

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-19-000757
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20181231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190322
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190322
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Black Ridge Oil & Gas
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001490161
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				272345075
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53952
		FILM NUMBER:		19700330
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 NORTH 5TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 410
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55403
		BUSINESS PHONE:		952-426-1241
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 NORTH 5TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 410
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55403
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ante5
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100422









     







 D.C. 20549



&#9746; ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR
15(D) OF



2018






 Inc.
(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)


    
    

    
    


110 North 5th Street
 Suite 410
Minneapolis
 Minnesota 55403

(Zip Code)


 including
area code

12(b) of the Exchange Act: None

12(g) of the Act:




        
        

        
        

    
    

    
    



if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
&#9744; No &#9746;&nbsp;

if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Yes &#9744; No &#9746;&nbsp;

(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes &#9746; &nbsp;&nbsp;No &#9744;

has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;229.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes &#9746; &nbsp;&nbsp;No &#9744;

delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s
knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746;

is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company
 or emerging growth
company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;smaller reporting
company&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

If an emerging growth company
indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes &#9744; No &#9746;&nbsp;

value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $7
128
576 as of June 29
 2018 (computed by reference
to the last sale price of a share of the registrant&rsquo;s Common Stock on that date as reported by OTC Bulletin Board).

844
900 shares outstanding
of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock as of March 15
 2019.




    
    



CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS


following discussion to inform our existing and potential security holders generally of some of the risks and uncertainties that
can affect our company and to take advantage of the &ldquo;safe harbor&rdquo; protection for forward-looking statements that applicable
federal securities law affords.


our management or persons acting on our behalf may make forward-looking statements to inform existing and potential security holders
about our company. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this report regarding our financial position
business strategy
 plans and objectives of management for future operations and industry conditions are forward-looking statements.
When used in this report
 forward-looking statements are generally accompanied by terms or phrases such as &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;predict
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;target
&rdquo;
&ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;seek
&rdquo; &ldquo;goal
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;may&rdquo;
or other words and similar expressions that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Items making assumptions regarding
actual or potential future sales
 market size
 collaborations
 trends or operating results also constitute such forward-looking
statements.


involve inherent risks and uncertainties
 and important factors (many of which are beyond our control) that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements include the following:




low trading volume and illiquidity of our common stock
 and possible application of the SEC&rsquo;s
penny stock rules;





material defaults on monetary obligations owed us
 resulting in unexpected losses;

inadequate capital of our clients to acquire working interests in oil and gas prospects and to
participate in the drilling and production of oil and other hydrocarbons;









litigation
 disputes and legal claims involving outside parties; and




forward-looking statements on our current expectations and assumptions about future events. While our management considers these
expectations and assumptions to be reasonable
 they are inherently subject to significant business
 economic
 competitive
 regulatory
and other risks and uncertainties
 most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Accordingly
results actually achieved may differ materially from expected results in these statements. Forward-looking statements speak only
as of the date they are made. You should consider carefully the statements in &ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors&rdquo; and other sections
of this report
 which describe factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those set forth in the forward-looking
statements.


to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this report. We assume no obligation
to update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this report
other than as may be required by applicable law or regulation. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures
made by us in our reports filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) which attempt
to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operation and
cash flows. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize
 or if the underlying assumptions prove incorrect
 our actual
results may vary materially from those expected or projected.





    
    







    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Directors
 Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    
    
    







    
    









2012
 we changed our name to Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (&ldquo;BROG&rdquo;). Our common stock is traded on the OTCQB under
the trading symbol &ldquo;ANFC&rdquo;.

The
Company is focused on acquiring
 investing in
 and managing the oil and gas assets for our partners. We continue to pursue asset
acquisitions in all major onshore unconventional shale formations that may be acquired with capital from our existing joint venture
partners or other capital providers. Additionally
 as the sponsor and manager of Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. (&ldquo;BRAC&rdquo;)

 share exchange
asset acquisition or other similar business combination.




Registration Statement on Form S-1 (the &ldquo;Registration Statement&rdquo;) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) to register the issuance of 431
819
910 shares of common stock in a Rights Offering that was declared effective
by the SEC on August 3
 2017 (the &ldquo;Rights Offering&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Rights Offering
 the Company distributed
 on
a pro rata basis
 one right for each share of common stock owned by shareholders on August 2
 2017 (the &ldquo;Record Date&rdquo;).
Each right permitted a shareholder to purchase up to nine shares of common stock at a subscription price of $0.012 per share. The
Rights Offering expired on September 8
 2017 (the &ldquo;Expiration Date&rdquo;).


Rights Offering the Company also entered into a Standby Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Backstop Agreement&rdquo;) with a consortium
of investors
 including members of the Company&rsquo;s board of directors and our Chief Executive Officer (collectively
 the &ldquo;Backstop
Purchasers&rdquo;)
 who agreed to purchase up to $2.9 million of the unsubscribed shares following the completion of the rights
offering.


 2017
the Company finalized the Rights Offering and Backstop Agreement
 and issued 431
819
910 shares raising gross proceeds of $5
181
839.
Under the Rights Offering the Company&rsquo;s current shareholders exercised rights to purchase 199
811
421 shares of stock for
a total of $2
397
737. Under the Backstop Agreement
 the Backstop Purchasers purchased 232
008
489 shares of stock for a total
of $2
784
102. Additionally
 as part of Backstop Agreement
 the Company issued 435
000 warrants to purchase its common stock at
$0.01 to participants in the Backstop Agreement. We incurred $130
164 in costs associated with raising the capital in Rights Offering
and Backstop Agreement which were charged directly to stockholder&rsquo;s equity. In October 2017
 the Company used $4
450
000
of the net proceeds of the Rights Offering and Backstop Agreement to fulfill its obligation as sponsor of a special purpose acquisition
company
 BRAC
 simultaneous with BRAC&rsquo;s initial public offering (IPO) described below. BRAC was formed on May 9
 2017 with
the purpose of becoming the special acquisition company as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The remaining proceeds from
the Rights Offering are used for general corporate purposes which may include other investments and acquisitions.

On
October 10
 2017
 BRAC completed its IPO raising $138
000
000 of gross proceeds (including proceeds from the exercise of an over-allotment
option by the underwriters on October 18

merger
 share exchange
 asset acquisition
 stock purchase
 recapitalization
 reorganization or other similar business combination
with one or more businesses or entities. BRAC&rsquo;s efforts to identify a prospective target business are not limited to a particular
industry or geographic region. Following the IPO and exercise of the over-allotment
 the Company owns 22% of the outstanding common
stock of BRAC and manages BRAC&rsquo;s operations via a management services agreement.


that BRAC
 following its IPO
 is a variable interest entity (&ldquo;VIE&rdquo;) and that the Company is the primary beneficiary
of the VIE. The Company determined that
 due to the redemption feature associated with the IPO shares
 that the IPO shareholders
are indirectly protected from the operating expenses of BRAC and it has the power to direct the activities of BRAC through the
date at which BRAC affords the stockholders the opportunity to vote to approve a proposed business combination. Therefore
 the
consolidated financial statements contain the operations of the BRAC from its inception on May 9
 2017. BRAC&rsquo;s IPO shareholders
are reflected in our financial statements as a non-controlling interest. The non-controlling interest was recorded at fair value
on October 10
 2017
 with an addition on October 18
 2017 as a result of the underwriters&rsquo; exercise of their over-allotment
option. Hereafter the term &ldquo;the Company&rdquo; refers to the consolidated entity including BRAC.





    
    





 2018
 BRAC entered into
an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the &ldquo;Merger Agreement&rdquo;) with Black Ridge Merger Sub
 Corp.
 a Delaware corporation
and wholly-owned subsidiary of BRAC (&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;)
 Allied Esports Entertainment
 Inc. (&ldquo;Allied Esports&rdquo;)
Ourgame International Holdings Ltd. (&ldquo;Ourgame&rdquo;)
 Noble Link Global Limited
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ourgame (&ldquo;Noble&rdquo;)
and Primo Vital Ltd.
 also a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ourgame (&ldquo;Primo&rdquo;).


 (i) Noble will
merge with and into Allied Esports (the &ldquo;Redomestication Merger&rdquo;) with Allied Esports being the surviving entity in
such merger and (ii) immediately after the Redomestication Merger
 Merger Sub will merge with and into Allied Esports with Allied
Esports being the surviving entity of such merger (the &ldquo;Transaction Merger&rdquo; and together with the Redomestication Merger
the &ldquo;Mergers&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Proposed Business Combination&rdquo;) and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of BRAC.


two of Ourgame&rsquo;s global esports and entertainment assets
 Allied Esports and WPT Enterprises
 Inc. (&ldquo;WPT&rdquo;). Allied
Esports is a premier esports entertainment company with a global network of dedicated esports properties and content production
facilities. WPT is the creator of the World Poker Tour&reg; (WPT&reg;) &ndash; the premier name in internationally televised gaming
and entertainment with brand presence in land-based tournaments
 television
 online and mobile. The proposed transaction will seek
to strategically combine the globally recognized Allied Esports brand with the three-pronged business model of the iconic World
Poker Tour
 featuring in-person experiences
 multiplatform content and interactive services
 to leverage the high-growth opportunities
in the global esports industry.


BRAC will issue to the former owners of Allied Esports and WPT (i) an aggregate of 11
602
754 shares of BRAC&rsquo;s common stock
and (ii) an aggregate of 3
800
003 warrants to purchase shares of BRAC&rsquo;s common stock.


above
 the former owners of Allied Esports and WPT will be entitled to receive their pro rata portion of an aggregate of an additional
3
846
153 shares of BRAC&rsquo;s common stock if the last sales price of BRAC&rsquo;s common stock equals or exceeds $13.00 per
share (as adjusted for stock splits
 stock dividends
 reorganizations and recapitalizations) for thirty (30) consecutive days at
any time during the five (5) year period commencing on the date of the Closing (the &ldquo;Closing Date&rdquo;).


by the Merger Agreement is subject to customary conditions and covenants of the respective parties
 including approval of BRAC&rsquo;s
stockholders and BRAC having cash on hand of at least $80 million. Further information regarding the Proposed Business Combination
the proposed business of the combined company following consummation of the Proposed Business Combination and the risks related
to the proposed business of the combined company following consummation of the Proposed Business Combination can be found in BRAC&rsquo;s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 20
 2018
 the preliminary proxy statement filed by BRAC with the SEC
and the definitive proxy statement to be filed by BRAC with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless otherwise indicated
the information in this Report assumes BRAC will not consummate the Proposed Business Combination and will be forced to seek an
alternative target with which to consummate an initial business combination.

Cancelation of Management Services Agreement
and Sale of BRHC Investment


 2017
 we
were notified by Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC (&ldquo;BRHC&rdquo;)
 of its termination of our Management Services Agreement
and that they had finalized the sale of BRHC&rsquo;s oil and gas assets to a third party. BRHC was formed by the Company in 2016
to contribute and assign to BRHC
 all of the Company&rsquo;s oil and gas assets and related debt as part of a debt restructuring
and was managed by the Company under a management services agreement. On April 3
 2017
 BRHC signed a Contribution Agreement that
provided for the transfer of ownership and title of all oil and gas assets held by BRHC in exchange for preferred membership interest
in the acquiring LLC (the &ldquo;BRHC Sale&rdquo;). Consistent with the terms of the Management Services Agreement
 we were paid
for our management services through June 30
 2017.





    
    



 Chambers
Energy Capital II
 LP and CEC II TE
 LLC (together with Chambers Energy Capital II
 LP the &ldquo;Chambers Affiliates&rdquo;) as
the members of BRHC agreed to dissolve and wind up BRHC and filed a Certificate of Cancellation under the Delaware Limited Liability
Company Act as of October 3
 2017. On October 2
 2017
 the Company entered into an agreement with the Chambers Affiliates whereby
certain assets distributed to the Company upon the dissolution and winding up of BRHC effective as of October 2
 2017
 were sold
to the Chambers Affiliates in exchange for cash consideration of $1
078
394. Additionally
 cash and receivables totaling $4
645
in value were distributed directly to the Company from BRHC.




value through identifying and targeting acreage positions or other assets with attractive returns on the capital employed by evaluating
amongst other factors
 reserve potential
 operator performance
 anticipated well costs and anticipated operating expenses. Our
management team has significant access to both publicly available and proprietary business combination opportunities and has collectively
bid on over $2.4 billion of opportunities with private equity sponsors since June 2015.


and connections of our personnel across a variety of onshore unconventional oil and gas plays or other assets
 we believe that
we are able to create value for our partners through opportunistic acquisitions development and subsequent divestitures. We believe
our experience and relationships enhance our ability to identify and acquire high value prospects and manage them effectively.

As
the sponsor and manager of BRAC
 we will be focused on 

Principal Agreements Affecting Our Ordinary
Business


for our continuing operations take the form of management service agreements
 whereby our partners pay a fee to us for managing
the business operations and day-to-day transactions of the business
 and joint venture agreements
 whereby joint ventures are funded
by our partners and we are paid a fee to identify prospective oil and gas related investments for purchase and manage the day-to-day
operations of those assets once purchased. Under the joint venture agreements

investor hurdles are met
 the Company will generally receive a share of profits in the joint venture. 



We
currently have 7 full time employees. We may hire additional technical or administrative personnel as appropriate. However
 we
do not expect a significant change in the number of full time employees over the next 12&nbsp;months based upon our currently-projected
business plan. We are using and will continue to use the services of independent consultants and contractors to perform various
professional services for us or on behalf of our partners. We believe that this use of third-party service providers enhances our
ability to contain general and administrative expenses.




are located at 110 North Fifth Street
 Suite 410
 Minneapolis
 Minnesota 55403. Our office space consists of approximately 2
786
square feet leased pursuant to an annual lease agreement that commenced on July 1
 2016 and continued on a month-to-month basis
beginning July 1
 2017.

Financial Information about Segments
and Geographic Areas


our operations into segments or geographic areas.

Available Information &ndash; Reports
to Security Holders


is www.blackridgeoil.com. We make available on this website
 free of charge
 our annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports after we electronically file those materials with
 or
furnish those materials to
 the SEC. Electronic filings with the SEC are also available on the SEC internet website at www.sec.gov.


website our Audit Committee Charter and our Code of Ethics
 in addition to all pertinent company contact information.





    
    




If we are unable to obtain the additional
capital or joint venture partners that we need to implement our business plan
 we may be unable to continue as a going concern.


2018 our cash balance was $1
503
500. We will continue to have general and administrative expenses to remain a public company and
continue with our business plan. The cash on hand would be insufficient to cover our current cash needs over the next year.


sources of additional capital through various financing transactions or arrangements
 including joint venturing of projects
 equity
financing or other means. We may not be successful in identifying suitable funding transactions in a sufficient time period or
at all
 and we may not obtain the capital we require by other means. If we do not succeed in raising additional capital
 our resources
may not be sufficient to fund our business.


costs in pursuing future capital financing
 including investment banking fees
 legal fees
 accounting fees
 securities law compliance
fees
 printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in connection
with certain securities we may issue
 which may adversely impact our financial condition.


independent registered public accounting firm that accompanies its audited consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report
on Form&nbsp;10-K contains an explanatory paragraph regarding the substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue
as a going concern.

We are subject
to risks inherent in our partners&rsquo; businesses


partners
 and ourselves to the extent we take or receive an equity position in our partners&rsquo; investments
 experience the
risks and volatility inherent with ownership of oil and gas operations and other businesses. All of these risks could adversely
affect their financial condition and the results of their operations and potentially limit their ability to meet their financial
obligations to us and other parties. Those risks
 when our partners are investing in the oil gas industry
 include
 but are not
limited to
 the following:



    
    
Crude oil
 natural gas and natural gas liquid (NGL&rsquo;s) prices are very volatile;

    
    
    

    
    
Drilling for oil
 natural gas and NGLs are high risk activities with many uncertainties;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
As a non-operator
 the development of successful operations relies on third-party operators who
 if not successful
 could have a materially adverse effect on the results of operations;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Decommissioning costs are unknown and may be substantial
 and unplanned costs could divert resources from other projects; and

    
    
    






    
    


Our net
operating loss carryforwards may be limited under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code by certain changes in the ownership
of our company.


loss (&ldquo;NOL&rdquo;) carryforwards that we may use to offset against taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. At
December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2018
 we had an estimated NOL carryforward of approximately $25.8 million for United States federal tax
return purposes. However
 Section&nbsp;382 of the Internal Revenue Code of&nbsp;1986
 as amended
 may limit the NOLs that we may
use in any year for U.S.&nbsp;federal income tax purposes in the event of certain changes in ownership of our company. Any limitation
on our ability to use NOLs could
 depending on the extent of such limitation
 result in higher U.S. federal income taxes being
paid (and therefore a reduction in cash) than if such NOLs were available as an offset against such income for U.S.&nbsp;federal
income tax reporting purposes. In addition
 if the limitation under Section&nbsp;382 is triggered
 it could result in a significant
charge to earnings in the period in which it is triggered.

We are highly dependent on Kenneth
DeCubellis
 our chief executive officer
 and our other executive officers and employees. The loss of one or more of them
 upon
whose knowledge
 leadership and technical expertise we rely
 would harm our ability to execute our business plan.


success depends heavily upon the continued contributions of Kenneth DeCubellis
 our chief executive officer
 whose knowledge
 leadership
and technical expertise would be difficult to replace
 with the support of James Moe
 our chief financial officer
 and Michael
Eisele
 our chief operating officer. If we were to lose their services
 our ability to execute our business plan would be harmed
and we may be forced to cease operations until such time as we are able to suitably replace them. Any of our executive officers
may terminate their employment with our company at any time.

Strategic relationships upon which
we may rely are subject to change
 which may diminish our ability to conduct business.


develop additional assets for our partners under the umbrella that we manage will depend on developing and maintaining close working
relationships with industry participants. Our success will also depend on our ability to select and evaluate suitable properties
for our partners and to consummate transactions in a highly competitive environment. These realities are subject to change and
our inability to maintain close working relationships with industry participants or continue to identify suitable properties may
impair our ability to execute our business plan.


our business
 we will use the business relationships of our management and develop new relationships to enter into strategic relationships.
These relationships may take the form of joint ventures
 joint operating agreements
 referral agreements and other contractual
arrangements with outside individuals and crude oil and natural gas companies. We may not be able to establish these strategic
relationships
 or if established
 we may not be able to maintain them. In addition
 the dynamics of our relationships with strategic
partners may require us to incur expenses or undertake activities that we would not otherwise be inclined to do independent of
these strategic relationships. If sufficient strategic relationships are not established and maintained
 our business prospects
financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.

We may not be able to effectively
manage our growth
 which may harm our profitability.


the expansion of our business. If we fail to effectively manage our growth
 our financial results could be adversely affected.
Growth may place a strain on our management systems and resources. We must continue to refine and expand our business capabilities
our systems and processes and our access to financing sources. As we grow
 we must continue to hire
 train
 supervise and manage
new employees. We cannot assure that we will be able to:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
identify and engage qualified employees and consultants
 or retain valued employees and consultants; or

    
    
    






    
    



our financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.

The Company may become subject to
the requirements of the Investment Company Act of 1940
 which would limit the Company&rsquo;s business operations and require the
Company to spend significant resources to comply with such act.


Act of 1940 (the &ldquo;Investment Company Act&rdquo;) defines an &ldquo;investment company&rdquo; as an issuer that is engaged
in the business of investing
 reinvesting
 owning
 holding or trading in securities and owns investment securities having a value
exceeding 40 percent of the issuer's unconsolidated assets
 excluding cash items and securities issued by the federal government.
While we believe that a reasonable investor would not conclude that we are engaged primarily in investing in securities based on
our continued focus on acquiring
 investing in
 and managing oil and gas assets
 the current composition of our assets
 including
our ownership of BRAC shares
 could contribute to a conclusion that we meet the threshold definition of an investment company.
While the Investment Company Act also has several exclusions and exceptions that we would seek to rely upon to avoid being deemed
an investment company
 our reliance on any such exclusions or exceptions may be misplaced resulting in violation of the Investment
Company Act
 the consequences of which can be significant. For example
 investment companies that fail to register under the Investment
Company Act are prohibited from conducting business in interstate commerce
 which includes selling securities or entering into
other contracts in interstate commerce. Section 47(b) of the Investment Company Act provides that a contract made
 or whose performance
involves
 a violation of the Investment Company Act is unenforceable by either party unless a court finds that enforcement would
produce a more equitable result than non-enforcement. Similarly
 a court may not deny rescission to any party seeking to rescind
a contract that violates the Investment Company Act
 unless the court finds that denial of rescission would produce more equitable
result than granting rescission.


to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act
 Rule 3a-2 of the Investment Company Act provides that inadvertent
or transient investment companies will not be treated as investment companies subject to the provisions of the Investment Company
Act provided the issuer has the requisite intent to be engaged in a non-investment business
 evidenced by the issuer&rsquo;s business
activities and an appropriate resolution of the issuer&rsquo;s board of directors
 within one year from the commencement of the
earlier of (1) the date on which the issuer owns securities and/or cash having a value exceeding 50% of the value of such issuer's
total assets on either a consolidated or unconsolidated basis
 or (2) the date on which an issuer owns or proposes to acquire investment
securities (as defined in section 3(a) of the Act) having a value exceeding 40% of the value of such issuer's total assets (exclusive
of government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. If the Company becomes an inadvertent investment company
and fails to meet the requirements of the transient investment company exemption under Rule 3a-2 of the Investment Company Act
then we will be required to register as an investment company with the SEC.


ramifications of becoming an investment company
 both in terms of the restrictions it would have on our company and the cost of
compliance
 would be significant. For example
 in addition to expenses related to initially registering as an investment company
the Investment Company Act also imposes various restrictions with regard to our ability to enter into affiliated transactions
the diversification of our assets and our ability to borrow money. If we became subject to the Investment Company Act at some point
in the future
 our ability to continue pursuing our business plan would be severely limited.

Risks in Connection with Sponsorship
of BRAC

Our officers and directors will allocate
a portion of their time to BRAC which could cause conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to
our affairs. This could have a negative impact on our ability to effectuate our operational business plan.


are officers and/or directors BRAC and as a result may not be able to commit their full time to our affairs. We presently expect
each of our employees to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business. The foregoing could
have a negative impact on our ability to effectuate our operational business plan.

Our officers and directors may have
a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business for BRAC is appropriate for a business combination.


and directors is an officer and/or director of BRAC. As described elsewhere in this annual report
 we are an oil and gas company
that pursues asset acquisitions in the energy industry
 an industry within which BRAC could search for a target business. However
we will continue to focus on acquiring assets from businesses with private equity backing that are seeking to sell such assets
for cash without retaining any equity interest in them
 whereas BRAC intends to acquire a target business from a seller that wishes
to retain a significant equity interest in the combined company. Accordingly
 our management team does not believe that there will
be a meaningful conflict between us and BRAC in relation to consummating a business combination. Nevertheless
 we cannot assure
you of this fact and it is possible that a suitable business opportunity could be presented to BRAC prior to its presentation to
our company.





    
    




The market price of our common stock
is
 and is likely to continue to be
 highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations.


our common stock is likely to continue to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a number
of factors
 some of which are beyond our control
 including but not limited to:



    
    
dilution caused by our issuance of additional shares of common stock and other forms of equity securities
 which we expect to make in connection with future capital financings to fund our operations and growth
 to attract and retain valuable personnel and in connection with future strategic partnerships with other companies;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
changes in the valuation of similarly situated companies
 both in our industry and in other industries;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
changes in analysts&rsquo; estimates affecting our company
 our competitors and/or our industry;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
significant sales of our common stock
 including sales by selling shareholders following the registration of shares under a prospectus.



are largely beyond our control
 and the impact of these risks
 singly or in the aggregate
 may result in material adverse changes
to the market price of our common stock and our results of operations and financial condition.

Our operating results may fluctuate
significantly
 and these fluctuations may cause the price of our common stock to decline.


will likely vary in the future primarily as the result of fluctuations in our revenues and operating expenses
 including the expenses
that we incur and other factors. If our results of operations do not meet the expectations of current or potential investors
 the
price of our common stock may decline.

Shareholders will experience dilution
upon the exercise of outstanding warrants and options and issuance of common stock under our incentive plans.


&nbsp;2018
we had options for 7
020
000 shares of common stock outstanding under our 2012&nbsp;Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan and
options for an additional 3
763
500 shares of common stock outstanding under our 2016 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan. If the holders
of outstanding options exercise those options or our compensation committee or full board of directors determines to grant additional
stock awards under our incentive plan
 shareholders may experience dilution in the net tangible book value of our common stock.
Further
 the sale or availability for sale of the underlying shares in the marketplace as a result of the exercise of existing
options and the grant of additional options could depress our stock price.

We do not expect to pay dividends
in the foreseeable future.


declare dividends for the foreseeable future
 as we anticipate that we will reinvest any future earnings in the development and
growth of our business. In addition
 debt arrangements we may enter into in the future will likely preclude us from paying dividends.
Therefore
 investors will not receive any funds unless they sell their common stock
 and shareholders may be unable to sell their
shares on favorable terms or at all. Investors cannot be assured of a positive return on investment or that they will not lose
the entire amount of their investment in our common stock.





    
    


We may issue additional stock without
shareholder consent.


has authority
 without action or vote of the shareholders
 to issue all or part of our authorized but unissued shares. Additional
shares may be issued in connection with future financing
 acquisitions
 employee stock plans
 or otherwise. Any such issuance will
dilute the percentage ownership of existing shareholders. We are also currently authorized to issue up to 20
000
000&nbsp;shares
of preferred stock. The board of directors can issue preferred stock in one or more series and fix the terms of such stock without
shareholder approval. Preferred stock may include the right to vote as a series on particular matters
 preferences as to dividends
and liquidation
 conversion and redemption rights and sinking fund provisions. The issuance of preferred stock could adversely
affect the rights of the holders of common stock and reduce the value of the common stock. In addition
 specific rights granted
to holders of preferred stock could discourage
 delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company
 even
if doing so would benefit our shareholders. Such issuance could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you
and other shareholders to elect directors of your choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions you desire.

There is currently a limited trading
market for our common stock and we cannot ensure that one will ever develop or be sustained.


been a significant liquid trading market for our common stock. We cannot predict how liquid the market for our common stock might
become. We currently do not satisfy the initial listing standards for any major securities exchange
 although we intend to apply
for such an exchange listing when we are able. Currently our common stock is traded on the OTCQB. Should we fail to remain traded
on the OTCQB or not be able to be traded on the OTCQB
 the trading price of our common stock could suffer
 the trading market for
our common stock may be less liquid and our common stock price may be subject to increased volatility. Furthermore
 for companies
whose securities are quoted on the OTCQB
 it may be more difficult (i) to obtain accurate quotations
 (ii) to obtain coverage for
significant news events because major wire services generally do not publish press releases about such companies and (iii) to obtain
needed capital.

Offers or availability for sale of
a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline.


sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market
 or upon the expiration of any statutory holding period under
Rule&nbsp;144
 or issued upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants
 it could create a circumstance commonly referred
to as an &ldquo;overhang&rdquo; and in anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence of
an overhang
 whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring
 also could hinder our ability to raise additional financing through
the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate.

Risks Related to BRAC and its Common
Stock

BRAC is a recently formed company with no operating history
and no revenues
 and its investors have no basis on which to evaluate BRAC&rsquo;s ability to achieve BRAC&rsquo;s business objective.


results to date. Therefore
 BRAC&rsquo;s ability to commence operations is dependent upon completing a business combination. Since
BRAC does not have an operating history
 its investors will have no basis upon which to evaluate BRAC&rsquo;s ability to achieve
BRAC&rsquo;s business objective
 which is to acquire an operating business. BRAC will not generate any revenues until
 at the earliest
after the consummation of a business combination.

If BRAC is unable to consummate a business
combination
 BRAC&rsquo;s public stockholders may be forced to wait more than 21 months from the completion of BRAC&rsquo;s IPO
(July 10
 2019) before receiving distributions from the trust account.


 2019 to complete
a business combination. BRAC has no obligation to return funds to investors prior to such date unless BRAC consummates a business
combination prior thereto and only then in cases where its investors have sought to convert or sell their shares to BRAC. Only
after the expiration of this full time period will BRAC&rsquo;s public security holders be entitled to distributions from the trust
account if BRAC is unable to complete a business combination. Accordingly
 BRAC&rsquo;s investors&rsquo; funds may be unavailable
to them until after such date and to liquidate their investment
 public security holders may be forced to sell their public shares
rights or warrants
 potentially at a loss.





    
    


BRAC&rsquo;s public stockholders may not be afforded an
opportunity to vote on BRAC&rsquo;s proposed business combination
 which means BRAC may complete BRAC&rsquo;s initial business
combination even if a majority of BRAC&rsquo;s public stockholders do not support such a combination.


of BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public stockholders may seek to convert
their shares
 regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination
 into their pro rata share of the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of franchise and income taxes payable)
 or (2) provide BRAC&rsquo;s
public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to BRAC by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for
a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net
of franchise and income taxes payable)
 in each case subject to the limitations described elsewhere in this report. Accordingly
it is possible that BRAC will consummate BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination even if holders of a majority of BRAC&rsquo;s
public shares do not approve of the business combination BRAC consummates. The decision as to whether BRAC will seek stockholder
approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to BRAC in a tender offer will be made
by us
 solely in BRAC&rsquo;s discretion
 and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether
the terms of the transaction would otherwise require BRAC to seek stockholder approval. For instance
 NASDAQ rules currently allow
BRAC to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a stockholder meeting but would still require BRAC to obtain stockholder approval if
BRAC were seeking to issue more than 20% of BRAC&rsquo;s outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business
combination. Therefore
 if BRAC were structuring a business combination that required BRAC to issue more than 20% of BRAC&rsquo;s
outstanding shares
 BRAC would seek stockholder approval of such business combination instead of conducting a tender offer.&nbsp;&nbsp;

Because of BRAC&rsquo;s structure
 other companies may
have a competitive advantage and BRAC may not be able to consummate an attractive business combination.


other than blank check companies having a business objective similar to BRAC&rsquo;s
 including venture capital funds
 leveraged
buyout funds and operating businesses competing for acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive
experience in identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess
greater technical
 human and other resources than BRAC does and BRAC&rsquo;s financial resources will be relatively limited when
contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While BRAC believes that there are numerous potential target businesses that
BRAC could acquire with the net proceeds of this offering
 BRAC&rsquo;s ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target
businesses will be limited by BRAC&rsquo;s available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an
advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Additionally
 BROG
 as BRAC&rsquo;s sponsor
 is an oil and
gas company that pursues distressed asset acquisitions in the energy industry
 an industry within which BRAC may focus its search
for a target business. While BROG intends to acquire assets from businesses with private equity backing that are seeking to sell
such assets for cash without retaining any equity interest in them (as opposed to BRAC&rsquo;s intent to acquire a target business
from a seller that wishes to retain a significant equity interest in the combined company)
 it is not limited to this type of acquisition
and BRAC therefore could nevertheless be subject to competition for acquisitions with BROG and its other interests. Furthermore
seeking stockholder approval or engaging in a tender offer in connection with any proposed business combination may delay the consummation
of such a transaction. Additionally
 BRAC&rsquo;s outstanding rights and warrants
 and the future dilution they potentially represent
may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of the foregoing may place BRAC at a competitive disadvantage in
successfully negotiating a business combination.

The ability of BRAC&rsquo;s stockholders to exercise their
conversion rights or sell their shares to BRAC in a tender offer may not allow BRAC to effectuate the most desirable business combination
or optimize BRAC&rsquo;s capital structure.


all of its cash to pay the purchase price
 because it will not know how many stockholders may exercise conversion rights or seek
to sell their shares to it in a tender offer
 it may either need to reserve part of the trust account for possible payment upon
such conversion
 or it may need to arrange third party financing to help fund its business combination. In the event that the acquisition
involves the issuance of its stock as consideration
 BRAC may be required to issue a higher percentage of its stock to make up
for a shortfall in funds. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing or incurring indebtedness
at higher than desirable levels. This may limit BRAC&rsquo;s ability to effectuate the most attractive business combination available
to us.





    
    


In connection with any vote to approve a business combination
BRAC will offer each public stockholder the option to vote in favor of a proposed business combination and still seek conversion
of his
 her or its shares.


BRAC will offer each public stockholder (but not BROG
 as BRAC&rsquo;s sponsor
 or BROG&rsquo;s officers or directors) the right
to have his
 her or its shares of common stock converted to cash (subject to the limitations described elsewhere in this annual
report) regardless of whether such stockholder votes for or against such proposed business combination. This ability to seek conversion
while voting in favor of BRAC&rsquo;s proposed business combination may make it more likely that BRAC will consummate a business
combination.

The ability of BRAC&rsquo;s public stockholders to exercise
redemption rights with respect to a large number of BRAC&rsquo;s shares could increase the probability that BRAC&rsquo;s initial
business combination is not consummated and that its investors would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem their stock.


business combination requires it to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price
 or requires it to
have a minimum amount of cash at closing
 the probability that BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination would not be consummated
is increased. If BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination is not consummated
 its investors would not receive their pro rata portion
of the trust account until BRAC liquidates the trust account in connection with BRAC&rsquo;s liquidation. If its investors are
in need of immediate liquidity
 its investors could attempt to sell their stock in the open market; however
 at such time BRAC&rsquo;s
stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation
 its investors may suffer
a material loss on their investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with BRAC&rsquo;s redemption until BRAC
liquidates or its investors are able to sell their stock in the open market.

The requirement that BRAC complete its initial business
combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over BRAC in negotiating a business
combination and may decrease its ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as BRAC approaches
its dissolution deadline
 which could undermine its ability to complete its business combination on terms that would produce value
for its stockholders.


BRAC enters into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that BRAC must complete its initial business combination
by July 10
 2019. Consequently
 such target business may obtain leverage over BRAC in negotiating a business combination
 knowing
that if BRAC does not complete its initial business combination with that particular target business
 BRAC may be unable to complete
its initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as BRAC get closer to the timeframe described
above. In addition
 BRAC may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into its initial business combination on
terms that it would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.

BRAC may not obtain a fairness opinion with respect to
the target business that BRAC seeks to acquire and therefore its investors may be relying solely on the judgment of BRAC&rsquo;s
board of directors in approving a proposed business combination.


respect to the target business that it seeks to acquire if it is an entity that is affiliated with any of BRAC&rsquo;s officers
directors or BROG as its sponsor. In all other instances
 BRAC will have no obligation to obtain an opinion. Accordingly
 investors
will be relying solely on the judgment of BRAC&rsquo;s board of directors in approving a proposed business combination.

BRAC may not be able to complete its initial business
combination within the prescribed time frame
 in which case BRAC would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
and BRAC would redeem its public shares and liquidate.


 as BRAC&rsquo;s sponsor
 and BROG&rsquo;s
executive officers and directors have agreed that BRAC must complete its initial business combination by July 10
 2019. If BRAC
has not completed BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination by July 10
 2019
 BRAC will: (i) cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem the public
shares
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
 including interest
(which interest shall be net of franchise and income taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares
 which
redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders&rsquo; rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further
liquidation distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption
subject to the approval of BRAC&rsquo;s remaining stockholders and BRAC&rsquo;s board of directors
 dissolve and liquidate
 subject
in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to BRAC&rsquo;s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the
requirements of other applicable law.





    
    


If the net proceeds of BRAC&rsquo;s initial public offering
not being held in the trust account are insufficient
 it could limit the amount available to fund BRAC&rsquo;s search for a target
business or businesses and complete its initial business combination and BRAC will depend on loans from its sponsor or management
team to fund its search
 to pay its income taxes and to complete its business combination.


remaining available to BRAC outside the trust account to fund its working capital requirements. BRAC has borrowed $350
000 from
BROG
 as its sponsor
 as of December 31
 2018 to fund its operating activities. If BRAC is required to seek additional capital
it would need to borrow additional funds from BROG
 BROG&rsquo;s management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced
to liquidate. Neither BROG
 as BRAC&rsquo;s sponsor
 or members of BRAC&rsquo;s management team nor any of their affiliates is
under any obligation to advance funds to it in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside
the trust account or from funds released to BRAC upon completion of its initial business combination. If BRAC is unable to complete
its initial business combination because BRAC does not have sufficient funds available to it
 BRAC will be forced to cease operations
and liquidate the trust account. Consequently
 BRAC&rsquo;s public stockholders may only receive
 without taking into account
interest earned on the trust account
 approximately $10.05 per share on BRAC&rsquo;s redemption of its public shares
 and BRAC&rsquo;s
warrants will expire worthless.

Since BRAC has not yet selected a particular industry
or target business with which to complete a business combination
 BRAC is unable to currently ascertain the merits or risks of
the industry or business in which BRAC may ultimately operate.


any industry BRAC chooses and are not limited to any particular industry or type of business. Accordingly
 there is no current
basis for its investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the particular industry in which BRAC may ultimately operate
or the target business which BRAC may ultimately acquire. To the extent BRAC completes a business combination with a financially
unstable company or an entity in its development stage
 BRAC may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations
of those entities. If BRAC completes a business combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk
BRAC may be affected by the currently unascertainable risks of that industry. Although BRAC&rsquo;s management will endeavor to
evaluate the risks inherent in a particular industry or target business
 BRAC cannot assure its investors that BRAC will properly
ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. BRAC also cannot assure its investors that an investment in BRAC&rsquo;s
units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in this offering than a direct investment
 if an opportunity
were available
 in a target business.

BRAC may seek acquisition opportunities in industries
or sectors outside the energy sector
 which may or may not be outside of BRAC&rsquo;s management&rsquo;s area of expertise.


energy sector (which sectors may or may not be outside BRAC&rsquo;s management&rsquo;s areas of expertise) if a business combination
candidate is presented to it and BRAC determines that such candidate offers an acquisition opportunity for BRAC&rsquo;s company.
Although BRAC&rsquo;s management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate
BRAC cannot assure its investors that BRAC will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. BRAC also cannot
assure its investors that an investment in BRAC&rsquo;s securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors
than a direct investment
 if an opportunity were available
 in a business combination candidate. In the event BRAC elects to pursue
an acquisition outside of the areas of BRAC&rsquo;s management&rsquo;s expertise
 BRAC&rsquo;s management&rsquo;s expertise may
not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation
 and the information contained herein regarding the areas of BRAC&rsquo;s
management&rsquo;s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that BRAC elects to acquire.

Although BRAC identified general criteria and guidelines
that BRAC believes are important in evaluating prospective target businesses
 BRAC may enter into BRAC&rsquo;s initial business
combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines
 and as a result
 the target business with which BRAC
enter into BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with BRAC&rsquo;s general criteria
and guidelines.


for evaluating prospective target businesses
 it is possible that a target business with which BRAC enters into BRAC&rsquo;s initial
business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If BRAC completes BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination
with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines
 such combination may not be as successful as a combination with
a business that does meet all of BRAC&rsquo;s general criteria and guidelines. In addition
 if BRAC announces a prospective business
combination with a target that does not meet BRAC&rsquo;s general criteria and guidelines
 a greater number of stockholders may
exercise their redemption rights
 which may make it difficult for it to meet any closing condition with a target business that
requires it to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition
 if stockholder approval of the transaction is
required by law
 or BRAC decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons
 it may be more difficult for
it to attain stockholder approval of BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination if the target business does not meet BRAC&rsquo;s
general criteria and guidelines. If BRAC is unable to complete BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination
 BRAC&rsquo;s public stockholders
may receive
 without taking into account
 interest
 if any
 earned on the trust account
 only approximately $10.05 per share on
the liquidation of BRAC&rsquo;s trust account and BRAC&rsquo;s warrants will expire worthless.





    
    


BRAC may seek investment opportunities with a financially
unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings.


with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings
 BRAC may be affected by numerous
risks inherent in the operations of the business with which BRAC combines. These risks include volatile revenues or earnings and
difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although BRAC&rsquo;s executive officers and directors will endeavor to
evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business
 BRAC may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors and BRAC may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore
 some of these risks may be outside of
BRAC&rsquo;s control and leave it with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target
business.

BRAC may issue shares of BRAC&rsquo;s capital stock or
debt securities to complete a business combination
 which would reduce the equity interest of BRAC&rsquo;s stockholders and likely
cause a change in control of BRAC&rsquo;s ownership.


authorizes the issuance of up to 35
000
000 shares of common stock
 par value $.0001 per share
 and 1
000
000 shares of preferred
stock
 par value $.0001 per share. The issuance of additional shares of common stock or preferred stock:




may subordinate the rights of holders of shares of common stock if BRAC issues shares of preferred stock with rights senior
to those afforded to BRAC&rsquo;s shares of common stock;

may cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of common stock are issued
 which may affect
 among other things
BRAC&rsquo;s ability to use BRAC&rsquo;s net operating loss carry forwards
 if any
 and could result in the resignation or removal
of BRAC&rsquo;s present officers and directors; and




 if BRAC issues debt securities
 it could result in:


default and foreclosure on BRAC&rsquo;s assets if BRAC&rsquo;s operating revenues after a business combination are insufficient
to repay BRAC&rsquo;s debt obligations;

acceleration of BRAC&rsquo;s obligations to repay the indebtedness even if BRAC makes all principal and interest payments when
due if BRAC breaches certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or
renegotiation of that covenant;

BRAC&rsquo;s immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest
 if any
 if the debt security is payable on demand; and

BRAC&rsquo;s inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting BRAC&rsquo;s
ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding.


 BRAC&rsquo;s lenders will not have
a claim on the cash in the trust account and such indebtedness will not decrease the per-share conversion amount in the trust account.

Resources could be spent researching acquisitions that
are not consummated
 which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business.


business and the negotiation
 drafting
 and execution of relevant agreements
 disclosure documents
 and other instruments will
require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants
 attorneys and others. If a decision is
made not to complete a specific business combination
 the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would
not be recoverable. Furthermore
 even if an agreement is reached relating to a specific target business
 BRAC may fail to consummate
the business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond BRAC&rsquo;s control. Any such event will result in a
loss to BRAC of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or
merge with another business.





    
    


BRAC is dependent upon BRAC&rsquo;s executive officers
and directors and their departure could adversely affect BRAC&rsquo;s ability to operate.


group of individuals and
 in particular
 Kenneth DeCubellis and BRAC&rsquo;s other executive officers and directors. BRAC believes
that BRAC&rsquo;s success depends on the continued service of BRAC&rsquo;s executive officers and directors
 at least until BRAC
has completed BRAC&rsquo;s business combination. In addition
 BRAC&rsquo;s executive officers and directors are not required to
commit any specified amount of time to BRAC&rsquo;s affairs and
 accordingly
 will have conflicts of interest in allocating management
time among various business activities
 including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.
BRAC does not have key-man insurance on the life of any of BRAC&rsquo;s directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of
the services of one or more of BRAC&rsquo;s directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us.

BRAC&rsquo;s ability to successfully effect a business
combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of BRAC&rsquo;s key personnel
 some of whom
may join it following a business combination. While BRAC intends to closely scrutinize any individuals BRAC engages after a business
combination
 BRAC cannot assure its investors that BRAC&rsquo;s assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct.


is dependent upon the efforts of BRAC&rsquo;s key personnel. BRAC believe that BRAC&rsquo;s success depends on the continued service
of BRAC&rsquo;s key personnel
 at least until BRAC has consummated BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination. BRAC cannot assure
its investors that any of BRAC&rsquo;s key personnel will remain with it for the immediate or foreseeable future. In addition
none of BRAC&rsquo;s officers are required to commit any specified amount of time to BRAC&rsquo;s affairs and
 accordingly
 BRAC&rsquo;s
officers will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities
 including identifying
potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. BRAC does not have employment agreements with
 or key-man
insurance on the life of
 any of BRAC&rsquo;s officers. The unexpected loss of the services of BRAC&rsquo;s key personnel could
have a detrimental effect on us.


however
 cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of BRAC&rsquo;s key personnel serve in senior management or advisory positions
following a business combination
 it is likely that most
 if not all
 of the management of the target business will remain in place.
While BRAC intends to closely scrutinize any individuals BRAC engages after a business combination
 BRAC cannot assure its investors
that BRAC&rsquo;s assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements
of operating a public company which could cause it to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such
requirements. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect
BRAC&rsquo;s operations.

BRAC&rsquo;s officers and directors may not have significant
experience or knowledge regarding the jurisdiction or industry of the target business BRAC may seek to acquire.


in any geographic location or industry BRAC chooses. BRAC cannot assure its investors that BRAC&rsquo;s officers and directors
will have enough experience or have sufficient knowledge relating to the jurisdiction of the target or its industry to make an
informed decision regarding a business combination.

None of BRAC&rsquo;s executive officers or directors has
ever been associated with a special purpose acquisition corporation and such lack of experience could adversely affect BRAC&rsquo;s
ability to consummate a business combination.


been associated with a special purpose acquisition corporation. BRAC&rsquo;s management&rsquo;s lack of experience in operating
a special purpose acquisition corporation could adversely affect BRAC&rsquo;s ability to consummate a business combination and
could result in BRAC&rsquo;s not completing a business combination in the prescribed time frame.

BRAC&rsquo;s key personnel may negotiate employment or
consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide
for them to receive compensation following a business combination and as a result
 may cause them to have conflicts of interest
in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.


after the consummation of a business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements or other
appropriate arrangements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the
negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
and/or BRAC&rsquo;s securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination.
The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business.





    
    


BRAC may have a limited ability to assess the management
of a prospective target business and
 as a result
 may effect BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination with a target business
whose management may not have the skills
 qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.


business combination with a prospective target business
 BRAC&rsquo;s ability to assess the target business&rsquo;s management
may be limited due to a lack of time
 resources or information. BRAC&rsquo;s assessment of the capabilities of the target&rsquo;s
management
 therefore
 may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills
 qualifications or abilities BRAC suspected.
Should the target&rsquo;s management not possess the skills
 qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company
the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly
 any stockholders who
choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due
to the breach by BRAC&rsquo;s executive officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them
 or if they
are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the tender offer or proxy statement materials relating
to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.


upon completion of BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target&rsquo;s key personnel
could negatively impact the operations and profitability of BRAC&rsquo;s post-combination business. The role of an acquisition
candidate&rsquo;s key personnel upon the completion of BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this
time. Although BRAC contemplates that certain members of an acquisition candidate&rsquo;s management team will remain associated
with the acquisition candidate following BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination
 it is possible that members of the management
of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place.

BRAC may engage in a business combination with one or
more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with BRAC&rsquo;s executive officers
 directors
or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest.


 as BRAC&rsquo;s sponsor
and BROG&rsquo;s executive officers and directors with other entities
 BRAC may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated
with BROG or its executive officers and directors. BRAC&rsquo;s directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities.
Such entities may compete with it for business combination opportunities. Although BRAC is not specifically focusing on
 or targeting
any transaction with any affiliated entities
 BRAC could pursue such a transaction if BRAC determined that such affiliated entity
met BRAC&rsquo;s criteria for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of BRAC&rsquo;s disinterested
directors. Despite BRAC&rsquo;s agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting firm or independent investment banking
firm regarding the fairness to BRAC&rsquo;s company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic
or international businesses affiliated with BRAC&rsquo;s executive officers
 directors or existing holders
 potential conflicts
of interest still may exist and
 as a result
 the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to BRAC&rsquo;s
public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.

BRAC may only be able to complete one business combination
with the proceeds of BRAC&rsquo;s initial public offering
 which will cause it to be solely dependent on a single business which
may have a limited number of products or services.


a single target business
 although BRAC has the ability to simultaneously acquire several target businesses. By consummating a
business combination with only a single entity
 BRAC&rsquo;s lack of diversification may subject it to numerous economic
 competitive
and regulatory developments. Further
 BRAC would not be able to diversify BRAC&rsquo;s operations or benefit from the possible
spreading of risks or offsetting of losses
 unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations
in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly
 the prospects for BRAC&rsquo;s success may be:


solely dependent upon the performance of a single business
 or

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products
 processes or services.


competitive and regulatory developments
 any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry
in which BRAC may operate subsequent to a business combination.





    
    



 if BRAC determines to simultaneously acquire
several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers
 BRAC will need for each of such sellers to agree that BRAC&rsquo;s
purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations
 which may make it more
difficult for us
 and delay BRAC&rsquo;s ability
 to complete the business combination. With multiple business combinations
 BRAC
could also face additional risks
 including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due
diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of
the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If BRAC is unable to adequately
address these risks
 it could negatively impact BRAC&rsquo;s profitability and results of operations.

BRAC may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations
with multiple prospective targets
 which may hinder BRAC&rsquo;s ability to complete BRAC&rsquo;s business combination and give
rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact BRAC&rsquo;s operations and profitability.


that are owned by different sellers
 BRAC will need for each of such sellers to agree that BRAC&rsquo;s purchase of its business
is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations
 which may make it more difficult for us
 and delay
BRAC&rsquo;s ability
 to complete BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination. With multiple business combinations
 BRAC could also
face additional risks
 including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations
and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If BRAC is unable to adequately address these
risks
 it could negatively impact BRAC&rsquo;s profitability and results of operations.

If BRAC&rsquo;s security holders exercise their registration
rights
 it may have an adverse effect on the market price of BRAC&rsquo;s shares of common stock and the existence of these rights
may make it more difficult to effect a business combination.


register the resale of the founders&rsquo; shares at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which their shares may
be released from escrow. Additionally
 the holders of the private units and any units BRAC&rsquo;s sponsor
 officers
 directors
or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to it are entitled to demand that BRAC register the
resale of the private units and any other units BRAC issues to them (and the underlying securities) commencing at any time after
BRAC consummates an initial business combination. The presence of these additional shares of common stock trading in the public
market may have an adverse effect on the market price of BRAC&rsquo;s securities. In addition
 the existence of these rights may
make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business
 as the stockholders
of the target business may be discouraged from entering into a business combination with it or will request a higher price for
their securities because of the potential effect the exercise of such rights may have on the trading market for BRAC&rsquo;s shares
of common stock.

EarlyBirdCapital may have a conflict
of interest in rendering services to it in connection with BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination.


it in connection with BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination. BRAC will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee of $4
080
000 for such
services upon the consummation of BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination. This financial interest may result in EarlyBirdCapital
having a conflict of interest when providing the services to it in connection with an initial business combination.

Because BRAC must furnish BRAC&rsquo;s stockholders with
target business financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or international
financial reporting standards
 BRAC will not be able to complete a business combination with prospective target businesses unless
their financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.


respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial
statement disclosure in periodic reports. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with
 or be reconciled
to
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 or GAAP
 or international financial reporting standards
as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
 or IFRS
 depending on the circumstances
 and the historical financial
statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States)
 or PCAOB. BRAC will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with any tender offer documents BRAC
use
 whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. Additionally
 to the extent BRAC furnishes BRAC&rsquo;s stockholders
with financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS
 such financial statements will need to be audited in accordance with
U.S. GAAP at the time of the consummation of the business combination. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool
of potential target businesses BRAC may acquire.





    
    


BRAC is an emerging growth company within the meaning
of the Securities Act
 and if BRAC takes advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth
companies
 this could make BRAC&rsquo;s securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare BRAC&rsquo;s
performance with other public companies.


&rdquo; as defined
in the JOBS Act. BRAC will remain an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; for up to five years. However
 if BRAC&rsquo;s non-convertible
debt issued within a three year period or revenues exceeds $1.07 billion
 or the market value of BRAC&rsquo;s shares of common
stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year
BRAC would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year. As an emerging growth company
 BRAC is not required
to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 BRAC has reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in BRAC&rsquo;s periodic reports and proxy statements and BRAC is exempt from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. Additionally
 as an emerging growth company
 BRAC has elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards
that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As such
BRAC&rsquo;s financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. BRAC cannot
predict if investors will find BRAC&rsquo;s shares of common stock less attractive because BRAC may rely on these provisions. If
some investors find BRAC&rsquo;s shares of common stock less attractive as a result
 there may be a less active trading market
for BRAC&rsquo;s shares and BRAC&rsquo;s share price may be more volatile.

Provisions in BRAC&rsquo;s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us
 which could limit the price investors might be willing
to pay in the future for BRAC&rsquo;s common stock and could entrench management.


and bylaws contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their
best interests. BRAC&rsquo;s board of directors is divided into three classes
 each of which will generally serve for a term of
three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. As a result
 at a given annual meeting only a minority
of the board of directors may be considered for election. Since BRAC&rsquo;s &ldquo;staggered board&rdquo; may prevent BRAC&rsquo;s
stockholders from replacing a majority of BRAC&rsquo;s board of directors at any given annual meeting
 it may entrench management
and discourage unsolicited stockholder proposals that may be in the best interests of stockholders. Moreover
 BRAC&rsquo;s board
of directors has the ability to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock.


law
 which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make more difficult the removal of management
and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for BRAC&rsquo;s
securities.

If BRAC effects a business combination with a company
located outside of the United States
 BRAC would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact BRAC&rsquo;s
operations.


outside of the United States. If BRAC did
 BRAC would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies
operating in the target business&rsquo; home jurisdiction
 including any of the following:










tax issues
 such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;









crime
 strikes
 riots
 civil disturbances
 terrorist attacks and wars; and







    
    



to adequately address these additional risks. If BRAC were unable to do so
 BRAC&rsquo;s operations might suffer.

If BRAC effects a business combination with a company
located outside of the United States
 the laws applicable to such company will likely govern all of BRAC&rsquo;s material agreements
and BRAC may not be able to enforce BRAC&rsquo;s legal rights.


outside of the United States
 the laws of the country in which such company operates will govern almost all of the material agreements
relating to its operations. BRAC cannot assure its investors that the target business will be able to enforce any of its material
agreements or that remedies will be available in this new jurisdiction. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws
in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce
or obtain a remedy under any of BRAC&rsquo;s future agreements could result in a significant loss of business
 business opportunities
or capital. Additionally
 if BRAC acquires a company located outside of the United States
 it is likely that substantially all
of BRAC&rsquo;s assets would be located outside of the United States and some of BRAC&rsquo;s officers and directors might reside
outside of the United States. As a result
 it may not be possible for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights
to effect service of process upon BRAC&rsquo;s directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated
upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of BRAC&rsquo;s directors and officers under federal securities laws.

Changes in laws or regulations
 or a failure to comply
with any laws and regulations
 may adversely affect BRAC&rsquo;s business
 investments and results of operations.


regional and local governments. In particular
 BRAC will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance
with
 and monitoring of
 applicable laws and regulations may be difficult
 time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations
and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect
on BRAC&rsquo;s business
 investments and results of operations. In addition
 a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations
as interpreted and applied
 could have a material adverse effect on BRAC&rsquo;s business and results of operations.

BRAC&rsquo;s amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will provide
 subject to limited exceptions
 that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive
forum for certain stockholder litigation matters
 which could limit BRAC&rsquo;s stockholders&rsquo; ability to obtain a favorable
judicial forum for disputes with it or BRAC&rsquo;s directors
 officers
 employees or stockholders.


requires
 to the fullest extent permitted by law
 that derivative actions brought in BRAC&rsquo;s name
 actions against directors
officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the
State of Delaware and
 if brought outside of Delaware
 the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service
of process on such stockholder&rsquo;s counsel. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of
BRAC&rsquo;s capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in BRAC&rsquo;s amended and
restated certificate of incorporation.


ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of BRAC&rsquo;s directors
 officers
other employees or stockholders
 which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively
 if a court were to find
the choice of forum provision contained in BRAC&rsquo;s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or
unenforceable in an action
 BRAC may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions
 which
could harm BRAC&rsquo;s business
 operating results and financial condition.


If BRAC consummates a business combination with a target business in the energy industry
 BRAC would be subject to the risks attendant
to such industry.


with a target business in the energy industry
 BRAC would be subject to all of the risks attendant to such industry
 including
among others:


fluctuations in energy prices causing a reduction in the demand or profitability of the products or services BRAC may ultimately
produce or offer;

fluctuations in energy prices causing a reduction in the demand or profitability of the products or services BRAC may ultimately
produce or offer;





failure to comply with governmental regulations resulting in the imposition of penalties
 fines or restrictions on operations
and remedial liabilities.






    
    












are located at 110 North Fifth Street
 Suite 410
 Minneapolis
 Minnesota 55403. Our office space consists of approximately 2
786
square feet leased pursuant to an annual lease agreement that commenced on July 1
 2016 and continued on a month-to-month basis
beginning July 1
 2017.




performing any significant product research and development under our plan of operation.




have any delivery commitments under our plan of operation.





we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However
 litigation
is subject to inherent uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm
our business. We are not presently a party to any material litigation
 nor to the knowledge of management is any litigation threatened
against us
 which may materially affect us.



















    
    




ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S
COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
 AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES




currently quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;ANFC.&rdquo;


reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail markup
 mark-down
 or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.


&nbsp;2019
there were approximately 1
900 record holders of our common stock
 not including shares held in &ldquo;street name&rdquo; in brokerage
accounts which is unknown. As of March 15
&nbsp;2019
 there were 479
844
900 shares of common stock outstanding on record.

Equity Compensation Plan
Information


&nbsp;2012
the 2012&nbsp;Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (the 2012 Plan) was approved by our Board and the holders of a majority
of our outstanding shares
 replacing the Ante5
&nbsp;Inc. 2010&nbsp;Stock Incentive Plan. Amongst other things
 the 2012 Plan increased
the number of shares reserved under the Plan to a total of 7
500
000 shares of our common stock. The following table sets forth
certain information regarding the 2012 Plan as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2018:



    
 to be issued 
upon exercise of 
outstanding stock options
    
    
 exercise price 
of outstanding
 stock options
    
    
 remaining available
 for future issuance 
under the 2012 Plan

7
020
000
    
    
    
420
000



years ended December&nbsp;31
 2018 and 2017
 we issued no stock options pursuant to the 2012 Plan. There were 73
800 and
49
700 options cancelled during the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.


December 12
&nbsp;2016
 the 2016 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (&ldquo;the 2016 Plan&rdquo;) was approved by our Board.
Amongst other things
 the 2016 Plan authorized a total of 3
813
500 shares of our common stock. The following table sets
forth certain information regarding our 2016 Plan as of December&nbsp;31
 2018:



    
                                                                               
 outstanding stock options
    
    
exercise price 
of outstanding
 stock options
    
    
 remaining available
 for future issuance
 under the 2016 Plan

3
763
500
    
    
    
50
000



ended December&nbsp;31
 2018 and 2017
 we issued no stock options pursuant to the 2016 Plan.




warrants to purchase -0- and 435
000 shares of registered or unregistered common stock for the fiscal years ended
December&nbsp;31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. There were no warrants forfeited or expired during the years
ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2018 and 2017. There were 45
000 and -0- warrants exercised during the years ended
December&nbsp;31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. A total of 390
000 warrants are outstanding as of December 31
2018.





    
    





the Company&rsquo;s registered distribution of subscription rights to shareholders for the purchase of shares of common stock (the
&ldquo;Rights Offering&rdquo;)
 the Company entered into a Standby Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Backstop Agreement&rdquo;) with
a consortium of investors
 including members of the Company&rsquo;s board of directors and our Chief Executive Officer (collectively
the &ldquo;Backstop Purchasers&rdquo;). On September 26
 2017
 the Company closed the backstop offering transaction pursuant to
which the Backstop Purchasers purchased 232
008
489 shares (the &ldquo;Backstop Shares&rdquo;) at a purchase price of $0.012 per
share for total proceeds of $2
784
102. In addition
 the Backstop Purchasers received 435
000 five-year warrants to purchase shares
of common stock at an exercise price of $0.01 per share (the &ldquo;Backstop Warrants&rdquo;) in exchange for their participation
in the Backstop Agreement. The Backstop Shares and Backstop Warrants were issued to the Backstop Purchasers by the Company in a
private placement transaction not involving any public offering in reliance on the exemption available under Section 4(a)(2) and
Rule 506 of Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;). The Company filed a registration
statement on Form S-1 with the SEC to register the resale of the Backstop Shares and the shares underlying the Backstop Warrants
(the &ldquo;Resale Registration Statement&rdquo;) which was declared effective by the SEC on February 9
 2018.

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL
DATA.



ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes to those statements. In addition to historical information
the following discussion and other parts of this annual report contain forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties.




2012
 we changed our name to Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. Our common stock is still quoted on the OTCQB under the trading symbol
&ldquo;ANFC.&rdquo;

The
Company is focused on acquiring
 investing in
 and managing the oil and gas assets for our partners. We continue to pursue asset
acquisitions in all major onshore unconventional shale formations that may be acquired with capital from our existing joint venture
partners or other capital providers. Additionally
 as the sponsor and manager of Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. (&ldquo;BRAC&rdquo;)

 share exchange
 asset acquisition
or other similar business combination.




Registration Statement on Form S-1 (the &ldquo;Registration Statement&rdquo;) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) to register the issuance of 431
819
910 shares of common stock in the Rights Offering that was declared effective
by the SEC on August 3
 2017. Pursuant to the Rights Offering
 the Company distributed
 on a pro rata basis
 one right for each
share of common stock owned by shareholders on August 2
 2017 (the &ldquo;Record Date&rdquo;). Each right permitted a shareholder
to purchase up to nine shares of common stock at a subscription price of $0.012 per share. The Rights Offering expired on September
8
 2017 (the &ldquo;Expiration Date&rdquo;).


Rights Offering the Company also entered into the Backstop Agreement with the Backstop Purchasers
 who agreed to purchase up to
$2.9 million of the unsubscribed shares following the completion of the rights offering.


 2017
the Company finalized the Rights Offering and Backstop Agreement
 and issued 431
819
910 shares raising gross proceeds of $5
181
839.
Under the Rights Offering the Company&rsquo;s current shareholders exercised rights to purchase 199
811
421 shares of stock for
a total of $2
397
737. Under the Backstop Agreement
 the Backstop Purchasers purchased 232
008
489 shares of stock for a total
of $2
784
102. Additionally as part of Backstop Agreement; the Company issued 435
000 warrants to purchase its common stock at
$0.01 for participants in the Backstop Agreement. We incurred $130
164 in costs associated with raising the capital in Rights Offering
and Backstop Agreement which were charged directly to stockholder&rsquo;s equity.





    
    



18
 2017 the Company used $4
450
000 of the net proceeds of the Rights Offering to fulfill its obligation as sponsor of BRAC as
part of BRAC&rsquo;s initial public offering (IPO). BRAC was formed on May 9
 2017 with the purpose of becoming the special acquisition
company as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. After the IPO
 the Company retained ownership of 22% of BRAC&rsquo;s common
stock. The remaining proceeds from the Rights Offering following the sponsorship are intended to be used for general corporate
purposes which may include other investments and acquisitions.


that BRAC
 following its IPO
 is a variable interest entity (&ldquo;VIE&rdquo;) and that the Company is the primary beneficiary
of the VIE. The Company determined that
 due to the redemption feature associated with the IPO shares
 that the IPO shareholders
are indirectly protected from the operating expenses of BRAC and it has the power to direct the activities of BRAC through the
date at which BRAC affords the stockholders the opportunity to vote to approve a proposed business combination. Therefore
 the
financial statements contain the operations of the BRAC from its inception on May 9
 2017. BRAC&rsquo;s IPO shareholders are reflected
as a non-controlling interest. All significant inter-company transactions have been eliminated.




 2018
 BRAC entered into
an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the &ldquo;Merger Agreement&rdquo;) with Black Ridge Merger Sub
 Corp.
 a Delaware corporation
and wholly-owned subsidiary of BRAC&rsquo;s (&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;)
 Allied Esports Entertainment
 Inc. (&ldquo;Allied Esports&rdquo;)
Ourgame International Holdings Ltd. (&ldquo;Ourgame&rdquo;)
 Noble Link Global Limited
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ourgame (&ldquo;Noble&rdquo;)
and Primo Vital Ltd.
 also a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ourgame (&ldquo;Primo&rdquo;).


 (i) Noble will
merge with and into Allied Esports (the &ldquo;Redomestication Merger&rdquo;) with Allied Esports being the surviving entity in
such merger and (ii) immediately after the Redomestication Merger
 Merger Sub will merge with and into Allied Esports with Allied
Esports being the surviving entity of such merger (the &ldquo;Transaction Merger&rdquo; and together with the Redomestication Merger
the &ldquo;Mergers&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Proposed Business Combination&rdquo;) and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of BRAC.


BRAC will issue to the former owners of Allied Esports and WPT Enterprises
 Inc. (&ldquo;WPT&rdquo;) (i) an aggregate of 11
602
754
shares of BRAC&rsquo;s common stock and (ii) an aggregate of 3
800
003 warrants to purchase shares of BRAC&rsquo;s common stock.


above
 the former owners of Allied Esports and WPT will be entitled to receive their pro rata portion of an aggregate of an additional
3
846
153 shares of BRAC&rsquo;s common stock if the last sales price of BRAC&rsquo;s common stock equals or exceeds $13.00 per
share (as adjusted for stock splits
 stock dividends
 reorganizations and recapitalizations) for thirty (30) consecutive days at
any time during the five (5) year period commencing on the date of the Closing (the &ldquo;Closing Date&rdquo;).


two of Ourgame&rsquo;s global esports and entertainment assets
 Allied Esports and WPT. Allied Esports is a premier esports entertainment
company with a global network of dedicated esports properties and content production facilities. WPT is the creator of the World
Poker Tour&reg; (WPT&reg;) &ndash; the premier name in internationally televised gaming and entertainment with brand presence in
land-based tournaments
 television
 online and mobile. The proposed transaction will seek to strategically combine the globally
recognized Allied Esports brand with the three-pronged business model of the iconic World Poker Tour
 featuring in-person experiences
multiplatform content and interactive services
 to leverage the high-growth opportunities in the global esports industry.


by the Merger Agreement is subject to customary conditions and covenants of the respective parties
 including approval of BRAC&rsquo;s
stockholders and BRAC having cash on hand of at least $80 million. Further information regarding the Proposed Business Combination
the proposed business of the combined company following consummation of the Proposed Business Combination and the risks related
to the proposed business of the combined company following consummation of the Proposed Business Combination can be found in BRAC&rsquo;s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20
 2018
 the preliminary proxy statement
filed by BRAC with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the definitive proxy statement to be filed by BRAC with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. Unless otherwise indicated
 the information in this Report assumes BRAC will not consummate the Proposed
Business Combination and will be forced to seek an alternative target with which to consummate an initial business combination.





    
    





 2018
 the Company entered
into an agreement to modify the terms of the Settlement Agreement and Release entered into as of September 27
 2012 between the
Company
 Peerless Media
 Ltd. and ElectraWorks
 Ltd.. Based on the new agreement
 the Company received $2.25 million and agreed
to terminate its rights to any additional payments under the original Settlement Agreement. The Company also paid a 5% fee of $112
500
to a former officer as part of an agreement with the former officer related to the 2012 settlement agreement.




2018 our cash balance was $1
503
500. We will continue to have general and administrative expenses to remain a public company and
continue with our business plan. The cash on hand would be insufficient to cover our current cash needs over the next year.


sources of additional capital through various financing transactions or arrangements
 including joint venturing of projects
 equity
financing or other means. We may not be successful in identifying suitable funding transactions in a sufficient time period or
at all
 and we may not obtain the capital we require by other means. If we do not succeed in raising additional capital
 our resources
may not be sufficient to fund our business.


independent registered public accounting firm that accompanies its audited consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report
on Form&nbsp;10-K contains an explanatory paragraph regarding the substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue
as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
the going concern uncertainty.

Cancellation of Management Services
Agreement and Sale of BRHC Assets


 2017
 we
were notified by Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC (&ldquo;BRHC&rdquo;) of their termination of our Management Services Agreement
and that they had finalized the sale of BRHC&rsquo;s oil and gas assets to a third party. BRHC was formed by the Company in 2016
to contribute and assign to BRHC
 all of the Company&rsquo;s oil and gas assets and related debt as part of a debt restructuring
and was managed by the Company under a management services agreement. On April 3
 BRHC signed a Contribution Agreement that provides
for the transfer of ownership and title of all oil and gas assets held by BRHC in exchange for preferred membership interest in
the acquiring LLC (the &ldquo;BRHC Sale&rdquo;). Consistent with the terms of the Management Services Agreement
 we were paid for
our management services through June 30
 2017.


 Chambers Energy Capital II
LP and CEC II TE
 LLC (together with Chambers Energy Capital II
 LP the &ldquo;Chambers Affiliates&rdquo;) as the members of BRHC
agreed to dissolve and wind up BRHC and filed a Certificate of Cancellation under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act as
of October 3
 2017. On October 2
 2017
 the Company entered into an agreement with the Chambers Affiliates whereby certain assets
distributed to the Company upon the dissolution and winding up of BRHC effective as of October 1
 2017
 were sold to the Chambers
Affiliates in exchange for cash consideration of $1
078
394. Additionally
 cash and receivables totaling $4
645 in value were distributed
directly to the Company from BRHC.




largely dominated by managing BRAC. Our attention was focused on managing BRAC and our search for potential business combination
candidates for BRAC.


expenses remained relatively consistent throughout 2018
 driven primarily by salaries and benefits amounting to $1
199
729
 with
an increase toward the end of 2018 due to legal and consulting costs within BRAC related to its proposed business combination.


 we received
settlement income
 net of related settlement expenses
 of $2
137
500 related to the settlement of the contingent portion of a 2012
settlement agreement.


we had income within BRAC&rsquo;s Trust Account of interest and unrealized gains totaling $2
540
851.





    
    





analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements
 which have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate our estimates
 including those related
to impairment of property
 plant and equipment
 intangible assets
 deferred tax assets and fair value computation using the Black
Scholes option pricing model. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
 such as the trading
value of our common stock and estimated future undiscounted cash flows
 that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily
apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe
that our estimates
 including those for the above-described items
 are reasonable.




consistent application of accounting policies is a vital component of accurately and fairly presenting our financial statements
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP)
 as well as ensuring compliance with applicable
laws and regulations governing financial reporting. While there are rarely alternative methods or rules from which to select in
establishing accounting and financial reporting policies
 proper application often involves significant judgment regarding a given
set of facts and circumstances and a complex series of decisions.




are recognized for temporary differences in financial statement and tax basis amounts that will result in deductible amounts and
carry-forwards in future years. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for temporary differences that will result in taxable amounts
in future years. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax law and tax rate(s) for the year in which we
expect the temporary differences to be deducted or settled. The effect of a change in tax law or rates on the valuation of deferred
tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period of enactment. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance
when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized. Significant future taxable income would be required to realize this net tax asset.


of the valuation allowance is dependent on estimates of future taxable income
 alternative minimum tax income
 and changes in shareholder
ownership that would trigger limits on use of net operating losses under Internal Revenue Code Section 382.




investments
 accounts receivable and accounts payable are stated at cost which approximates fair value due to the short-term nature
of these instruments. In January&nbsp;2010
 the FASB issued an amendment to the accounting standards related to the disclosures
about an entity&rsquo;s use of fair value measurements. Among these amendments
 entities are required to provide enhanced disclosures
about transfers into and out of the Level&nbsp;1 (fair value determined based on quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets and liabilities) and Level&nbsp;2 (fair value determined based on significant other observable inputs) classifications
provide separate disclosures about purchases
 sales
 issuances and settlements relating to the tabular reconciliation of beginning
and ending balances of the Level&nbsp;3 (fair value determined based on significant unobservable inputs) classification and provide
greater disaggregation for each class of assets and liabilities that use fair value measurements.




accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 management utilizes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.





    
    


Results of Operations for the Years
Ended December 31
 2018 and 2017.


summarizes selected items from the statement of operations for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2018 and 2017.



    


    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
1
000
000
(1
000
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
199
729
1
321
995
(122
266

    
310
731
574
851
(264
120

    
473
074
176
155
296
919

    
586
588
368
647
217
941

    
2
570
122
2
441
648
128
474

    
9
472
10
848
(1
376

    
2
579
594
2
452
496
127
098

    
    
    
    

    
(2
579
594
(1
452
496
(1
127
098

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
2
474
344
355
338
2
119
006

    
66
507
(64
985
131
492

    
2
250
000
    
2
250
000

    
(112
500
    
(112
500

    
    
(4
714
4
714

    
    
(8
713
8
713

    
    
1
030
145
(1
030
145

    
1
996
    
    

    
4
680
347
1
307
071
3
373
276

    
    
    
    

    
2
100
753
(145
425
2
246
178

    
    
    
    

    
(575
873
(67
044
(508
829

    
    
    
    

    
1
524
880
(212
469
1
737
349

    
(1
868
894
(180
060
(1
688
834

    
    
    
    


 Inc.
(344
014
(392
529
48
515





no management fees in 2018. The 2017 management fees represent fees of $1
000
000 that were from BRHC prior to the cancellation
of the BRHC Management Services Agreement effective June 30
 2017.





    
    







for the year ended December 31
 2018 were $1
199
729 compared to $1
321
995 for the year ended December 31
 2017
 a decrease of
$122
266 or 9%. The decrease in salaries and benefits was primarily due to a headcount decrease towards the latter part of 2017
and another employee went to half time in the last half of 2018
 offset by increased health benefit costs. There were no base salary
changes in 2018 or 2017.




expense for the year ended December 31
 2018 was $310
731 compared to $574
851 for year ended December 31
 2017
 a decrease of
$264
120 or 8%. The decrease was attributed to options issued in previous years reaching the end of their amortization period.
No options were issued in 2017 or 2018.




expenses related to professional services from continuing operations were $473
074 for 2018 compared $176
155 for 2017
 an increase
of $296
919 or 169%. The increase primarily relates to professional service costs associated with BRAC which are up $342
693. BRAC
incorporated May 9
 2017 and was a public company for less than three months in 2017. Further
 professional service costs accelerated
in the fourth quarter at BRAC due to legal and other cost related to its proposed business combination. Professional service expenses
were down $45
774 at BROG
 comparing 2018 to 2017
 as legal and accounting costs associated with the sale of Black Ridge Holding
Company and becoming a Sponsor of BRAC in 2017 were not incurred in 2018.




expenses for the year ended December 31
 2018 were $586
588 compared to $368
647 for year ended December 31
 2017
 an increase
of $217
941
 or 59%. The increase is again attributable to increased expenses at BRAC which was operating for a full year as a
public company in 2018 as compared to 2017 when the Company was incorporated May 9
 2017 and had its IPO on October 10
 2017.




for the year ended December 31
 2018 was $9
472
 compared to $10
848 for year ended December 31
 2017
 the decrease attributable
to certain equipment becoming fully amortized.






$2
474
344 and $355
338 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 representing interest income on the restricted cash and
marketable securities in the trust account of BRAC. The increase primarily due to the length of time the IPO proceeds were deposited
in the trust account and supplemented by increasing yields on treasury securities throughout 2018. The trust account was funded
in October of 2017 and the funds have remained there for the balance of 2017 and all of 2018.

Unrealized gain (loss) on marketable
securities


unrealized gain on marketable securities of $66
507 in 2018 and an unrealized loss on marketable securities of $64
985 in 2017
representing fluctuations on the mark-to-market value of the marketable securities held in the trust fund of BRAC.





    
    


Settlement income
 net


income
 net of related settlement expense of $2
137
500 resulting from the final settlement of the contingent portion of a 2012
settlement agreement.




property and equipment in 2017 relates to the sale of equipment used for trade shows with a basis of $6
874 for net proceeds of
$2
160
 resulting in a loss of $4
714.




expense in 2018. Interest expense in 2017 was $8
713 related to $500
000 promissory note to our lender for the period from July
7 to September 14
 including loan origination fees and related costs charged directly to interest expense.





873 and
$67
044 of tax expense for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 representing the tax expense associated with
BRAC
 which is a stand-alone entity for tax purposes and has net taxable income primarily resulting from income on the trust account
assets. The Company continues to reserve against any deferred tax assets of BROG due to the uncertainty of realization of any benefit.




summarizes our total current assets
 liabilities and working capital at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2018 and&nbsp;2017.



    



    
    
    

    
1
557
448
1
566
195

    
    
    

    
659
351
186
677

    
    
    

    
898
097
1
379
518



 2018 we had
positive working capital of $898
097.


summarizes our cash flows during the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2018 and&nbsp;2017
 respectively.



    



    
    
    

    
(187
936
(792
276

    
213
897
(137
606
453

    
    
139
809
549

    
    
    

    
26
411
1
410
820






    
    



activities was $187
936 and $792
276 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2018 and&nbsp;2017
 respectively
 a year over year
decrease of $604
340. Cash generated from management fee income decreased $1
000
000 from $1
000
000 in 2017 to $-0- in 2018. The
primary offset to the management fee income was the difference in the increase in the income tax payable of $301
126 ($387
048
in 2018 versus $85
722 in 2017). The increase in general and administrative expenses of $128
474 accounts for the majority of the
remaining difference.


investing activities was $213
897 and net cash used in investing activities was $137
606
453 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2018
and 2017
 respectively. In 2018
 we withdrew $213
897 from BRAC&rsquo;s restricted trust account to pay for income taxes and franchise
fees. In 2017
 we deposited $138
690
000 into BRAC&rsquo;s restricted trust account to be held for potential redeeming IPO shareholders
in BRAC&rsquo;s IPO offset by the receipt of cash proceeds of $1
081
387 from the sale of our interest in Black Ridge Holding Company
LLC.


financing activities was $450 and $139
809
549 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2018 and&nbsp;2017
 respectively. In
2018 we received $450 from warrant exercises. In 2017
 we received $134
757
874
 net of offering costs
 from BRAC&rsquo;s IPO and
we received $5
051
675
 net of $130
164 of offering costs
 from the sale of stock in the Rights Offering and related Backstop Agreement.
In 2017
 the Company borrowed
 and subsequently repaid
 $500
000 under a promissory note.

Cancellation of Management Services
Agreement and Sale of BRHC Assets


 2017
 we
were notified by Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC (&ldquo;BRHC&rdquo;) of its termination of our Management Services Agreement
and that they had finalized the sale of BRHC&rsquo;s oil and gas assets to a third party. On April 3
 BRHC signed a Contribution
Agreement that provides for the transfer of ownership and title of all oil and gas assets held by BRHC in exchange for preferred
membership interest in the acquiring LLC (the &ldquo;BRHC Sale&rdquo;). Consistent with the terms of the Management Services Agreement
we were paid for our management services through June 30
 2017. BRHC was formed by the Company in 2016 to contribute and assign
to BRHC
 all of the Company&rsquo;s oil and gas assets and related debt as part of a debt restructuring and was managed by the
Company under a management services agreement.


 Chambers
Energy Capital II
 LP and CEC II TE
 LLC (together with Chambers Energy Capital II
 LP the &ldquo;Chambers Affiliates&rdquo;) as
the members of BRHC agreed to dissolve and wind up BRHC and filed a Certificate of Cancellation under the Delaware Limited Liability
Company Act as of October 3
 2017. On October 2
 2017
 the Company entered into an agreement with the Chambers Affiliates whereby
certain assets distributed to the Company upon the dissolution and winding up of BRHC effective as of October 1
 2017 were sold
to the Chambers Affiliates in exchange for cash consideration of $1
078
394. Additionally
 cash and receivables totaling $4
645
in value were distributed directly to the Company from BRHC.

Satisfaction of our cash obligations
for the next 12 months


&nbsp;2018
 our balance of cash and cash
equivalents was $1
503
500. We expect to incur significant costs related to a potential business combination which will put a strain
on our cash resources. Our plan for satisfying our cash requirements for the next twelve months is through cash on hand
 additional
management service fees generated from new partners and additional financing in the form of equity or debt as needed.




significant effects from inflation and pricing.




obligations and commitments as of December&nbsp;31
 2018 to make future payments under contracts.

Summary of product and research and development that we
will perform for the term of our plan


significant research and development expenditures in the future.





    
    





the purchase or sale of any plant or significant equipment as such items are not required by us at this time.




&nbsp;2018
we had seven employees
 our chief executive officer
 Kenneth DeCubellis
 our chief financial officer
 James Moe
 our chief operating
officer
 Michael Eisele and four other employees. Currently
 there are no organized labor agreements or union agreements and we
do not anticipate any in the future.


to replace and expand the assets we have under management
 we may need to hire additional employees. In the interim
 we intend
to use the services of independent consultants and contractors to perform various professional services when appropriate. We believe
the use of third-party service providers may enhance our ability to control general and administrative expenses and operate efficiently.




off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
revenues
 expenses
 results of operations liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK




significant effects from commodity price risk.




entering into any transactions that would expose us to any direct interest rate risk.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA OF BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.






    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018
AND 2017







    
    


    
    


Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
    


    
    


Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
    


    
    


Consolidated Statement of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
    


    
    


Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
    


    
    


    
    





















    
    




REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM




 Inc.




sheets of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (the Company) as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 and the related statements of income
comprehensive income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31
2018
 and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion
 the financial
statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2018
 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.




of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.


to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.


been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements
 the
Company suffered a net loss from operations and negative cash flows from operations
 which raises substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. Management's plans regarding those matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

M&amp;K
CPAS
 PLLC

We have
served as the Company&rsquo;s auditor since 2010.

Houston
TX

March
22
 2019





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.





    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
503
500
1
477
089

    
    
1
611

    
53
935
68
817

    
    
18
678

    
1
557
448
1
566
195

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
128
156
128
156

    
(126
931
(117
459


 net
1
225
10
697

    
    
    

    
141
307
307
138
980
353

    
142
865
980
140
557
245

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
180
452
91
186

    
5
691
9
769

    
472
770
85
722

    
    
    

    
659
351
186
677

    
    
    

    
659
351
186
677

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
140
738
954
138
870
060

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value
 20
000
000 shares authorized
 no shares issued and

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 $0.001 par value
 500
000
000 shares authorized
 479
844
900 and 479
799
900
    shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2018 and 2017

    
    


    
    
    


    


    
36
475
732
36
164
596

    
(35
487
902
(35
143
888

    
1
467
675
1
500
508

    
    
    


 stockholders' equity and redeemable non-controlling interest
142
865
980
140
557
245




of these financial statements.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.





    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
1
000
000

    
    
1
000
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
199
729
1
321
995

    
310
731
574
851

    
473
074
176
155

    
586
588
368
647

    
2
570
122
2
441
648

    
9
472
10
848

    
2
579
594
2
452
496

    
    
    

    
(2
579
594
(1
452
496

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
474
344
355
338

    
66
507
(64
985

    
2
250
000
    

    
(112
500
    

    
    
(4
714

    
    
(8
713

    
    
1
030
145

    
1
996
    

    
4
680
347
1
307
071

    
    
    

    
2
100
753
(145
425

    
    
    

    
(575
873
(67
044

    
    
    

    
1
524
880
(212
469

    
(1
868
894
(180
060

    
    
    


 Inc.
(344
014
(392
529

    
    
    

    
479
816
790
160
970
732

    
    
    

    
    
    




of these financial statements.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS'
EQUITY




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31

    
    
47
979
990
47
980
34
902
016
(34
751
359
198
637
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
574
851
    
574
851
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
199
811
421
199
811
2
067
762
    
2
267
573
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
232
008
489
232
009
2
552
093
    
2
784
102
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
(3
932
126
    
(3
932
126
138
690
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
(392
529
(392
529
180
060

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31

    
    
479
799
900
479
800
36
164
596
(35
143
888
1
500
508
138
870
060

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
310
731
    
310
731
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
45
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
(344
014
(344
014
1
868
894

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31

    
    
479
844
900
479
845
36
475
732
(35
487
902
1
467
675
140
738
954




of these financial statements.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.





    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    


 Inc.
(344
014
(392
529



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
9
472
10
848


 LLC
    
(1
030
145

    
    
4
714

    
310
731
574
851

    
(2
474
344
(355
338

    
(66
507
64
985

    
19
116
(18
678

    
1
868
894
180
060

    
    
    

    
1
598
    

    
14
882
18
075

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
89
266
69
623

    
(4
078
(5
229

    
387
048
85
722

    
(187
936
(792
276

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
(138
690
000


 LLC
    
1
081
387

    
213
897
    

    
    
2
160

    
213
897
(137
606
453

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of offering costs
    
2
965
555


 net of offering costs
    
2
086
120


 net of offering costs
    
134
757
874

    
    
500
000

    
    
(500
000

    
    
139
809
549

    
    
    

    
26
411
1
410
820

    
1
477
089
66
269

    
1
503
500
1
477
089

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
8
713

    
169
709
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
3
932
126


 LLC
    
1
611




of these financial statements.





    
    



BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS



of Business


 2012
 Ante5
 Inc. changed
its corporate name to Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 and continues to be quoted on the OTCQB under the trading symbol &ldquo;ANFC&rdquo;.
Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (formerly Ante5
 Inc.) (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) became an independent company in April 2010.
We became a publicly traded company when our shares began trading on July 1
 2010. Since October&nbsp;2010
 we had been engaged
in the business of acquiring oil and gas leases and participating in the drilling of wells in the Bakken and Three Forks trends
in North Dakota and Montana.

The
Company is focused on acquiring
 investing in
 and managing the oil and gas assets for our partners. We continue to pursue asset
acquisitions in all major onshore unconventional shale formations that may be acquired with capital from our existing joint venture
partners or other capital providers. 


 2017
 the Company finalized
an equity raise utilizing a rights offering and backstop agreement
 raising net proceeds of $5
051
675 and issuing 431
819
910
shares. The proceeds were used to sponsor the Company&rsquo;s obligations in sponsoring a special purpose acquisition company
discussed below
 with the remainder for general corporate purposes.

On
October 10
 2017
 the Company&rsquo;s sponsored special purpose acquisition company
 Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. (&ldquo;BRAC&rdquo;)
completed an initial public offering (&ldquo;IPO&rdquo;) raising $138
000
000 of gross proceeds (including proceeds from the exercise
of an over-allotment option by the underwriters on October 18
 2017). In addition
 the Company purchased 445
000 BRAC units at
$10.00 per unit in a private placement transaction for a total contribution of $4
450
000 in order to fulfill its obligations in

 share exchange
 asset acquisition
stock purchase
 recapitalization
 reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities.
BRAC&rsquo;s efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region.
Following the initial public offering and over-allotment
 the Company owns 22% of the outstanding common stock of BRAC and manages
BRAC&rsquo;s operations via a management services agreement.

Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis
of Accounting

the accrual method of accounting as generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) and the rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC).



statements include the accounts of the following entities:



    
    
    
    
    

Black Ridge Oil and Gas
 Inc.
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


Wholly-owned subsidiary through
October 10
 2017
 the date of BRAC&rsquo;s IPO
 following which it is consolidated as a variable interest entity.


 following
its IPO
 is a variable interest entity (&ldquo;VIE&rdquo;) and that the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The Company
determined that
 due to the redemption feature associated with the IPO shares
 that the IPO shareholders are indirectly protected
from the operating expenses of BRAC and it has the power to direct the activities of BRAC through the date at which BRAC affords
the stockholders the opportunity to vote to approve a proposed business combination. Therefore
 these consolidated financial statements
herein contain the operations of the BRAC from its inception on May 9
 2017. BRAC&rsquo;s IPO shareholders are reflected in our
Consolidated Financial Statements as a non-controlling interest. The non-controlling interest was recorded at fair value on October
10
 2017
 with an addition on October 18
 2017 as a result of the underwriters&rsquo; exercise of their over-allotment option.
All significant inter-company transactions have been eliminated in the preparation of these financial statements.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS



 Black Ridge Oil &amp;
Gas
 Inc. and Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. will be collectively referred to herein as the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; or &ldquo;Black
Ridge&rdquo;. The Company&rsquo;s headquarters is in Minneapolis
 Minnesota and substantially all of its operations are in the
United States.



interim reporting for an enterprise&rsquo;s operating segments and related disclosures about its products
 services
 geographic
areas and major customers. An operating segment is defined as a component of an enterprise that engages in business activities
from which it may earn revenues and expenses
 and about which separate financial information is regularly evaluated by the chief
operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources. The Company operates as a single segment and will evaluate additional
segment disclosure requirements as it expands its operations.

Use
of Estimates

in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.



of assets in the oil and gas industry. The oil and gas industry is subject
 by its nature
 to environmental hazards and clean-up
costs. At this time
 management knows of no substantial losses from environmental accidents or events which would have a material
effect on the Company.



which have maturities of three months or less. For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 all highly liquid investments with
an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are stated at cost plus accrued
interest
 which approximates market value. The Company had no cash equivalents on hand as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2018 and December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017.

Restricted cash and securities held
in Trust Account

 2018 and 2017
 $2
312
and $39
742 of cash
 respectively
 and $141
304
995 and $138
940
611
 respectively
 of marketable securities were held in the Trust
Account which is restricted for the benefit of the BRAC&rsquo;s IPO shareholders to be available for those shareholders in the
event they elect to redeem their shares following an approved business combination or the upon dissolution of BRAC. The Company
may withdraw funds from the trust account to pay for BRAC&rsquo;s income taxes and franchise fees.



deposit accounts which
 at times
 may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (FDIC) up to $250
000 under current regulations. The Company had approximately $1
119
770 and $977
089 in excess of
FDIC insured limits at December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. As of December 31
 2018
 the Company had not experienced losses
on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts.



and liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted
tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be recovered. The Company provides a
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to be more likely than not.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS



 2017 the U.S. Tax Cuts
and Jobs Act of 2017 (&ldquo;Tax Reform&rdquo;) was signed into law. As a result of Tax Reform
 the U.S. statutory rate was lowered
from 35% to 21% effective January 1
 2018
 among other changes. ASC Topic 740 requires companies to recognize the effect of tax
law changes in the period of enactment; therefore
 the Company was required to value its deferred tax assets and liabilities at
December 31
 2017 at the new rate. The SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (&ldquo;SAB 108&rdquo;) to address the application
of GAAP in situations when a registrant does not have the necessary information available
 prepared or analyzed (including computations)
in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain effects of Tax Reform. The ultimate impact may differ from the provisional
amount
 possibly materially
 as a result of additional analysis
 changes in interpretations and assumptions the Company has made
additional regulatory guidance that may be issued and actions the Company may take as a result of Tax Reform.



 the Financial
Accounting Standards Board establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles and expands
disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement reaffirms that fair value is the relevant measurement attribute. The
adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements as reflected herein. The carrying
amounts of cash
 accounts payable and accrued expenses reported on the balance sheets are estimated by management to approximate
fair value primarily due to the short term nature of the instruments. The Company had no items that required fair value measurement
on a recurring basis.



cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of three to seven years. Expenditures for
replacements
 renewals
 and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Long-lived
assets are evaluated for impairment to determine if current circumstances and market conditions indicate the carrying amount may
not be recoverable. The Company has not recognized any impairment losses on long-lived assets related to continuing operations.
Depreciation expense was $9
472 and $10
848 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.



came from management fees earned through its management services agreement with Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC (&ldquo;BRHC&rdquo;).
Revenues were earned prior to June 30
 2017 from its management services agreement with BRHC
 which was cancelled by BRHC effective
June 30
 2017.



as services are provided.

Basic and Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per
Share

are computed by dividing net income (the numerator) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period
(the denominator). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares and potential
common shares outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. Potential common shares include stock options
 warrants and restricted
stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options
 warrants and restricted stock is computed using
the treasury stock method.


used to calculate basic EPS and diluted EPS for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2018 and 2017 are as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
479
816
790
160
970
732

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
479
816
790
160
970
732






    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS



 potential dilutive securities
had an anti-dilutive effect and were not included in the calculation of diluted net loss per common share. Stock options and warrants
excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS because their effect was anti-dilutive were 11
173
500 and 11
292
300 of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2018
and 2017
 respectively.

Stock-Based
Compensation

 all share-based
payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 are to be recognized in the income statement based on their
fair values. Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative. Amortization of the fair values of stock options issued for services
and compensation totaled $310
731 and $574
851 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2018 and&nbsp;2017
 respectively. The
fair values of stock options were determined using the Black-Scholes options pricing model and an effective term of 6 to 6.5 years
based on the weighted average of the vesting periods and the stated term of the option grants and the discount rate on 5 to 7 year
U.S. Treasury securities at the grant date and are being amortized over the related implied service term
 or vesting period.



 &ldquo;Income
Taxes&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC 740&rdquo;)
 the Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more
likely than not that the tax position will be capable of withstanding examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical
merits of the position. These standards prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement
recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. These standards also provide guidance
on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure
 and transition.


audit the Company&rsquo;s income tax returns. These audits include questions regarding the Company&rsquo;s tax filing positions
including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions. In evaluating the exposures
connected with these various tax filing positions
 including state and local taxes
 the Company records allowances for probable
exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter
 for which an allowance has been established
 is audited and
fully resolved. The Company has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities.


position relies on the judgment of management to estimate the exposures associated with the Company&rsquo;s various filing positions.



new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&quot;FASB&quot;) that are adopted by the
Company as of the specified effective date. If not discussed
 management believes that the impact of recently issued standards
which are not yet effective
 will not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements upon adoption.


 2016
 the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-15


is effective for periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this standard on
January 1
 2018 and anticipates it will not have a material impact on its financial statements and related disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-18
. This guidance standardizes the presentation of changes to restricted cash on the statement of
cash flows by requiring that a statement of cash flows explain the change during the period in the total of cash
 cash equivalents
and amount generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. The provisions of this standard are effective
for annual reporting periods
 and interim reporting periods contained therein
 beginning after December 15
 2017
 and early adoption
is permitted. The Company adopted this guidance effective January 1
 2018 and applied it retrospectively
 and the standard did
not have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s combined financial statements and related disclosures





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS



 the FASB issued ASU No.
2017-01
 (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business
 which clarifies the definition of a
business to provide guidance in evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets
or businesses. ASU 2017-01 provides a screen to determine when a set of assets is not a business
 requiring that when substantially
all fair value of gross assets acquired (or disposed of) is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable
assets
 the set of assets is not a business. A framework is provided to assist in evaluating whether both an input and a substantive
process are present for the set to be a business. ASU 2017-01 is effective for periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 including
interim periods within those annual periods. No disclosures are required at transition and early adoption is permitted. The Company
adopted this standard on January 1
 2018 and will apply this guidance to future business combinations.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-09
 (Topic 718); Scope of Modification Accounting. The amendments in this ASU provide
guidance that clarifies when changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award must be accounted for as modifications.
If the value
 vesting conditions or classification of the award changes
 modification accounting will apply. The guidance is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted this guidance
effective January 1
 2018
 and the standard did not have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s combined financial statements
and related disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-07
 (Topic 718) - Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting
 which
simplifies accounting for share-based payment transactions resulting for acquiring goods and services from nonemployees. ASU 2018-07
is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2019. Early adoption
is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating ASU 2018-07 and its impact on its combined financial statements or disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-10

 Leases
guidance on certain aspects of the previously issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842) (&ldquo;ASU 2016-02&rdquo;) and have the
same effective and transition requirements as ASU 2016-02. Upon the effective date
 ASU 2018-10 will supersede the current lease
guidance in ASC Topic 840
 Leases. Under the new guidance
 lessees will be required to recognize for all leases
 with the exception
of short-term leases
 a lease liability
 which is a lessee&rsquo;s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease
 measured
on a discounted basis. Concurrently
 lessees will be required to recognize a right-of-use asset
 which is an asset that represents
the lessee&rsquo;s right to use
 or control the use of
 a specified asset for the lease term. ASU 2018-10 is effective for private
companies and emerging growth public companies for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 with
early adoption permitted. The guidance is required to be applied using a modified retrospective transition approach for leases
existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative periods presented in the financial statements. The
Company is currently assessing the impact this guidance will have on its combined financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-09
. These amendments provide clarifications and corrections to certain ASC subtopics including the
following: Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income &ndash; Overall (Topic 220-10)
 Debt - Modifications and Extinguishments
(Topic 470-50)
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity &ndash; Overall (Topic 480-10)
 Compensation - Stock Compensation - Income
Taxes (Topic 718-740)
 Business Combinations - Income Taxes (Topic 805-740)
 Derivatives and Hedging &ndash; Overall (Topic 815-10)
and Fair Value Measurement &ndash; Overall (Topic 820-10). The majority of the amendments in ASU 2018-09 will be effective in annual
periods beginning after December 15
 2019. The Company is currently evaluating and assessing the impact this guidance will have
on its combined financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-11
 The amendments in ASU 2018-11 related to transition relief on comparative
reporting at adoption affect all entities with lease contracts that choose the additional transition method and separating components
of a contract affect only lessors whose lease contracts qualify for the practical expedient. The amendments in ASU 2018-11 are
effective for private companies and emerging growth public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 and interim
periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently assessing the impact this guidance will have on its combined financial
statements.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS



 the FASB issued ASU No.
2018-13

Measurement
on the concepts in the Concepts Statement
 including the consideration of costs and benefits. The amendments on changes in unrealized
gains and losses
 the range and weighted average of significant unobservable inputs used to develop Level 3 fair value measurements
and the narrative description of measurement uncertainty should be applied prospectively for only the most recent interim or annual
period presented in the initial fiscal year of adoption. All other amendments should be applied retrospectively to all periods
presented upon their effective date. The amendments are effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15
2019
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted
 including adoption in an interim period. The
Company is currently evaluating ASU 2018-13 and its impact on its combined financial statements.




statements
 as of December 31
 2018 the Company had a cash balance of $1
503
500 and total working capital of $898
097 The Company
has no revenue source presently. Based on projections of cash expenditures in the Company&rsquo;s current business plan
 the cash
on hand would be insufficient to fund the Company&rsquo;s general and administrative expenses over the next year.


of additional capital through various management fee agreements and financing transactions or arrangements
 including joint venturing
of projects
 equity financing or other means. We may not be successful in identifying suitable funding transactions in a sufficient
time period or at all
 and we may not obtain the capital we require by other means. If we do not succeed in raising additional
capital
 our resources may not be sufficient to fund our business.


any adjustments that might result from the outcome of any uncertainty as to the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going
concern. These financial statements also do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded
asset amounts
 or amounts and classifications of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as
a going concern.

Note 4 &ndash; Rights Offering and Formation
of Black Ridge Acquisition Corp.


on Form S-1 (the &ldquo;Registration Statement&rdquo;) with the SEC to register the issuance of 431
819
910 shares of common stock
in the Rights Offering that was declared effective by the SEC on August 3
 2017. Pursuant to the Rights Offering
 the Company distributed
on a pro rata basis
 one right for each share of common stock owned by shareholders on August 2
 2017 (the &ldquo;Record Date&rdquo;).
Each right permitted a shareholder to purchase up to nine shares of common stock at a subscription price of $0.012 per share. The
Rights Offering expired on September 8
 2017 (the &ldquo;Expiration Date&rdquo;).


the Company also entered into a Standby Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Backstop Agreement&rdquo;) with a consortium of investors
including members of the Company&rsquo;s board of directors and our Chief Executive Officer (collectively
 the &ldquo;Backstop
Purchasers&rdquo;)
 who agree to purchase up to $2.9 million of the unsubscribed shares following the completion of the rights
offering.


 2017
 the Company completed
the Rights Offering
 raising gross proceeds of $5
181
839 and issued 431
819
910 shares in connection with the exercise of rights
in connection with the Rights Offering and related Backstop Agreement. Under the Rights Offering the Company&rsquo;s current shareholders
exercised rights to purchase 199
811
421 shares of stock for a total of $2
397
737. Under the Backstop Agreement
 the Backstop
Purchasers purchased 232
008
489 shares of stock for a total of $2
784
102. Officers and directors of the Company purchased 173
843
308
shares between the Rights Offering and as participants of the Backstop Agreement for $2
086
120 and received 179
376 warrants to
purchase shares of common stock at $0.01 per share for their participation in the Backstop Agreement. The remaining 257
976
602
shares were purchased by non-related parties for proceeds of $2
965
555. The warrants issued to related parties fair value was estimated
to be $4
179 (see Note 15). The Company incurred $130
164 in costs associated with raising capital
 which has been netted against
stockholders&rsquo; equity. Additionally as part of Backstop agreement
 the Company issued 435
000 warrants to purchase its common
stock at $0.01 for participants in the Backstop Agreement. The warrants fair value was estimated to be $10
135 (see Note 15).





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS



 2017 and October 18
 2017
in connection with the underwriter exercising its over-allotment option
 the Company used $4
450
000 of the net proceeds of the
Rights Offering to fulfill its obligation as sponsor of a special purpose acquisition company
 BRAC
 as part of BRAC&rsquo;s IPO.
BRAC was formed on May 9
 2017 with the purpose of becoming the special acquisition company as a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company with an initial equity contribution of $25
000. After the IPO
 the Company retained ownership of 22% of BRAC&rsquo;s common
stock. The remaining proceeds from the Rights Offering following the sponsorship are intended to be used for general corporate
purposes.

Note 5 &ndash; BRAC&rsquo;s IPO
 Consolidation
of BRAC and Non-controlling Interest




IPO was declared effective on October 4
 2017. The registration statement was initially declared effective for 10
000
000 units
(&ldquo;Units&rdquo; and
 with respect to the common stock included in the Units being offered
 the &ldquo;Public Shares&rdquo;)
but the offering was increased to 12
000
000 Units pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. On October
10
 2017
 the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 12
000
000 units
 generating gross proceeds of $120
000
000.


Public Offering
 BRAC sold 400
000 units (the &ldquo;Placement Units&rdquo;) at a price of $10.00 per Unit in a private placement
to BROG
 generating gross proceeds of $4
000
000. BROG&rsquo;s investment in BRAC&rsquo;s common stock is eliminated in consolidation.


to $2
882
226
 consisting of $2
400
000 of underwriting fees and $482
226 of other costs.


10
 2017
 an amount of $120
600
000 ($10.05 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the Placement
Units was placed in a trust account (&ldquo;Trust Account&rdquo;) and is invested in U.S. government securities
 within the meaning
set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940
 as amended (the &ldquo;Investment Company Act&rdquo;)
 with
a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by
the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2)
 (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act
 as determined
by the Company
 until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account
as described below.


 2017
 in connection with
the underwriters&rsquo; exercise of their over-allotment option in full
 BRAC sold an additional 1
800
000 Units and the sale
of an additional 45
000 Placement Units to BROG at $10.00 per Unit
 generating total proceeds of $18
450
000. Transaction costs
for underwriting fees on the sale of the over-allotment units were $360
000. Following the closing
 an additional $18
090
000
of the net proceeds ($10.05 per Unit) was placed in the Trust Account
 bringing the total aggregate proceeds held in the Trust
Account to $138
690
000 ($10.05 per Unit). BROG&rsquo;s investment in BRAC&rsquo;s common stock is eliminated in consolidation.


management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and private placement
although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination.
There is no assurance that the BRAC will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. Upon the closing of the IPO
$10.05 per Unit sold in the IPO
 including some of the proceeds of the Private Placements was deposited in a trust account (&ldquo;Trust
Account&rdquo;) to be held until the earlier of (i) the consummation of its initial Business Combination or (ii) BRAC&rsquo;s
failure to consummate a Business Combination within 21 months from the consummation of the IPO (the &ldquo;Combination Period&rdquo;).
Placing funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against BRAC. Although BRAC will seek to
have all vendors
 service providers
 prospective target businesses or other entities it engages
 execute agreements with BRAC
waiving any claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account
 there is no guarantee that such persons will execute
such agreements. The Trust Account is maintained by a third party trustee. The remaining net proceeds (not held in the Trust Account)
may be used to pay for business
 legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative
expenses. Additionally
 the interest earned on the Trust Account balance may be released to BRAC for any amounts that are necessary
to pay BRAC&rsquo;s income and other tax obligations and up to $50
000 that may be used to pay for the costs of liquidating BRAC.
BROG has agreed that it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the Trust Account are not reduced below $10.05 per share
by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by BRAC for services rendered or
contracted for or products sold to BRAC
 but there is no assurance that BROG will be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations
if it is required to do so. Additionally
 the agreement entered into by BROG specifically provides for two exceptions to the indemnity
it has given: it will have no liability (1) as to any claimed amounts owed to a target business or vendor or other entity who
has executed an agreement with BRAC waiving any right
 title
 interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies
held in the Trust Account
 or (2) as to any claims for indemnification by the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities
including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS





listing rules
 BRAC&rsquo;s initial Business Combination must be with a target business or businesses whose collective fair market
value is at least equal to 80% of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for such
Business Combination
 although this may entail simultaneous acquisitions of several target businesses. The fair market value of
the target will be determined by BRAC&rsquo;s board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial
community (such as actual and potential sales
 earnings
 cash flow and/or book value). The target business or businesses that BRAC
acquires may have a collective fair market value substantially in excess of 80% of the Trust Account balance. In order to consummate
such a Business Combination
 BRAC may issue a significant amount of its debt or equity securities to the sellers of such business
and/or seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities. If BRAC&rsquo;s securities are not
listed on NASDAQ after the IPO
 BRAC would not be required to satisfy the 80% requirement. However
 BRAC intends to satisfy the
80% requirement even if BRAC&rsquo;s securities are not listed on NASDAQ at the time of the initial Business Combination.


who are the holders of the common stock which was sold as part of the Units in the IPO
 whether they are purchased in the IPO or
in the aftermarket
 or &ldquo;Public Shares&rdquo;
 including BROG to the extent that it purchases such Public Shares (&ldquo;Public
Stockholders&rdquo;)
 with an opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares of BRAC&rsquo;s Common stock
 irrespective
of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or if BRAC conducts a tender offer
 upon the completion of the initial
Business Combination either (1) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination
 or (ii) by
means of a tender offer
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
including interest (net of franchise and income taxes payable
 divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. The amount
in the Trust Account
 net of franchise and income taxes payable
 currently amounts to $10.06 per Public Share. The common stock
subject to redemption will be recorded at a redemption value and classified a temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO
in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) Topic 480 &ldquo;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&rdquo;.
BRAC will proceed with a Business Combination only if BRAC has net tangible assets of at least $5
000
001 upon such consummation
of a Business Combination and in the case of a stockholder vote
 a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor
of the Business Combination. The decision as to whether BRAC will seek stockholder approval of a proposed Business Combination
or conduct a tender offer will be made by BRAC
 solely in its discretion
 based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the
transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require it to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock
exchange listing requirement. If a stockholder vote is not required and BRAC decides not to hold a stockholder vote for business
or other legal reasons
 BRAC will
 pursuant to the proposed amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 (i) conduct the
redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act
 which regulate issuer tender offers
 and (ii) file tender
offer documents with the SEC prior to completing the initial Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial
and other information about the initial Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the
Exchange Act
 which regulates the solicitation of proxies.


and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of the initial Business Combination
 and BRAC&rsquo;s executive
officers and directors have also agreed to vote any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of the Initial Business
Combination. BROG entered into a letter agreement
 pursuant to which it agreed to waive its redemption rights with respect to the
Founder Shares
 shares included in the Placement Units and Public Shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business
Combination. In addition
 BROG has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect
to the Founder Shares and shares included in the Placement Units if BRAC fails to complete the initial Business Combination within
the prescribed time frame. However
 if BROG (or any of BRAC&rsquo;s executive officers
 directors or affiliates) acquires Public
Shares in or after the IPO
 it will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public
Shares in the event BRAC does not complete the initial Business Combination within such applicable time period.




 2018
BRAC entered into a business combination agreement (the &ldquo;Business Combination Agreement&rdquo;) with Allied Esports Entertainment
Inc. (&ldquo;Allied Esports&rdquo;)
 Ourgame International Holdings Ltd. (&ldquo;Ourgame&rdquo;)
 Noble Link Global Limited
 a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Ourgame (&ldquo;Noble&rdquo;)
 and Primo Vital Ltd.
 also a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ourgame (&ldquo;Primo&rdquo;)
pursuant to which BRAC will acquire two of Ourgame&rsquo;s global esports and entertainment assets
 Allied Esports and WPT Enterprises
Inc. (&ldquo;WPT&rdquo;) . See Note 19.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS





Business Combination within the Combination Period
 BRAC must: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii)
as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem the public shares
 at a per-share price
payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including interest (which interest shall be
net of franchise and income taxes payable divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares
 which redemption will completely
extinguish Public Stockholders&rsquo; rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions
if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval
of BRAC&rsquo;s remaining stockholders and BRAC&rsquo;s Board of Directors
 dissolve and liquidate
 subject in the case of clauses
(ii) and (iii) to BRAC&rsquo;s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other
applicable law.

Consolidation of BRAC and Non-controlling
Interest


 following
its IPO
 is a variable interest entity (&ldquo;VIE&rdquo;) and that the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The Company
determined that
 due to the redemption feature associated with the IPO shares
 that the IPO shareholders are indirectly protected
from the operating expenses of BRAC and BROG has the power to direct the activities of BRAC through the date at which BRAC affords
the stockholders the opportunity to vote to approve a proposed business combination. Therefore
 these consolidated financial statements
contain the operations of the BRAC from its inception on May 9
 2017. BRAC&rsquo;s IPO shareholders are reflected in our Consolidated
Financial Statements as a redeemable non-controlling interest. The non-controlling interest was recorded at fair value on October
10
 2017
 with an addition on October 18
 2017 as a result of the underwriters&rsquo; exercise of their over-allotment option.
The net earnings attributable to the IPO shareholders are subtracted from the net loss for the year ended December 31
 2017 to
arrive at the net loss attributable to the Company and the non-controlling interest on the balance sheet was adjusted to include
the net earnings attributable to the IPO shareholders.




$10
000 per month as part of an administrative services agreement
 which commenced October 5
 2017
 for general and administrative
services including the cost of office space and personnel dedicated to BRAC. BROG is reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses
particularly travel
 incurred in connection with activities on BRAC&rsquo;s behalf
 including but not limited to identifying potential
target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement
of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by BRAC. BRAC paid a total of $28
710 to BROG for such services during the year ended December
31
 2017. The management services income of BROG and the management services expense of BRAC as well as any balances due between
the companies for such services or reimbursements were eliminated in consolidation.


resulting equity recorded by BRAC have been eliminated upon consolidation. Additionally
 as a result of recognizing the fair value
of upon redemption of the redeemable shares held by the BRAC IPO shareholders as a non-controlling interest as per ASC 810-10-45-23
BROG has recognized an adjustment of $3
932
126 to additional paid-in capital. The non-controlling interest in BRAC held by the
BRAC&rsquo;s IPO shareholders is presented on the balance sheet as temporary equity.




 2018
 the Company entered
into an agreement to modify the terms of the Settlement Agreement and Release entered into as of September 27
 2012 between the
Company
 Peerless Media
 Ltd. and ElectraWorks
 Ltd.. Based on the new agreement
 the Company received $2.25 million and agreed
to terminate its rights to any additional payments under the original Settlement Agreement. The Company also paid a 5% fee of $112
500
to a former officer as part of an agreement with the former officer related to the 2012 settlement agreement.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS








    



    
    
    

    
28
751
24
999

    
11
865
11
716

    
13
319
32
102

    
53
935
68
817





4
 officers and directors of the Company purchased 173
843
308 shares between the Rights Offering and as participants of the Backstop
Agreement for $2
086
120 and received 179
376 warrants to purchase shares of common stock at $0.01 per share for their participation
in the Backstop Agreement.


 2018
 the Board of Directors
(the &ldquo;Board&rdquo;) of the Company approved and adopted the Black Ridge Gas
 Inc. 2018 Management Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;)
and the form of 2018 Management Incentive Plan Award Agreement (the &ldquo;Award Agreement&rdquo;).


Plan and Award Agreement
 the Board approved the issuance of awards (the &ldquo;Awards&rdquo;) to certain individuals including
officers and directors (the &ldquo;Grantees&rdquo;)
 representing a percentage of the shares of BRAC held by the Company as of
the date of closing of a business combination for the acquisition of a target business as described in the BRAC prospectus dated
October 4
 2017
 as follows:




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



no expense related to the plan as the grant of shares is contingent on a future event.




connection with an intended initial business combination
 BROG
 and its officers
 directors or their affiliates may
 but are not
obligated to
 loan BRAC funds as may be required. If BRAC consummates an initial business combination
 BRAC would repay such loaned
amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close
 BRAC may use a portion of the working capital held
outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts
 but no proceeds from BRAC&rsquo;s trust account would be used for such
repayment. Up to $1
500
000 of such loans may be convertible into units of the post business combination entity at a price of $10.00
per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the Placement Units.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS



 2018
BROG has loaned BRAC
 in the form of a convertible promissory note
 an aggregate of $350
000 to cover expenses related to a proposed
business combination. This note
 issued on December 10
 2018
 is unsecured
 non-interest bearing and is payable at the consummation
by BRAC of a merger
 share exchange
 asset acquisition
 or other similar business combination
 with one or more businesses or entities
(a &ldquo;Business Combination&rdquo;). Upon consummation of a Business Combination
 the principal balance of the note may be converted
at BROG&rsquo;s option
 to units at a price of $10.00 per unit. The terms of the units are identical to the units issued by BRAC
in its initial public offering
&nbsp;except the warrants included in such units will be non-redeemable and may be exercised on
a cashless basis
 in each case so long as they continue to be held by BROG or its permitted transferees. If BROG converts the entire
principal balance of the convertible promissory note
 it would receive 35
000 units. If a Business Combination is not consummated
the note will not be repaid by BRAC and all amounts owed thereunder by BRAC will be forgiven except to the extent that BRAC has
funds available to it outside of its trust account established in connection with the initial public offering. The issuance of
the note was exempt pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.

Note 9 &ndash; Investment
in Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC


Ridge Holding Company
 LLC as of December 31
 2016 represented our equity interest in Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC (&ldquo;BRHC&rdquo;)
following a debt restructuring and related activity.



members of BRHC agreed to dissolve and wind up BRHC and filed a Certificate of Cancellation under the Delaware Limited Liability
Company Act as of October 3
 2017. On October 2
 2017
 the Company entered into an agreement with the other members whereby certain
assets distributed to the Company upon the dissolution and winding up of BRHC
 effective as of October 1
 2017
 were sold to the
assignees in exchange for cash consideration of $1
078
394. Additionally
 cash and receivables totaling to $4
645 in value
 were
distributed directly to the Company from BRHC. As a result of the transactions
 eliminating the Company&rsquo;s basis in its investment
in BRHC and deducting certain transaction related expenses
 the Company recorded a gain of $1
030
145.




 2018 and December 31
2017
 consisted of the following:



    
December 31

    
December 31


    
    
    
    

    
    
128
156
    
    
128
156

    
    
(126
931)
    
    
(117
459)

Total property and equipment
 net
    
1
225
    
    
10
697



 2017 we sold certain assets
with a book value of $6
874 for proceeds of $2
160
 resulting in a loss on disposal of $4
714.


472 and $10
848
respectively
 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017.

Note 11 &ndash; Fair Value of Financial
Instruments


 fair value is
defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date (an exit price). The standard outlines a valuation framework and creates a fair value
hierarchy in order to increase the consistency and comparability of fair value measurements and the related disclosures. Under
GAAP
 certain assets and liabilities must be measured at fair value
 and FASB ASC 820-10-50 details the disclosures that are required
for items measured at fair value.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS



and a revolving credit facility that must be measured under the fair value standard. The Company&rsquo;s financial assets and liabilities
are measured using inputs from the three levels of the fair value hierarchy. The three levels are as follows:


prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date.


for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that
are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g.
 interest rates
 yield curves
etc.)
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market
corroborated inputs).


our assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.


valuation of financial instruments at fair value on a recurring basis in the balances sheet as of December&nbsp;31
 2018
and 2017:



    

 2018

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
503
500
    
    

    
141
307
307
    
    

    
142
810
807
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
142
810
807
    
    




    

 2017

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
477
089
    
    

    
138
980
353
    
    

    
140
457
442
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
140
457
442
    
    



or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 inputs for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2018 and&nbsp;2017.






 2017 the Company entered into
a $500
000 Promissory Note (the Note) issued to Cadence Bank
 N.A. (Cadence) and a Security Agreement by the Company in favor of
Cadence. The Note bore interest at 4.5% per annum payable monthly and was due on October 7
 2017. The Note was repaid in full on
September 14
 2017. The Note was secured by the Company&rsquo;s deposit account at Cadence and all of the Company&rsquo;s rights
title and interests in and to the contractual rights of the Company to receive payment from Chambers Energy Management for the
purchase of the Company&rsquo;s interest in Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC. The Company incurred and paid $4
313 in interest
on the Note and paid $4
400 in origination fees and other set up costs that are included in interest expense on the statement of
operations for the year ended December 31
 2017.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS


Note 13 &ndash; Stockholders&rsquo;
Equity



000
000 authorized shares
of $0.001 par value preferred stock. No shares have been issued to date.



000
000 authorized
shares of $0.001 par value common stock.


 2017 the Company issued
199
811
421 shares of common stock in a Rights Offering
 raising gross proceeds of $2
397
737
 and issued an additional 232
008
789
shares in a private placement (the Backstop Agreement)
 raising gross proceeds of $2
784
102. The Company incurred $130
164 in
costs associated with the Rights Offering and Backstop Agreement.


 the Company issues 45
000
shares of common stock as a result of warrant exercises.




during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017.



 2018
and 2017
 61
800 and 87
700 options
 respectively
 were forfeited by a former employee.



 2018
and 2017
 12
000 and 12
000 options
 respectively
 with a strike price of $0.08 per share and $0.29 per share
 respectively
 expired.



ended December&nbsp;31
 2018 and 2017.


about the Stock Options outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2018.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
10
783
500
    
    
    
    
    
8
989
067
    
    







    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS



of outstanding stock options:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2016
10
957
000
    

    
(12
000
    

    
(87
700
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2017
10
857
300
    

    
(12
000
    

    
(61
800
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2018
10
783
500
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2018
8
989
067
    



expensed $310
731 and $574
851 from the amortization of common stock options during the years ended
December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2018 and 2017
 respectively.





ended December&nbsp;31
 2018.


000 warrants to
purchase shares at $0.01 per share to participants of the Backstop Agreement on September 22
 2017. The Company accounted for the
warrants as an expense of the Rights Offering which resulted in a charge directly to stockholders&rsquo; equity. The Company estimated
the fair value of these warrants to be approximately $10
135 (or $.0233 per warrant) using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.
The fair value of the warrants was estimated as of the date of grant using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of
388%
 (2) risk-free interest rate of 1.89% and (3) expected life of five years.



ended December&nbsp;31
 2018 and 2017.



ended December&nbsp;31
 2018 and 2017.



000 warrants were exercised during the
year ended December 31
 2018 for $.01 per share resulting in proceeds of $450.


ended December&nbsp;31
 2017.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS



of outstanding warrants:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2016
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
435
000
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2017
435
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(45
000
    


 December 31
 2018
390
000
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2018
390
000
    


Note 16 - BRAC Rights
and Warrants




and including the subsequent over-allotment option exercised by the underwriter
 BRAC sold 13
800
000 Units at a purchase price
of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of common stock
 one right (&ldquo;Public Right&rdquo;) and one warrant (&ldquo;Public
Warrant&rdquo;). Each Public Right will convert into one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common stock upon consummation of a Business
Combination. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50.




Offering and over-allotment option exercise
 BROG purchased an aggregate of 445
000 Placement Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit
(or an aggregate purchase price of $4
450
000). Each Placement Unit consists of one share of common stock (&ldquo;Placement Share&rdquo;)
one right (&ldquo;Placement Right&rdquo;) and one warrant (each
 a &ldquo;Placement Warrant&rdquo;) to purchase one share of the
common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share. The proceeds from the Placement Units were added to the proceeds from the
Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If BRAC does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period
the proceeds of the sale of the Placement Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements
of applicable law) and the Placement Rights and Placement Warrants will expire worthless.


Units sold in the Initial Public Offering except that the Placement Warrants (i) are not redeemable by BRAC and (ii) may be exercised
for cash or on a cashless basis
 so long as they are held by BROG or any of its permitted transferees. In addition
 the Placement
Units and their component securities may not be transferable
 assignable or salable until after the consummation of a Business
Combination
 subject to certain limited exceptions.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS





(1/10) of one share of common stock upon consummation of a Business Combination
 even if a holder of such right converted all ordinary
shares held by it in connection with a Business Combination. No fractional shares will be issued upon exchange of the rights. No
additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive its additional shares upon consummation
of a Business Combination as the consideration related thereto has been included in the Unit purchase price paid for by investors
in the Initial Public Offering. If BRAC enters into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which BRAC will not be
the surviving entity
 the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration
the holders of the shares of common stock will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into shares of common stock basis
and each holder of rights will be required to affirmatively covert its rights in order to receive 1/10 of a share of common stock
underlying each right (without paying additional consideration). The shares of common stock issuable upon exchange of the rights
will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of BRAC).


Combination within the Combination Period and BRAC liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account
 holders of rights will not receive
any of such funds with respect to their rights
 nor will they receive any distribution from BRAC&rsquo;s assets held outside of
the Trust Account with respect to such rights
 and the rights will expire worthless. Further
 there are no contractual penalties
for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of a Business Combination. Additionally
 in no
event will BRAC be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly
 the rights may expire worthless.&nbsp;


sold in the Private Placement are identical to the rights included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering
 except that
among others
 the rights including the shares issuable upon exchange of such rights
 are being purchased pursuant to an exemption
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and will become tradable only after certain conditions are met or the
resale of such rights (including underlying securities) is registered under the Securities Act.




number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Warrants. The Warrants will become exercisable on the
later of (a) 30 days after the consummation of a Business Combination or (b) October 10
 2018. No Warrants will be exercisable
for cash unless BRAC has an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
of the Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if a registration statement covering
the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants is not effective within 30 days from the consummation of
a Business Combination
 the holders may
 until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period
when BRAC shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement
 exercise the Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant
to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. If an exemption from registration is not available
 holders
will not be able to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis. The Warrants will expire five years from the consummation of a
Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.


to the Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering
 except the Private Warrants will be exercisable for cash
(even if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of such Private Warrants is not effective)
or on a cashless basis
 at the holder&rsquo;s option
 and will not be redeemable by BRAC
 in each case so long as they are still
held by BROG or its affiliates.


(excluding the Private Warrants but including any outstanding Warrants issued upon exercise of the unit purchase option issued
to EarlyBirdCapital)
 in whole and not in part
 at a price of $.01 per Warrant:


at any time while the Warrants are exercisable


upon not less than 30 days&rsquo; prior written notice of redemption to each Warrant holder


if
 and only if
 the reported last sale price of the shares of common stock equals or exceeds $18.00
per share
 for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption
to Warrant holders
 and

if
 and only if
 there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares
of common stock underlying such Warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day redemption period and continuing each
day thereafter until the date of redemption.&nbsp;





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS



management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Warrants to do so on a &ldquo;cashless basis
&rdquo;
as described in the warrant agreement.


of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock
dividend
 extraordinary dividend or recapitalization
 reorganization
 merger or consolidation. However
 the Warrants will not be
adjusted for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally
 in no event will BRAC be required
to net cash settle the Warrants. If BRAC is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and BRAC liquidates
the funds held in the Trust Account
 holders of Warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their Warrants
 nor
will they receive any distribution from BRAC&rsquo;s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Warrants. Accordingly
the Warrants may expire worthless.




 2017
BRAC sold to the underwriter and its designees
 for $100
 an option to purchase up to 600
000 Units exercisable at $11.50 per Unit
(or an aggregate exercise price of $6
900
000) commencing on the later of the first anniversary of the effective date of the registration
statement related to the Initial Public Offering and the consummation of a Business Combination. The unit purchase option may be
exercised for cash or on a cashless basis
 at the holder&rsquo;s option
 and expires five years from the effective date of the
registration statement related to the Initial Public Offering. The Units issuable upon exercise of this option are identical to
those offered in the Initial Public Offering. BRAC accounted for the unit purchase option
 inclusive of the receipt of $100 cash
payment
 as an expense of the Initial Public Offering resulting in a charge directly to stockholders&rsquo; equity. BRAC estimated
the fair value of this unit purchase option to be approximately $1
778
978 (or $2.97 per Unit) using the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model. The fair value of the unit purchase option granted to the underwriters was estimated as of the date of grant using the following
assumptions: (1) expected volatility of 35%
 (2) risk-free interest rate of 1.94% and (3) expected life of five years. The option
and such units purchased pursuant to the option
 as well as the common stock underlying such units
 the rights included in such
units
 the common stock that is issuable for the rights included in such units
 the warrants included in such units
 and the shares
underlying such warrants
 have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a 180-day lock-up pursuant to Rule
5110(g)(1) of FINRA&rsquo;s NASDAQ Conduct Rules. Additionally
 the option may not be sold
 transferred
 assigned
 pledged or hypothecated
for a one-year period (including the foregoing 180-day period) following the date of Initial Public Offering except to any underwriter
and selected dealer participating in the Initial Public Offering and their bona fide officers or partners. The option grants to
holders demand and &ldquo;piggy back&rdquo; rights for periods of five and seven years
 respectively
 from the effective date of
the registration statement with respect to the registration under the Securities Act of the securities directly and indirectly
issuable upon exercise of the option. BRAC will bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the securities
 other than
underwriting commissions which will be paid for by the holders themselves. The exercise price and number of units issuable upon
exercise of the option may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend
 or BRAC&rsquo;s recapitalization
reorganization
 merger or consolidation. However
 the option will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below
its exercise price.

Note 17 &ndash; Income
Taxes


of ASC Topic 740

 
deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences
 using currently enacted tax laws
attributable to temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
the amounts calculated for income tax purposes.


tax returns for Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. For the years ended December 31
 2018 the impact
of both returns are combined in the presentation.


years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2018 and&nbsp;2017 consisted of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
556
757
85
722

    
19
116
(18
678

    
575
873
67
044






    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS



ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2018 and 2017 consisted of the following:



    

 2018

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    





    

 2017

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



above are weighted averages of the two separate taxable entities as such we have presented the individual entity reconciliations.
When one entity has a loss and the other has income
 the weighted average produces results that are skewed higher or lower than
the individual components. BROG's state income tax rate as of December 31
 2018 increased by 4.1% from 3.6% as of December 31
2017
 to 7.7%. This increase in the effective tax rate is attributable to changes in the federal rate. BRAC's state income tax
rate as of December 31
 2018 increased by 0.9% from 6.8% as of December 31
 2017
 to 7.7%.


and liabilities as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2018 and&nbsp;2017 are as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
7
402
252
6
712
288

    
2
294
552
1
947
147

    
    
    

    
    
18
678

    
38
508
34
001

    
9
735
771
8
712
615

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
9
735
333
8
712
615

    
(9
735
771
(8
693
937

    
    
18
678






    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS



 2018
the Company has net operating loss carryover of approximately $25
754
131. Under existing Federal law
 the net operating loss
may be utilized to offset taxable income through the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2035. A portion of the net operating
loss carryover begins to expire in 2030.


allowance is recognized if
 based on the weight of available evidence
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the
deferred tax asset will not be realized. In 2018
 BROG increased its valuation allowance from $8
693
937 to $9
735
771 to adjust
for the increase in net deferred tax assets primarily increased federal operating loss carryovers. The Company believes it is more
likely than not that the benefit of these remaining assets will not be realized by BROG. The company did not place a valuation
allowance on deferred tax asset for BRAC related to the capitalized merger and acquisition costs. The Company believes it is more
likely than not that the benefit of these remaining assets will be realized by BRAC.


US Federal income tax returns and annual income tax returns for the states of Minnesota
 North Dakota and Montana. We are not subject
to income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2013 for all returns. Income taxing authorities have conducted no
formal examinations of our past federal or state income tax returns and supporting records.


provisions of ASC Topic 740 regarding uncertainty in income taxes. The Company has found no significant uncertain tax positions
as of any date on or before December&nbsp;31
 2018.

Note 18 &ndash; Commitments
and Contingencies


administrative proceedings and litigation relating to matters arising in the normal course of business. The Company is not currently
a defendant in any material litigation and is not aware of any threatened litigation that could have a material effect on the Company.
Management is not able to estimate the minimum loss to be incurred
 if any
 as a result of the final outcome of the matters arising
in the normal course of business but believes they are not likely to have a material adverse effect upon the Company&rsquo;s financial
position or results of operations and
 accordingly
 no provision for loss has been recorded.


balances at banks in excess of federally insured amounts. The extent of loss
 if any
 to be sustained as a result of any future
failure of a bank or other financial institution is not subject to estimation at this time.




in connection with its Initial Business Combination to assist it in holding meetings with its shareholders to discuss the potential
business combination and the target business&rsquo; attributes
 introduce it to potential investors that are interested in purchasing
its securities
 assist it in obtaining shareholder approval for the business combination and assist it with its press releases
and public filings in connection with the business combination. BRAC will pay its underwriters a cash fee for such services upon
the consummation of its initial business combination in an amount equal to 3.5% of the gross proceeds of its offering (exclusive
of any applicable finders&rsquo; fees which might become payable).




issued and outstanding on the date of BRAC&rsquo;s Initial Public Offering
 as well as the holders of the private units and any
units BROG
 and its officers
 directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to BRAC (and
all underlying securities)
 are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement dated October 4
 2017.
The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that BRAC register such securities. The holders
of the majority of the BROG&rsquo;s shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months
prior to the date on which these shares of BRAC&rsquo;s common stock are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority
of the private units and units issued to BROG
 and its officers
 directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans
made to us (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after BRAC consummates a business
combination. In addition
 the holders have certain &ldquo;piggy-back&rdquo; registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. The Company would bear the expenses incurred in connection with
the filing of any such registration statements.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS


Note 19 &ndash; BRAC&rsquo;s Proposed
Business Combination




 2018
 BRAC entered into an Agreement and Plan
of Reorganization (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) by and among BRAC
 Black Ridge Merger Sub
 Corp.
 a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned
subsidiary of BRAC formed on December 19
 2018 (&ldquo;Merger Sub&rdquo;)
 Allied Esports Entertainment
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Allied
Esports&rdquo;)
 Ourgame International Holdings Ltd. (&ldquo;Ourgame&rdquo;)
 Noble Link Global Limited
 a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Ourgame (&ldquo;Noble&rdquo;)
 and Primo Vital Ltd.
 also a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ourgame (&ldquo;Primo&rdquo;).


 (i) Noble will merge with and into
Allied Esports (the &ldquo;Redomestication Merger&rdquo;) with Allied Esports being the surviving entity in such merger and (ii)
immediately after the Redomestication Merger
 Merger Sub will merge with and into Allied Esports with Allied Esports being the
surviving entity of such merger (the &ldquo;Transaction Merger&rdquo; and together with the Redomestication Merger
 the &ldquo;Mergers&rdquo;).


global esports and entertainment assets
 Allied Esports International
 Inc. (&ldquo;Allied Esports&rdquo;) and WPT Enterprises
Inc. (&ldquo;WPT&rdquo;). Allied Esports is a premier esports entertainment company with a global network of dedicated esports
properties and content production facilities. WPT is the creator of the World Poker Tour&reg; (WPT&reg;) &ndash; the premier name
in internationally televised gaming and entertainment with brand presence in land-based tournaments
 television
 online and mobile.
The proposed transaction will seek to strategically combine the globally recognized Allied Esports brand with the three-pronged
business model of the iconic World Poker Tour
 featuring in-person experiences
 multiplatform content and interactive services
to leverage the high-growth opportunities in the global esports industry.


BRAC will issue to the former owners of Allied Esports and WPT (i) an aggregate of 11
602
754 shares of common stock
 par value
$0.0001 per share
 of BRAC&rsquo;s common stock and (ii) an aggregate of 3
800
003 warrants to purchase shares of common stock
of BRAC.


 the former
owners of Allied Esports and WPT will be entitled to receive their pro rata portion of an aggregate of an additional 3
846
153
shares of BRAC&rsquo;s common stock if the last sales price of BRAC&rsquo;s common stock equals or exceeds $13.00 per share (as
adjusted for stock splits
 stock dividends
 reorganizations and recapitalizations) for thirty (30) consecutive days at any time
during the five (5) year period commencing on the date of the Closing (the &ldquo;Closing Date&rdquo;).




amend its charter to increase the authorized shares of BRAC&rsquo;s common stock to 65
000
000 shares.

Conditions to Consummation of the Business
Combination


is subject to certain closing conditions including
 among others
 (i) approval by the stockholders of BRAC and Ourgame
 and (ii)
that BRAC have available cash in an amount not less than $80
000
000 after payment to stockholders who elect to redeem their shares
of common stock in accordance with the provisions of BRAC&rsquo;s Charter Documents.




terminated at any time prior to the consummation of the Agreement (whether before or after the Company&rsquo;s shareholder vote
has been obtained) by mutual written consent of the Company and Ourgame
 Noble and the Acquired Company and in certain other limited
circumstances
 including if the Proposed Business Combination has not been consummated by July
 10
 2019.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS


Note 20 &ndash; Subsequent
Events


occurred after the balance sheet date through the date hereof
 which these financial statements were issued. No events occurred
of a material nature that would have required adjustments to or disclosure in these financial statements except as follows:


 2019
 BRAC issued a $100
000&nbsp;convertible
promissory note to the BROG. After issuing the promissory note
 the total amount of convertible promissory notes issued to BROG
is $450
000. The loan is unsecured
 non-interest bearing and is payable at the consummation of a Business Combination. Upon consummation
of a Business Combination
 the principal balance of the note may be converted
 at the Sponsor&rsquo;s option
 to units at a price
of $10.00 per unit. The terms of the units will be identical to the units issued by BRAC in its initial public offering
 except
the warrants included in such units will be non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis
 in each case so long as they
continue to be held by BROG or its permitted transferees. If BROG converts the entire principal balance of the convertible promissory
note
 it would receive an additional 10
000 units. If a Business Combination is not consummated
 the note will not be repaid by
BRAC and all amounts owed thereunder by BRAC will be forgiven except to the extent that BRAC has funds available to it outside
of its trust account established in connection with the initial public offering. The issuance of the note was exempt pursuant to
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.
















    
    













of disclosure controls and procedures that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
we file or furnish to the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosures.


December&nbsp;31
 2018 we carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our management
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined) in Exchange Act Rules 13a &ndash;15(e). Based upon that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer concluded that
 as of the end of the period covered in this report
 our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the required time periods and is accumulated and
communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


Officer and Chief Financial Officer do not expect that our disclosure controls or internal controls will prevent all error and
all fraud. Although our disclosure controls and procedures were designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives
and our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have determined that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective
at doing so
 a control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute assurance that
the objectives of the system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the Company
have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
 and that
breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally
 controls can be circumvented if there exists in an individual
a desire to do so. There can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions.

Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting.


for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule
13a-15(f). The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions
regardless of how remote. All internal control systems
 no matter how well designed
 have inherent limitations. Because of its
inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be
effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.


evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of
the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;31
 2018. In making this
assessment
 our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO) in &ldquo;Internal Control &mdash; Integrated Framework (2013).&rdquo; Based on this assessment
 management
believes that
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2018
 our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those
criteria.





    
    


Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting


changes in the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting through the date of this report or during the quarter
ended December&nbsp;31
 2018
 that materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.

Independent Registered Accountant&rsquo;s
Internal Control Attestation


does not include an attestation report of the Company&rsquo;s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by the Company&rsquo;s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to applicable law.










    
    




ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


officers and directors as of April 3
 2019:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




Kenneth DeCubellis
has been our chief executive officer since November&nbsp;9
 2011. Prior to joining Black Ridge
 Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis
was the president and chief executive officer of Altra Inc. 
a venture capital backed biofuels company based in Los Angeles
 California. He joined Altra in June 2006 as vice president
business development and was promoted to president in November of 2007 and chief executive officer in February 2008. From 1996
to 2006
 he was an executive with Exxon Mobil Corp in Houston
 Texas. Mr. DeCubellis also previously served as the chairman of
KD Global Energy Belize Ltd.
 a company that provides technical and business services for petroleum lease holders in Belize. Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis
holds a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
 an MBA from Northwestern University&rsquo;s JL Kellogg
Graduate School of Management
 and a Masters of Engineering Management from Northwestern University&rsquo;s McCormick School of
Engineering.



Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis has been our chief executive officer since November&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2011
chief executive officer of Altra Inc. (2008 to 2011)
 vice president- president of Altra Inc. (2006 to 2011)
 and an executive
with Exxon Mobil Corp in Houston
 Texas. (1996 to 2006). Mr. DeCubellis has been chief executive officer and chairman of the board
of directors of Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. since May 2017.

Industry experience - Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis has been our chief executive officer from November&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2011
and has broad energy experience as
 chief executive officer of Altra Inc.
 a biofuel company
 and executive experience with Exxon
Mobil Corp.

Education experience - Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Rensselaer Polytechnic
Institute (1990)
 an MBA from Northwestern University&rsquo;s JL Kellogg Graduate School of Management (1996)
 and a Masters of
Engineering Management from Northwestern University&rsquo;s McCormick School of Engineering (1996).

Michael
 has been the chief operating officer of Black Ridge since August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2013
 and prior to that had
served as the Company&rsquo;s vice president of land since August 2012
 overseeing the Company&rsquo;s acreage portfolio and
managing acquisitions and divestitures. Mr. Eisele brings over ten years of oil and gas lease experience in the Williston
Basin and greater Rocky Mountain region. Prior to joining the Company
 Mr. Eisele was the co-owner and landman of High West
Resources
 Ltd. from 2011 to 2012
 the owner of Eisele Resources LLC from 2009 to 2012
 and a self-employed landman from 2007
to 2009. Mr. Eisele is a graduate of Luther College (B.A.).



Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Eisele has been our chief operating officer since
                                                                                                             August&nbsp;1
 2013
 and our vice president of land from August 2012 to July 2013
 co-owner and landman of High West
                                                                                                             Resources
 Ltd. (2011 to 2012)
 owner of Eisele Resources LLC (2009 to 2012) and a self-employed landman (2007 to 2009). Mr.
                                                                                                             Eisele has been chief operating officer of Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. since May 2017.

Industry experience - Mr.&nbsp;Eisele has been our chief operating officer from August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2013
and has over ten years of oil and gas lease experience in the Williston Basin and greater Rocky Mountain region.




When Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis became CEO of Altra Inc in 2008
 the company was in deep financial distress. Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis implemented
a comprehensive corporate wide restructuring effort that was completed in 2009. This included restructuring and eliminating all
of the debt at Altra Inc
 raising capital at Altra Inc and refocusing the strategy of the company on a technology license. As
part of this restructuring
 certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of Altra
 Inc. surrendered assets to lenders or entered in receivership.




    
    



has been the chief financial officer of Black Ridge since March&nbsp;14
&nbsp;2011. Mr.&nbsp;Moe had previously been the chief
financial officer of Northern Contours Inc.
 a multi-state manufacturing company located in Mendota Heights
 Minnesota specializing
in cabinet doors and work surfaces
 since August 2005. From January 2004 to August 2005
 he was the chief financial officer of
Trimodal Inc.
 a trucking and container handling company located in Bloomington
 Minnesota
 which operated in seven cities in the
Midwest and East Coast. From April 2000 to December 2003
 Mr. Moe was the corporate controller of Simondelivers.com
 a venture
capital backed start-up company located in Golden Valley
 Minnesota providing home delivery of groceries ordered over the internet.
From October 1994 to April 2000
 he was the corporate controller of Recovery Engineering Inc.
 a high growth publicly traded manufacturer
and distributor of small-scale water filters located in Brooklyn Park
 Minnesota. From November 1989 to October 1994
 Mr. Moe was
the controller of Standard Iron and Wire Works
 a privately held multi-division metal fabricator operating three plants in Minnesota.
Upon graduating from the University of Minnesota with a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting in 1985
 Mr. Moe worked as a senior
accountant until November 1989 for Boulay
 Heutmaker
 Zibell &amp; Company.



Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Moe has been our chief financial officer since
                                                                                                             March&nbsp;14
 2011
 chief financial officer of Northern Contours Inc. (2005 to 2011)
 and chief financial officer of
                                                                                                             Trimodal Inc. (2004 to 2005). Mr. Eisele has been chief financial officer of Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. since May
                                                                                                             2017.

Industry experience - Mr.&nbsp;Moe has been our chief financial officer since March&nbsp;14
                                                                                                             2011 and has served as a chief financial officer for businesses in other industries. Black Ridge is the first oil and gas
                                                                                                             company for which Mr. Moe has provided management services.

Education experience - Mr.&nbsp;Moe holds a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from the University
of Minnesota (1985).

Bradley
has been a director of Black Ridge since our inception and our chairman since November&nbsp;12
 2010. He
was our chief executive officer from November&nbsp;12
 2010 to November&nbsp;9
 2011
 our chief financial officer
between November&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2010 and November&nbsp;15
 2010
 and our corporate secretary from
November&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2010 to February&nbsp;22
 2011. Mr. Berman has been a director of Black Ridge Acquisition Corp.
since May 2017. Mr.&nbsp;Berman is the president of King Show Games
 Inc.
 a company he founded in 1998. Mr.&nbsp;Berman has
worked in various capacities in casino gaming from 1992 to 2004 for Grand Casinos
&nbsp;Inc. and then Lakes
Entertainment
&nbsp;Inc.
 achieving the position of Vice President of Gaming
 after which he assumed a lesser role in that
company. Mr. Berman was a director of Voyager Oil and Gas
&nbsp;Inc. (formerly Ante4 and WPT) from August 2004 to November
2010.


 who
is one of our directors
 is Mr. Brad Berman&rsquo;s father.



Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Berman has been our chairman since November&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2010
and was our chief executive officer from November&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2010 to November&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2011 and he is the founder and president
of King Show Games
&nbsp;Inc.

Finance experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Berman is the founder and president of King Show Games
&nbsp;Inc.

Industry experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Berman was a director of Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
until November 2010 and has been a director of Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. since May 2017.

Education experience - Mr.&nbsp;Berman attended Mankato State University in Minnesota and University
of Nevada at Las Vegas in Nevada concentrating in business and computer science.

Benjamin S.
has been a director of Black Ridge since November&nbsp;16
 2010
 and chairman of our audit committee and
compensation committee since February&nbsp;22
 2011. Mr. Oehler is a Founding Partner of Windward Mark
 LLC which
advises business owners with regard to strategic planning
 owner governance and education
 business continuity
 legacy
philanthropy and liquidity. Windward Mark LLC is a continuation of Mr. Oehler&rsquo;s consulting practice at Bashaw
Group
 Inc.
 which he founded in 2007
 and served as president from 2007 to 2017. Bashaw Group is also affiliated with a
similar company
 Linea Capital
 LLC. Prior to founding Bashaw Group
 Mr. Oehler was from 1999 to 2007 the president and chief
executive officer of Waycrosse
&nbsp;Inc.
 a financial advisory firm for the family owners of Cargill Incorporated. While at
Waycrosse
 Mr.&nbsp;Oehler was the primary advisor to the five family members who were serving on the Cargill Incorporated
board of directors from 1999 to 2006. Mr.&nbsp;Oehler played a key role in two major growth initiatives for Cargill: the
merger of Cargill&rsquo;s fertilizer business into a public company which is now Mosaic
 Inc.
 and the transformation of
Cargill&rsquo;s proprietary financial markets trading group into two major investment management companies: Black River Asset
Management
 LLC and CarVal Investors
&nbsp;LLC. An investment banker for 20 years
 Mr.&nbsp;Oehler&rsquo;s transaction
experience includes public offerings and private placements of debt and equity securities
 mergers and acquisitions
 fairness
opinions and valuations of private companies. Prior to joining Waycrosse
 Mr.&nbsp;Oehler was an investment banker for Piper
Jaffray. By the time he left Piper Jaffray in 1999
 he was group head for Piper&rsquo;s Industrial Growth Team. He has also
played a leadership role in a number of corporate buy-outs and venture stage companies
 served on corporate and non-profit
boards of directors
 and has been involved in the creation and oversight of foundations and charitable organizations
 as well
as U.S. trusts and off-shore entities. Mr. Oehler has been a director of Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. since May 2017.





    
    



been a board member and founder of many non-profit organizations including the Minnesota Zoological Society
 Minnesota Landscape
Arboretum
 The Lake Country Land School
 Greencastle Tropical Study Center
 Park Nicollet Institute
 Afton Historical Society Press
United Theological Seminary and University of Minnesota Investment Advisor
 Inc. He has been a director of Waycrosse
&nbsp;Inc.
WayTrust&nbsp;Inc.
 Dain Equity Partners
&nbsp;Inc.
 Time Management
&nbsp;Inc.
 BioNIR
&nbsp;Inc. and Agricultural Solutions
&nbsp;Inc.
In September 2007
 Mr.&nbsp;Oehler completed the Stanford University Law School Directors Forum
 a three-day update on key issues
facing corporate directors presented by the Stanford Business School and Stanford Law School. From 1984 through 1999
 Mr.&nbsp;Oehler
was registered with the National Association of Securities Dealers (&ldquo;NASD&rdquo;) as a financial principal. Mr.&nbsp;Oehler
is a graduate of the University of Minnesota College of Liberal Arts and has completed all course work at the University of Minnesota
Business School with a concentration in finance.



Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Oehler is the Founding Partner of Windward Mark
 LLC (2017
to present)
 was the president of Bashaw Group
&nbsp;Inc. (2007 to 2017)
 was the president and chief executive officer of Waycrosse
&nbsp;Inc.
(1999 to 2007). He served as an investment banker for Piper Jaffray until 1999
 achieving the position of group head of its Industrial
Growth Team.

Industry experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Oehler has been a director of Waycrosse
&nbsp;Inc.
 WayTrust&nbsp;Inc.
Dain Equity Partners
&nbsp;Inc.
 Time Management
&nbsp;Inc.
 BioNIR
&nbsp;Inc. and Agricultural Solutions
&nbsp;Inc.

Education experience - Mr.&nbsp;Oehler is a graduate of the University of Minnesota College of
Liberal Arts.

Joseph
 was appointed as a director of the Company to fill a newly-created directorship seat on August&nbsp;31
 2012.
Mr.&nbsp;Lahti is a Minneapolis native and leader in numerous Minnesota business and community organizations. As principal of
JL Holdings since 1989
 Mr.&nbsp;Lahti has provided funding and management leadership to several early-stage or distressed
companies. From 1993 to 2002
 he held the positions of chief operating officer
 president
 chief executive officer and
chairman at Shuffle Master
&nbsp;Inc.
 a company that provided innovative products to the gaming industry. Mr.&nbsp;Lahti
served as Chairman of the Board of PokerTek
 Inc.
 a publicly traded company sold in October 2014. and he also served as an
independent director and Chairman of AFAM Capital until October of 2018 and then as Chairman of the Board of Innealta
 an
investment manager. Within the past five years Mr.&nbsp;Lahti served on the board of directors of Voyager Oil &amp;
Gas
 Inc.
 and more than five years ago Mr.&nbsp;Lahti served as the Chairman of the Board of directors of Shuffle
Master
 Inc. and served on the board of directors of Zomax
 Inc. Through his public company Board experience
 he
has participated on
 and chaired
 both Audit and Compensation Committees. Mr. Lahti has been a director of Black Ridge
Acquisition Corp. since May 2017.



Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Lahti is a principal of JL Holdings (1989 to present). Mr.&nbsp;Lahti
serves as Chairman of AFAM Capital. He recently served as Chairman of the Board of PokerTek
&nbsp;Inc.
 a publicly traded company.
He served as chief executive officer and chairman of Shuffle Master
&nbsp;Inc.
 a publicly traded company (1997-2002).

Industry experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Lahti has participated as an independent director in several
public companies in a variety of other industries
 including serving as an independent director of Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
and serving as the compensation committee chair for Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. and Poker Tek
&nbsp;Inc. and compensation
committee member of Zomax&nbsp;Inc. and several private companies.

Education experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Lahti holds Bachelor of Arts degree in economics from Harvard
University.


was appointed as a director of the Company to fill a newly-created directorship seat on October 26
 2016 and was appointed to our
audit committee on December 12
 2016. Mr. Berman began his career with Berman Buckskin
 his family's leather business. He helped
grow the business into a major specialty retailer with 27 outlets. After selling Berman Buckskin to WJL Grace in 1979
 Mr. Berman
continued as President and Chief Executive Officer and led the company to become one the county's largest retail leather chains
with over 200 stores nationwide. In 1990
 Mr. Berman participated in the founding of Grand Casinos
 Inc. Mr. Berman is credited
as one of the early visionaries in the development of casinos outside of the traditional gaming markets of Las Vegas and Atlantic
City. In less than five years
 the company opened eight casino resorts in four states. In 1994
 Mr. Berman financed the initial
development of Rainforest Cafe. He served as the Chairman and CEO from 1994 unti1 2000. In October 1995
 Mr. Berman was honored
with the B'nai B'rith &quot;Great American Traditions Award.&quot; In April 1996
 he received the Gaming Executive of the Year
Award; in 2004
 Mr. Berman was inducted into the Poker Hall of Fame; and in 2009
 he received the Casino Lifetime Achievement Award
from Raving Consulting &amp; Casino Journal. In 1998
 Lakes Entertainment
 Inc. was formed.


 as Chairman
of the Board and CEO of Lakes Entertainment
 Inc.
 Mr. Berman was instrumental in creating the World Poker Tour. Mr. Berman served
as the Executive Chairman of the Board of WPT Enterprises
 Inc. (later known as Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Emerald Oil
 Inc.)
from its inception in February 2002 until July 2013. Mr. Berman also served as a director of PokerTek
 Inc. from January 2005 until
October 2014
 including serving as Chairman of the Board from January 2005 until October 2011. Mr. Berman has been a director of
Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. since May 2017.





    
    



who is the chairman of our Board of Directors
 is Mr. Lyle Berman&rsquo;s son.


qualifications:

Leadership experience &ndash; Mr. Berman served as Chairman of the Board and CEO of Lakes Entertainment
Inc. (1999-2015). He served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Grand Casinos
 Inc. (the predecessor to Lakes) (1991-1998).
He served as the Executive Chairman of the Board of WPT Enterprises
 Inc. (later known as Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Emerald
Oil
 Inc.) (2002-2013). He served as Chairman of the Board of PokerTek
 Inc. (2005-2011). He served as Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer of Rainforest Caf&eacute;
 Inc. (1994-2000). Mr. Berman currently serves on the Board of Directors of Golden
Entertainment
 Inc.
 Redstone American Grill
 Inc.
 Black Ridge Acquisition Corp.
 Augeo Affinity Marketing
 Inc.
 Poker52
 LLC
LubeZone
 Inc.
 and Mill City Ventures
 Ltd.

Industry experience &ndash; He served as the Executive Chairman of the Board of Voyager Oil &amp;
Gas
 Inc. (later known as Emerald Oil
 Inc.) (2010-2013).

Education experience &ndash; Mr. Berman holds a degree in Business Administration from the University
of Minnesota.


to make any specific amount or percentage of his business time available to us. Each of our officers intends to devote such amount
of his or her time to our affairs as is required or deemed appropriate.






have a standing nominating committee
 but rather the Board of Directors as a whole considers director nominees. The Board of Directors
has determined this is appropriate given the size of the Board of Directors and the Company&rsquo;s current size. The Board will
consider candidates suggested by its members
 other directors
 senior management and stockholders in anticipation of upcoming elections
and actual or expected board vacancies. The Board of Directors has not adopted a formal diversity policy or established specific
minimum criteria or qualifications because from time to time the needs of the Board and the Company may change. All candidates
including those recommended by stockholders
 are evaluated on the same basis in light of the entirety of their credentials and
the needs of the Board of Directors and the Company. Of particular importance is the candidate&rsquo;s wisdom
 integrity
 ability
to make independent analytical inquiries
 understanding of the business environment in which the Company operates
 as well as his
or her potential contribution to the diversity of the Board of Directors and his or her willingness to devote adequate time to
fulfill his or her duties as a director. The Board of Directors will consider director candidates recommended by the Company&rsquo;s
stockholders. Stockholders may recommend director candidates by contacting the Chairman of the Board as provided under the heading
&ldquo;Communications with the Board of Directors.&rdquo; The Company did not employ a search firm or pay fees to other third parties
in connection with seeking or evaluating board nominee candidates.




December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2018
 the Board of Directors held four meetings
 the Audit Committee held four meetings
 and the Compensation
Committee held no meetings. Each of our elected Directors attended at least 75% of all meetings of the Board of Directors and the
committees on which he served during the year.




hold an annual meeting of stockholders in 2018. If the Company holds an annual meeting of stockholders in the future
 the Board
of Directors will encourage Directors to attend such annual meeting.




has no formal policy with respect to separation of the positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or with respect to whether
the Chairman should be a member of management or an independent director
 and believes that these are matters that should be discussed
and determined by the Board from time to time based on the position and direction of the Company and the membership of the Board.
The Board has determined that having Bradley Berman serve as Chairman is in the best interest of the Company&rsquo;s stockholders
at this time due to his extensive knowledge of the Company. Further
 the separation of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
positions allows the Chief Executive Officer to focus on the management of the Company&rsquo;s day-to-day operations.





    
    





believes that risk management is an important component of the Company&rsquo;s corporate strategy. The Board
 as a whole
 oversees
our risk management process
 and discusses and reviews with management major policies with respect to risk assessment and risk
management. The Board is regularly informed through its interactions with management and committee reports about risks we currently
face
 as well as the most likely areas of future risk
 in the course of our business including economic
 financial
 operational
legal and regulatory risks.




interested persons seeking to communicate directly with the Board of Directors
 the independent directors as a group or any of
the Audit or Compensation Committees of the Board of Directors
 should submit their written comments c/o Corporate Secretary at
our principal executive offices at 110 North Fifth Street
 Suite 410
 Minneapolis MN 55403 and should indicate in the address whether
the communication is intended for the Chairman of the Board
 the Independent Directors or a Committee Chair. The Chairman of the
Board will review any such communication at the next regularly scheduled Board of Directors meeting unless
 in his or her judgment
earlier communication to the Board of Directors is warranted.


the Board of Directors
 we reserve the right to screen all materials sent to its directors for potential security risks
 harassment
purposes or routine solicitations.




has adopted a Code of Ethics which applies to our directors
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and other Company
employees who perform similar functions.




Exchange Act requires the Company&rsquo;s directors
 executive officers and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class
of the Company&rsquo;s securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common
stock and other equity securities of the Company. Directors
 executive officers and greater than 10% stockholders are required
by SEC regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all Section&nbsp;16(a) reports they file. To our knowledge
 based solely
on the review of the copies of these forms furnished to us and representations that no other reports were required
 the Company
believes that all forms required to be filed under Section 16 of the Exchange Act for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2018
were filed timely.






as a &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act and Item&nbsp;10 of Regulation
S-K. Accordingly
 and in accordance with relevant SEC rules and guidance
 we have elected
 with respect to the disclosures required
by Item 402 (Executive Compensation) of Regulation&nbsp;S-K
 to comply with the disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting
companies. The following Compensation Overview is not comparable to the &ldquo;Compensation Discussion and Analysis&rdquo; that
is required of SEC reporting companies that are not smaller reporting companies.


Overview describes the material elements of compensation for our executive officers identified in the Summary Compensation Table
(&ldquo;Named Executive Officers&rdquo;)
 and executive officers that we may hire in the future. As more fully described below
our board&rsquo;s compensation committee reviews and recommends policies
 practices
 and procedures relating to the total direct
compensation of our executive officers
 including the Named Executive Officers
 and the establishment and administration of certain
of our employee benefit plans to our board of directors.





    
    





is based on the premise of attracting
 retaining
 and motivating exceptional leaders
 setting high goals
 working toward the common
objectives of meeting the expectations of customers and stockholders
 and rewarding outstanding performance. Following this philosophy
we consider all relevant factors in determining executive compensation
 including the competition for talent
 our desire to link
pay with performance
 the use of equity to align executive interests with those of our stockholders
 individual contributions
teamwork
 and each executive&rsquo;s total compensation package. We strive to accomplish these objectives by compensating all executives
with compensation packages consisting of a combination of competitive base salary and incentive compensation.


by our Named Executive Officers is based primarily on the levels at which we can afford to retain them and their responsibilities
and individual contributions. Our compensation policy also reflects our strategy of minimizing general and administration expenses
and utilizing independent professional consultants. Our compensation committee and board of directors apply the compensation philosophy
and policies described below to determine the compensation of Named Executive Officers.


of the compensation and benefits we consider is to attract
 retain
 and motivate highly talented individuals who will engage in
the behavior necessary to enable us to succeed in our mission
 while upholding our values in a highly competitive marketplace.
Different elements are designed to engender different behaviors
 and the actual incentive amounts which may be awarded to each
Named Executive Officer are subject to the annual review of our compensation committee who will make recommendations regarding
compensation to our board of directors. The following is a brief description of the key elements of our planned executive compensation
structure.




Incentive compensation awards are designed to focus employees on the business objectives for a
particular year.

Equity incentive awards
 such as stock options and non-vested stock
 focus executives&rsquo; efforts
on the behaviors within the recipients&rsquo; control that they believe are designed to ensure our long-term success as reflected
in increases to our stock prices over a period of several years
 growth in our profitability and other elements.

Severance and change in control plans are designed to facilitate a company&rsquo;s ability to attract
and retain executives as we compete for talented employees in a marketplace where such protections are commonly offered.




benchmarking but may do so in the future. When making compensation decisions
 our compensation committee and board of directors
may compare each element of compensation paid to our Named Executive Officers against a report showing comparable compensation
metrics from a group that includes both publicly-traded and privately-held companies. Our board believes that while such peer group
benchmarks are a point of reference for measurement
 they are not necessarily a determining factor in setting executive compensation.
Each executive officer&rsquo;s compensation relative to the benchmark varies based on the scope of responsibility and time in the
position. We have not yet formally established our peer group for this purpose.






salaries are based on job responsibilities and individual contribution. Our compensation committee and board of directors review
the base salaries of our executive officers
 including our Named Executive Officers
 considering factors such as corporate progress
toward achieving objectives (without reference to any specific performance-related targets) and individual performance experience
and expertise. Other than the Change of Control Agreements described below
 none of our Named Executive Officers have employment
agreements with us. Additional factors reviewed by our compensation committee and board of directors in determining appropriate
base salary levels and raises include subjective factors related to corporate and individual performance. For the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2018
all executive officer base salary decisions were approved by the board of directors.





    
    



determines and then recommends to the whole board base salaries for the Named Executive Officers at the beginning of each fiscal
year. The compensation committee proposes new base salary amounts
 if appropriate
 based on its evaluation of individual performance
and expected future contributions. The board of directors then approves base salary amounts for the fiscal year. In 2014
 we did
not have a 401(k) Plan. We put our 401K Plan in place for 2015
 but suspended matching contributions for 2016 and thereafter
 except
those mandated by IRS rules. Compensation paid in cash is the only element of compensation that will be used in determining the
amount of contributions permitted under the 401(k) Plan.




in 2018 or 2017.


industry conditions improve
 and bonuses become affordable and justifiable
 we expect to use the following parameters in justifying
and quantifying bonuses for our Named Executive Officers and other officers of the Company: (1) the growth in our revenue
 (2)
the growth in our earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization
 as adjusted (&ldquo;EBITDA&rdquo;)
 and (3) our
stock price. The board has not adopted specific performance goals and target bonus amounts
 but may do so in the future.




&nbsp;2010
as amended on February&nbsp;22
&nbsp;2011 and March&nbsp;2
&nbsp;2012
 our board of directors adopted the Amended and Restated
2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2012 Plan) under which a total of 7
500
000 shares of our common stock have been reserved for issuance
as restricted stock or pursuant to the grant and exercise of stock options. The 2012 Plan has been approved by the holders of a
majority of our outstanding shares.


 2016
 our board of
directors adopted the 2016 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (the 2016 Plan) under which a total of 3
813
500 shares of our common
stock have been reserved for issuance pursuant to the grant and exercise of non-qualified stock options.


 2018
 the Board of Directors
(the &ldquo;Board&rdquo;) of the Company approved and adopted the Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. 2018 Management Incentive Plan
(the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;) and the form of 2018 Management Incentive Plan Award Agreement (the &ldquo;Award Agreement&rdquo;).


Plan and Award Agreement
 the Board approved the issuance of awards (the &ldquo;Awards&rdquo;) to certain individuals including
officers and directors (the &ldquo;Grantees&rdquo;)
 representing a percentage of the shares of BRAC held by the Company as of
the date of closing of a business combination for the acquisition of a target business as described in the BRAC prospectus dated
October 4
 2017
 as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



awards motivate our employees to work to improve our business and stock price performance
 thereby further linking the interests
of our senior management and our stockholders. The board considers several factors in determining whether awards are granted to
an executive officer
 including those previously described
 as well as the executive&rsquo;s position
 his or her performance and
responsibilities
 and the amount of options or other awards
 if any
 currently held by the officer and their vesting schedule.
Our policy prohibits backdating options or granting them retroactively.





    
    





business we have benefits that are generally comparable to those offered by other small private and public companies and no prerequisites
for our employees. Other than a 401(k) Plan that we put in place at the beginning of 2015
 we do not have any other retirement
plan for our Named Executive Officers. We may adopt these plans and confer other fringe benefits for our executive officers in
the future.




employment agreements with our Named Executive Officers or any other executive officer or employee of the Company. However
 as
of the date of this filing
 we have entered into Change of Control Agreements (the &ldquo;CIC Agreements&rdquo;) with executives
Ken DeCubellis
 James Moe
 and Michael Eisele. The CIC Agreements provide that
 in the event that (i) the executive is terminated
other than for cause
 disability
 or death
 or (ii) there is a &ldquo;Change in Circumstances&rdquo;
 in either case within 12
months of a &ldquo;Change in Control
&rdquo; then the executive is entitled to receive his annual salary in regular distributions
over the course of the next 12 months
 to take part in the Company&rsquo;s health and dental group policies
 and to receive the
same employer contributions for health and dental coverage that the Company provides to its other executive employees as of the
executive&rsquo;s last day of employment with the Company.


CIC Agreements
 a &ldquo;Change in Control&rdquo; is broadly defined to include the acquisition by any person
 entity
 or group
of at least 33% of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding voting securities entitled to vote for the election of directors (excluding
equity offerings)
 a turnover of at least a majority of the board seats from the date of the Change in Control Agreement (subject
to exceptions for new board members who are approved by a majority of incumbent directors)
 and approval by our stockholders of
a major corporate transaction such as a sale of substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 liquidation or dissolution of
the Company
 or a merger or consolidation in which our stockholders hold 50% or less of the equity in the surviving entity.


Circumstances&rdquo; is defined by the Change in Control Agreements to include demotions or substantial changes in material duties
salary reductions that are not applied equally to other similarly situated executives
 required relocation to a destination more
than 50 miles away
 a substantial reduction in benefits and perquisites
 or any other material change in the terms and conditions
of the applicable executive&rsquo;s employment. In order for a Change in Circumstances to give rise to the Company&rsquo;s obligation
to provide severance and the benefits described above to an executive
 the executive must object to the Change in Circumstances
within 30 days of its occurrence.




sets forth the total compensation paid in all forms to our named executive officers of the Company during the periods indicated:



    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 
    
275
000
    
    
    
    
    
275
000

    
    
275
000
    
    
    
    
    
275
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 
    
187
000
    
    
    
    
    
187
000

    
    
187
000
    
    
    
    
    
187
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 
    
192
500
    
    
    
    
    
192
500

    
    
192
500
    
    
    
    
    
192
500






    
    





in Control Agreements described above
 we have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers to date.
We may enter into employment agreements with them in the future.




sets forth information with respect to unexercised stock options
 stock that has not vested
 and equity incentive plan awards held
by our executive officers at December&nbsp;31
 2018.




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Kenneth T. DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer
802
667
401
333
    
December 11
 2026

    
120
000
80
000
    
September&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2025

    
46
400
11
600
    
December&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2024

    
750
000
    
    
December&nbsp;11
&nbsp;2023

    
400
000
    
    
January&nbsp;23
&nbsp;2023

    
1
000
000
    
    
September&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2022

    
    
    
    
    

Michael Eisele
 Chief Operating Officer
333
333
166
667
    
December 11
 2026

    
120
000
80
000
    
September&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2025

    
32
000
8
000
    
December&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2024

    
250
000
    
    
December&nbsp;11
&nbsp;2023

    
165
000
    
    
July&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2023

    
165
000
    
    
January&nbsp;23
&nbsp;2023

    
150
000
    
    
August&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2022

    
    
    
    
    

James Moe
 Chief Financial Officer
300
000
150
000
    
December 11
 2026

    
90
000
60
000
    
September&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2025

    
32
000
8
000
    
December&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2024

    
200
000
    
    
December&nbsp;11
&nbsp;2023

    
115
000
    
    
January&nbsp;23
&nbsp;2023

    
500
000
    
    
September&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2022

    
200
000
    
    
November&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2021

Options granted on December
12
 2016
 vest in three equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next two anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.
Options granted on September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.
Options granted on December&nbsp;22
&nbsp;2014
vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.
Options granted on December&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2013
vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.
Options granted on January&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2013
vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.




    
    


Options granted on September&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2012
vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.
Options granted on August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2013
vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.
Options granted on August&nbsp;10
&nbsp;2012
vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.
Options granted on November&nbsp;2
&nbsp;2011
vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.




officers exercised any stock options or acquired stock through vesting of an equity award during the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2018.




paid or accrued by us to our directors for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2018.


has not yet recommended policy for board compensation
 however option awards have been granted to independent directors upon joining
the board. The Company has not paid cash fees to directors and has no formal compensation arrangements with its directors. While
there is no set policy regarding board compensation
 this may be subject to change by the directors.


ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 15
 2019
 based on information obtained
from the persons named below or as filed with the SEC
 with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock by:
(i) each person who is known by us to own beneficially more than 5% of our common stock; (ii) each director; (iii) each named executive
officer; and (iv) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. On March 15
 2019
 we had 479
844
900 shares of common
stock outstanding.


below and elsewhere in this form
 the term &ldquo;beneficial ownership&rdquo; with respect to a security consists of sole or shared
voting power
 including the power to vote or direct the vote and/or sole or shared investment power
 including the power to dispose
or direct the disposition
 with respect to the security through any contract
 arrangement
 understanding
 relationship
 or otherwise
including a right to acquire such power(s) during the next 60 days following March 15
 2019. Inclusion of shares in the table does
not
 however
 constitute an admission that the named stockholder is a direct or indirect beneficial owner of those shares. Unless
otherwise indicated
 (i) each person or entity named in the table has sole voting power and investment power (or shares that power
with that person&rsquo;s spouse) with respect to all shares of capital stock listed as owned by that person or entity
 and (ii)
the address of each person or entity named in the table is c/o Black&nbsp;Ridge&nbsp;Oil&nbsp;&amp;&nbsp;Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 110 Fifth
Street North
 Suite&nbsp;410
 Minneapolis
 Minnesota&nbsp;55403.





    
    




Name
 Title and Address
    of Beneficial Owner
Number of Shares
    Beneficially Owned
    

Bradley Berman
 Chairman of Board and Director
59
166
893
    

Ken DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer
47
359
350
    

Michael Eisele
 Chief Operating Officer
1
215
333
    

James Moe
 Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary
1
437
000
    

Joseph Lahti
 Director
7
351
469
    

Benjamin Oehler
 Director
8
755
293
    

Lyle Berman
 Director
65
571
997
    

    
190
857
335
    

    
        
        
        Street
Minneapolis
 MN 55402
46
788
643
    

    
        
        
Minneapolis
 MN 55402
46
385
143
    

    
        
Las Vegas
 NV 89135
37
173
130
    

Perkins Capital Management
        Inc.
        
Wayzata
 MN 55391
30
021
032
    

Ernest W. Moody Revocable
        Trust
175 East Reno Avenue
        Suite C6
Las Vegas
 NV 89119
25
000
000
    

    
        
Mamaroneck
 NY 10543
24
045
878
    




&nbsp;*Indicates beneficial ownership
of less than 1%.

Except
as pursuant to applicable community property laws
 the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect
to all shares of common stock beneficially owned. The total number of issued and outstanding shares and the total number of shares
owned by each person does not include unexercised warrants and stock options owned by parties other than for whom the calculation
is presented
 and is calculated as of March 15
&nbsp;2019.
Includes
480
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options exercisable within 60 days of March 15
 2019
 7
122
290 shares
held by certain trusts for the children of Mr.&nbsp;Bradley Berman
 and 1
858
980 shares owned by Mr.&nbsp;Bradley Berman&rsquo;s
spouse.
Includes
3
197
817 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options and warrants exercisable within 60 days of March 15
 2019
 10
550
383
shares owned by Mr. Ken DeCubellis&rsquo; spouse and 19
687 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock warrants exercisable
within 60 days of March 15
 2019.
Includes
1
215
333 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options exercisable within 60 days of March 15
 2019.
Includes
1
437
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options exercisable within 60 days of March 15
 2019.
Includes
651
250 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options and warrants exercisable within 60 days of March 15
 2019 and
200
000 shares held by Mr. Lahti&rsquo;s spouse.
Includes
755
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options exercisable within 60 days of March 15
 2019 and
8
000
293 shares held by Mr. Oehler&rsquo;s spouse and 15
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to warrants held by Mr.
Oehler&rsquo;s spouse.
Includes
345
043 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options and warrants exercisable within 60 days of March 15
 2019. Does
not include 37
173
130 shares held by trusts for the children of Mr.&nbsp;Lyle Berman
 for which Mr.&nbsp;Neil Sell and Mr. Gary
Raimist are co-trustees.
Includes
15
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock warrants exercisable within 60 days of March 15
 2019 and includes an aggregate
of 37
173
130 shares owned by certain trusts for the benefit of Mr.&nbsp;Lyle Berman&rsquo;s children
 for which Mr.&nbsp;Sell
is a co-trustee with Mr. Raimist. Does not include 180
000 shares held by Mr.&nbsp;Sell&rsquo;s spouse
 for which Mr.&nbsp;Sell
disclaims beneficial ownership.
Includes
75
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock warrants exercisable within 60 days of March 15
 2019 and 2
000
000 shares
of common stock owned by Mr. Fleck&rsquo;s spouse.
(11)

173
130 shares owned by certain trusts for the benefit of Mr.&nbsp;Lyle Berman&rsquo;s children
 for which
Mr.&nbsp;Raimist is a co-trustee with Mr. Sell.
Perkins
Capital Management
 Inc. is an investment advisor with sole power dispose or to direct the disposition of the shares including
45
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock warrants exercisable within 60 days of March 15
 2019.





    
    


ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND
RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE






of the Company purchased 173
843
308 shares between the Rights Offering and as participants in the Backstop Agreement for $2
086
120
and received 179
376 warrants to purchase shares of common stock at $0.01 per share for their participation in the Backstop Agreement.


the approval of the Plan and Award Agreement
 the Board approved the issuance of awards (the &ldquo;Awards&rdquo;) to certain individuals
including officers and directors (the &ldquo;Grantees&rdquo;)
 representing a percentage of the shares of BRAC held by the Company
as of the date of closing of a business combination for the acquisition of a target business as described in the BRAC prospectus
dated October 4
 2017
 as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





connection with an intended initial business combination
 BROG
 and its officers
 directors or their affiliates may
 but are not
obligated to
 loan BRAC funds as may be required. If BRAC consummates an initial business combination
 BRAC would repay such loaned
amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close
 BRAC may use a portion of the working capital held
outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts
 but no proceeds from BRAC&rsquo;s trust account would be used for such
repayment. Up to $1
500
000 of such loans may be convertible into units of the post business combination entity at a price of $10.00
per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the Placement Units.


 2018
 BROG has loaned
BRAC
 in the form of a convertible promissory note
 an aggregate of $350
000 to cover expenses related to a proposed business combination.
This note
 issued on December 10
 2018
 is unsecured
 non-interest bearing and is payable at the consummation by BRAC of a merger
share exchange
 asset acquisition
 or other similar business combination
 with one or more businesses or entities (a &ldquo;Business
Combination&rdquo;). Upon consummation of a Business Combination
 the principal balance of the note may be converted
 at BROG&rsquo;s
option
 to units at a price of $10.00 per unit. The terms of the units are identical to the units issued by BRAC in its initial
public offering
&nbsp;except the warrants included in such units will be non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis
in each case so long as they continue to be held by BROG or its permitted transferees. If BROG converts the entire principal balance
of the convertible promissory note
 it would receive 35
000 units. If a Business Combination is not consummated
 the note will
not be repaid by BRAC and all amounts owed thereunder by BRAC will be forgiven except to the extent that BRAC has funds available
to it outside of its trust account established in connection with the initial public offering. The issuance of the note was exempt
pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.

Review and Approval of Transactions
with Related Persons


has adopted a related party transaction policy whereby any proposed transaction between the Company and any officer or director
any stockholder owning in excess of 5% of the Company&rsquo;s stock
 immediate family member of an officer or director
 or an entity
that is substantially owned or controlled by one of these individuals
 must be approved by a majority of the disinterested members
of the Audit Committee. The only exceptions to this policy are for transactions that are available to all employees of the Company
generally or involve less than $25
000. If the proposed transaction involves executive or director compensation
 it must be approved
by the Compensation Committee. Similarly
 if a significant opportunity is presented to any of the Company&rsquo;s officers or directors
such officer or director must first present the opportunity to the Board for consideration.





    
    



the Audit Committee
 the Audit Committee meets with the Company's management to discuss any proposed related party transactions.
A majority of disinterested members of the Audit Committee must approve a transaction for the Company to enter into it. If approved
management will update the Audit Committee with any material changes to the approved transaction at its regularly scheduled meetings.




currently quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. As such
 we are not currently subject to corporate governance standards of listed companies
which require
 among other things
 that the majority of the board of directors be independent. We are not currently subject to
corporate governance standards defining the independence of our directors
 and we have chosen to define an &ldquo;independent&rdquo;
director in accordance with the NASDAQ Global Market&rsquo;s requirements for independent directors. Our Board of Directors has
determined that each of our directors is &ldquo;independent&rdquo; in accordance with the NASDAQ Global Market&rsquo;s requirements.
Thus
 a majority of the current Board of Directors is independent.


will review at least annually the independence of each director. During these reviews
 our Board of Directors will consider transactions
and relationships between each director (and his or her immediate family and affiliates) and us and our management to determine
whether any such transactions or relationships are inconsistent with a determination that the director was independent. The Board
of Directors will conduct its annual review of director independence and to determine if any transactions or relationships exist
that would disqualify any of the individuals who then served as a director under the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market
 or require
disclosure under SEC rules.





PLLC (&ldquo;M&amp;K&rdquo;) was the Company&rsquo;s independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended
December&nbsp;31
 2018 and 2017 and has served the Company as its independent registered public accounting firm since our
inception.




presents fees for professional services rendered by M&amp;K for the audit of the Company&rsquo;s annual financial statements for
the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2018 and 2017.



    



    
    
    

    
38
500
28
750

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
4
700

    
38
500
33
450




    
    


Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval
of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


is responsible for appointing
 setting compensation for
 and overseeing the work of the Company&rsquo;s independent registered
public accounting firm. The Audit Committee has established a policy regarding pre-approval of all audit and permissible non-audit
services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm
 and all such services were approved by the Audit Committee
in the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2018 and&nbsp;2017.





    
    



assesses requests for services by the independent registered public accounting firm using several factors. The Audit Committee
will consider whether such services are consistent with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board&rsquo;s and SEC&rsquo;s rules
on auditor independence. In addition
 the Audit Committee will determine whether the independent registered public accounting firm
is best positioned to provide the most effective and efficient service based upon the members&rsquo; familiarity with the Company&rsquo;s
business
 people
 culture
 accounting systems
 risk profile and whether the service might enhance the Company&rsquo;s ability to
manage or control risk or improve audit quality.




of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in its general oversight of the Company&rsquo;s financial reporting
process. The Audit Committee&rsquo;s function is more fully described in its charter
 which can be found on the Company&rsquo;s
website at www.blackridgeoil.com. The Committee reviews the charter on an annual basis. The Board of Directors has determined that
each member of the Committee is independent in accordance with the NASDAQ Global Market&rsquo;s requirements for independent directors.
The Board of Directors has also determined that Benjamin Oehler qualifies as an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert&rdquo;
within the meaning of Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements
and reporting process. The independent registered public accounting firm is responsible for auditing those financial statements
and expressing an opinion on the fairness of the audited financial statements based on the audit conducted in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.


responsibilities set forth in its charter
 the Audit Committee has:



    
Reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2018 with management and M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC
 the Company&rsquo;s independent auditors;




    
Discussed with M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC the matters required to be discussed by Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) Auditing Standard No.&nbsp;16 (Communication with Audit Committee); and




    
Received the written disclosures and the letter from M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC required by the applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC&rsquo;s communications with the audit committee concerning independence
 and has discussed with M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC its independence.



also considered
 as it determined appropriate
 tax matters and other areas of financial reporting and the audit process over which
the Audit Committee has oversight.


review and discussions described above
 the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited financial statements
be included in the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2018 for filing
with the SEC.



    

    

Benjamin Oehler
 

    

    












    
    




ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES





    
    

    
Distribution Agreement by and between Ante4
&nbsp;Inc. (now Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.) and Ante5
&nbsp;Inc. (now Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.)
 dated April&nbsp;16
&nbsp;2010
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commissioner by Voyager
    Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on April&nbsp;19
&nbsp;2010)

    
    

    
Certificate
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Form 8-K filed
    with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on April&nbsp;3
&nbsp;2012)

    
    

    
Plan and Agreement of Merger by and between Black Ridge Oil
    &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 dated December&nbsp;10
&nbsp;2012
    Exhibit&nbsp;2.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
    on December&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2012)

    
    

    
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;3.1
    of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on December&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2012)

    
    

    
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;3.2 of the
    Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on December&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2012)

    
    

    
Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. 2012 Amended and Restated
    Stock Incentive Plan
    Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on March&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2012)

    
    

    
Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas Amendment of 2012 Stock Incentive
    Plan
    Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on September&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2012)

    
    

    
 (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit&nbsp;10.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
    on September&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2012)

    
    

    
 (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit&nbsp;99.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
    on December 14
 2016)

    
    

    
 (incorporated by
    reference to Exhibit&nbsp;99.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp;
    Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on December 14
 2016)

    
    

    
 (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
    on March 6
 2018)

    
    

    
Form
    of 2018 Management Incentive Plan Award Agreement
    filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp;     Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on March 6
 2018)






    
    




    
Form of Voting Agreement used in connection with our private
    placement which closed on December&nbsp;16
&nbsp;2010
    with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
&nbsp;Inc. on August&nbsp;22
&nbsp;2011)

    
    

    
Subscription Agreement dated April&nbsp;13
&nbsp;2010
 by and
    between Ante4
&nbsp;Inc. and Ante5
&nbsp;Inc.
    Statement filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April&nbsp;23
&nbsp;2010)

    
    

    
Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between Ante4
&nbsp;Inc. (now Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.)

&nbsp;Inc. (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;2.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commissioner by Voyager Oil &amp;
    Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on April&nbsp;19
&nbsp;2010)

    
    

    
Asset Purchase Agreement dated August&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2009 by and among Peerless Media
&nbsp;Ltd. and WPT Enterprises
&nbsp;Inc.
    8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on August&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2009)

    
    

    
Guaranty Agreement dated August&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2009 made by ElectraWorks&nbsp;Ltd. In favor of WPT Enterprises
&nbsp;Inc.
    and Exchange Commission by Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on August&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2009)

    
    

    
Form of Indemnification Agreement
    with Officers and Directors
    Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on March&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2013)

    
    

    
Change of Control Agreement
 dated April&nbsp;5
&nbsp;2013
    by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. and Ken DeCubellis
    the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on April&nbsp;5
&nbsp;2013)

    
    

    
Change of Control Agreement
 dated April&nbsp;5
&nbsp;2013
    by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. and James Moe
    on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on April&nbsp;5
&nbsp;2013)

    
    

    
Change of Control Agreement
 dated August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2013
    by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. and Michael Eisele
    the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2013)

    
    

    
Limited Liability Company Agreement of
    Merced Black Ridge
 LLC dated July&nbsp;21
&nbsp;201
    filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on November 12
 2015)

    
    

    
Management Services Agreement dated July&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2015
    by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Merced Black Ridge
 LLC
    Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on November 12
 2015)

    
    

    
Limited Liability Company Agreement of
    Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC dated June&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2016
    Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on August 15
 2016)

    
    

    
Management Services Agreement dated June&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2016
    by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC
    10.4 of the Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on August
    15
 2016)

    
    

    
Standby Purchase Agreement
 dated as of
    May 23
 2017
 by and among Black Ridge Oil and Gas
 Inc. and the Investors named therein
    10.10 of the Report on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on May
    23
 2017)






    
    




    
Amendment to Standby Purchase Agreement
    dated as of September 22
 2017 by and among Black Ridge&nbsp;&nbsp;Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and the Investors named therein
    by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil
    &amp; Gas
 Inc. on September 22
 2017)

    
    

    
Assignment Agreement
 dated October 2
    2017
 by and among Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 Chambers Energy Capital II
 LP and CEC II TE
 LLC
    to Exhibit 10.12 on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on December
    12
 2017)

    
    

    
Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. 2018 Management
    Incentive Plan
    Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on March 6
 2018)

    
    

    
    
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by
    Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on March 6
 2018)

    
    

    
Registration Rights Agreement
 dated October
    4
 2017
 by and among Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. and Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
    10.18 of the Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on April
    12
 2018)

    
    

    
Administrative Services Agreement
 dated
    October 4
 2017
 by and among Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. and Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
    to Exhibit 10.19 of the Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
    Inc. on April 12
 2018)

    
    

    
Warrant Agreement
 dated October 4
 2017
    between Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company.
    10.20 of the Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on April
    12
 2018)

    
    

    
Rights Agreement
 dated October 4
 2017
    between Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company.
    10.21 of the Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on April
    12
 2018)

    
    

    
Form of Unit Purchase Option between Black
    Ridge Acquisition Corp. and EarlyBirdCapital
 Inc.
    filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on April 12
 2018)

    
    

    
Form of Letter Agreement from each of Black
    Ridge Acquisition Corp.&rsquo;s sponsor
 officers and directors. 
    on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on April 12
 2018)

    
    

    
Investment Management Trust Account Agreement
&nbsp;dated
    October 4
 2017
 between Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company.
    reference to Exhibit 10.24 of the Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil
    &amp; Gas
 Inc. on April 12
 2018)

    
    

    
Stock Escrow Agreement
 dated October 4
    2017
 by and among Black Ridge Acquisition Corp.
 Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company and Black Ridge Oil &amp;
    Gas
 Inc.
    by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on April 12
 2018)






    
    




    
Form of Promissory Note issued by Black
    Ridge Acquisition Corp. to Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
    10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on April 12
 2018)

    
    

    
Settlement
    Agreement and Release
 dated August 21
 2018
    with     the     Securities and Exchange Commission     by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on September 30
 2018)

    
    

    
Promissory Note
 dated December 10
 2018
 issued by Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. to Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.

    
    

    
 (including on signature
    pages)

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    









    
    






of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.





Dated: March 22
 2019
BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
Kenneth DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)







members of the Board of Directors of BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 Inc.
 whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints
each of James Moe or Kenneth DeCubellis
 such person&rsquo;s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution
and resubstitution for such person and in such name
 place and stead
 in any and all capacities
 to sign the Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31
 2018 (the &ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;) of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and any or all amendments to
such Annual Report
 and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities
and Exchange Commission
 granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every
act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises
 as fully to all intents and purposes as such person
might or could do in person
 hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent
 or his substitute or substitutes
may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.


of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed
by the following persons in the capacities indicated on the dates indicated.




/s/
Kenneth DeCubellis
Dated: March 22
 2019


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Kenneth DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer 
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
Dated: March 22
 2019


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;James Moe
 Chief Financial Officer 
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
Dated: March 22
 2019


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Bradley Berman
 Director
    


    
    


    
    


    
Dated: March 22
 2019


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Lyle Berman
 Director
    


    
    


    
    


    
Dated: March 22
 2019


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Joseph Lahti
 Director
    


    
    


    
    


    
Dated: March 22
 2019


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Benjamin Oehler
 Director
    







    














     













 2018




Corp. (&ldquo;Maker&rdquo;) promises to pay to the order of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. or its successors or assigns (&ldquo;Payee&rdquo;)
the principal sum of Three Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars and No Cents ($350
000) in lawful money of the United States of America
on the terms and conditions described below.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. The principal balance of this Note shall be repayable on the consummation of the Maker&rsquo;s initial
merger
 capital stock exchange
 asset acquisition or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities
(a &ldquo;Business Combination&rdquo;). Payee understands that if a Business Combination is not consummated
 this Note will not
be repaid and all amounts owed hereunder will be forgiven except to the extent that the Maker has funds available to it outside
of its trust account established in connection with its initial public offering.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection
of any sum due under this Note
 including (without limitation) reasonable attorneys&rsquo; fees
 then to the payment in full of
any late charges and finally to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. Failure by Maker to pay the principal of this Note within five (5) business days
following the date when due.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Voluntary Bankruptcy
 Etc.
 as now
constituted or hereafter amended
 or any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy
 insolvency
 reorganization
 rehabilitation
or other similar law
 or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver
 liquidator
 assignee
 trustee
custodian
 sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property
 or the making by it of
any assignment for the benefit of creditors
 or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due
 or the
taking of corporate action by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Involuntary Bankruptcy
 Etc.
in respect of maker in an involuntary case under the Federal Bankruptcy Code
 as now or hereafter constituted
 or any other applicable
federal or state bankruptcy
 insolvency or other similar law
 or appointing a receiver
 liquidator
 assignee
 custodian
 trustee
sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property
 or ordering the winding-up or liquidation
of its affairs
 and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 Payee may
 by written notice to Maker
 declare this
Note to be due and payable
 whereupon the principal amount of this Note
 and all other amounts payable thereunder
 shall become
immediately due and payable without presentment
 demand
 protest or other notice of any kind
 all of which are hereby expressly
waived
 anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 the unpaid principal balance of
 and all
other sums payable with regard to
 this Note shall automatically and immediately become due and payable
 in all cases without any
action on the part of Payee.





    
    


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. Upon consummation of a Business Combination
 the Payee shall have the option
 but not the obligation
to convert the principal balance of this Note
 in whole or in part at the option of the Payee
 into units (&ldquo;Units&rdquo;)
of the Maker at a price of $10.00 per Unit
 each Unit being identical to the &ldquo;private units&rdquo; (as defined in Maker&rsquo;s
final prospectus dated October 4
 2017). As promptly after notice by Payee to Maker to convert the principal balance of this Note
which must be made at least 24 hours prior to the consummation of the Business Combination
 as reasonably practicable and after
Payee&rsquo;s surrender of this Note
 Maker shall have issued and delivered to Payee
 without any charge to Payee
 a certificate
or certificates (issued in the name(s) requested by Payee) for the number of Units of Maker issuable upon the conversion of this
Note.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of
 and sureties for
 this Note waive presentment for payment
 demand
notice of dishonor
 protest
 and notice of protest with regard to the Note
 all errors
 defects and imperfections in any proceedings
instituted by Payee under the terms of this Note
 and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future
laws exempting any property
 real or personal
 or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property
 from attachment
levy or sale under execution
 or providing for any stay of execution
 exemption from civil process
 or extension of time for payment;
and Maker agrees that any real estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof
 on any writ of
execution issued hereon
 may be sold upon any such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery
 acceptance
 performance
default
 or enforcement of the payment of this Note
 and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional
 without regard to the
liability of any other party
 and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence
 extension of time
 renewal
 waiver or
modification granted or consented to by Payee
 and consents to any and all extensions of time
 renewals
 waivers
 or modifications
that may be granted by Payee with respect to the payment or other provisions of this Note
 and agree that additional makers
 endorsers
guarantors
 or sureties may become parties hereto without notice to them or affecting their liability hereunder.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. Any notice called for hereunder shall be deemed properly given if (i) sent by certified mail
 return receipt
requested
 (ii) personally delivered
 (iii) dispatched by any form of private or governmental express mail or delivery service
providing receipted delivery
 (iv) sent by telefacsimile or (v) sent by e-mail
 to the following addresses or to such other address
as either party may designate by notice in accordance with this Section:





Inc.

 Suite 410

 MN 55403




 Inc.

 Suite 410

 MN 55403


given on the earlier of (i) actual receipt by the receiving party
 (ii) the date shown on a telefacsimile transmission confirmation
(iii) the date on which an e-mail transmission was received by the receiving party&rsquo;s on-line access provider (iv) the date
reflected on a signed delivery receipt
 or (vi) two (2) Business Days following tender of delivery or dispatch by express mail
or delivery service.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the domestic
 internal law
 but not the
law of conflict of laws
 of the State of New York.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall
as to such jurisdiction
 be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining
provisions hereof
 and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable
such provision in any other jurisdiction.


Maker
 intending to be legally bound hereby
 has caused this Note to be duly executed the day and year first above written.



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    






    















     







 Kenneth DeCubellis
 certify that:


I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.;


Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this
report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others
within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting.


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on Black Ridge Oil
&amp; Gas&rsquo;s most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the small business issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.


 2019




 Chief Executive Officer













     







 James Moe
 certify that:


I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.;


Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this
report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others
within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting.


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on Black Ridge Oil
&amp; Gas&rsquo;s most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the small business issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.


 2019




 Chief Financial Officer













     









2002


the Annual Report of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31
2018 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Kenneth DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 USC Section
1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to the best of my knowledge and belief:


Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.



 2019






 Chief Executive Officer




accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not
 except to the extent required by
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as amended.












     









2002


the Annual Report of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31
2018 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) I
 James Moe
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to the best of my knowledge and belief:


Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.



 2019





 Chief Financial Officer




accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of&nbsp;2002 and shall not
 except to the extent required
by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934
 as amended.










begin 644 logo.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!

/V9?C5XM\,_$O0;S7/A_\2? ?B#P_A_Q%<Z%=6=O








$S_P!D;Q_\2/BG\4_C3\0/
MBI\+M'^)_C/Q_P#&/QGJ'CSQ9J&N^-G.L:C90ZKJ@$EGX=T]UAL=!T2W58-(
ML%C1#))&\D@!^I5%-0%41222JJ6.YB0 2QY8GN3U/-.H *1F51N9@JC )8

H)([M]P$;MP )@RM

I(93CH5(((Z@@@\TBLK %65@0&!4@@JV=K @G(.#@]#@XK_-


+AHI9)_$O@O7=9
M2:ZM=0M2?Z


CD250\;!T)(##.#@XR


M/4@ D@=

M];%G= 7%I%J7PQ_9[T_1=&\.0R6LT31V&LQIJ5JI^S:E86US%)& #_0OR
XS





P!]%D@#)( R!DG R2 !SW)( ]20*6J]R
Q
M\#Y@R[3\N]

MN@3:IINGVDVNM'*ZWNHHETK(QP0#_0D+H!DNH&0
E@!DXP.O4[A@=3D8ZBD6
M2-ONNC?
R?*RGYT9T=.#]Y6C=67JK(ZD J0/A'3/C+\(?V+/V'?AY\6?VDOC

D8)!D0$;2074$!V*J3D\;F5

?W:@*JH.



MNOWOV6?VFAWYN?AX.#D \Z_W((_ ^E
_XC6OV%)617_9=_:91-X+NMW\/253


M/WQ




:1%.

M?M ?'GX!_%?X2_$KX=Z3H6H?![XF:WX&T'Q'IWQ(\4:-X6UVS\?:%I;?9/%T

$'(#

+S38
MY;V'28?VK=8OVO9K:&286::1XR\)1:#J
MQY?EPVVH9M9)&7SBB!F'J__!+G




/'W@GP);ZC%X:\#7/BF5M9TWP;$-7O+W4+O5?#FE2Z=I6N7T\R

M#
= 'U*2!R2 

M

ZU'&C/J321@']6&1ZCOW'8X/Y$$'W&*-R\<CG





K9

?M:?#WX;:-\6Y
M?B%#:^=;^'OBC7-6T&;X?\ Q0\9_#6\%QJUKJ=O9W U2;PBVM1R6L*&/48
MK5V



)].C:#5U$\%A:RNBN9?
 /K/4O^#(K]HFRFFTC]N3X+76J1(7LK?
M5/AGXV@L)YUYCAN9X;Z_EBB=@%+SN@N23;R E&^ ?V.?CMXF_X-H?\ @HUX












M=OJEX)[J/39M1U0V
+YM)

MS136TJ

MP/H=I!'\

L
5YI\ES_1NA
ZB
M4#;T:+=U!(9&Y (
;+M92


M[6-=T;Q%X7GU2)[VYT6[M[FTTN6X:S@U6_2%9J /[79KPOC':RV=G=16]Q

MQY9EF
:_

'8MF.1O\]+]NK_ (.C/CG_ 
%#? WC

M?W4%S+;VOCK4_%



ZMHFBWL_VK

_:@_86^-/_





!GM?M=




S_ !'H



M_P HIO\ @I)_V8]^TQ_ZJ'QC7\CG_!CE_P ?G_!1O_KU_9C_ /1GQNK^L_\





?!?P/?RW





@W^@6UOK%EK!N/!OA?P7:^+?$^N:S<+IQLULS-H:103RNDTN'
MC?\ H[_X-=?A%\<?@3_P2Q\(?[X^_ WXB? [QAI7QB^)&NZ5IOQ)M(](U7Q

MK^/G_@]
)'_!
'X @ '=^W3\/E^ZK./^+'_M%-F
D%D?*@!H\/M+)G8[@_V!
M3.8HGD5#(R*2L:E5+L.BAF(52QP


?3]BCX<^!_P#@GQ^R#H?Q5_9=



_L?0MT+Q_LU?!R.3;D$A7C\'(Z$D Y!/3D&OI7P?\-? /

/%&R]Q10!%%$8]^9'D#$$;PHV #&T;%4$=]SAI22=\C*$5):** /G#XF_L




M'78DDLQ+/X/9CEB2



RG*D
K



WP
MR^'WQ8\(P:E;:S%X6^)/@[0/'/AU-8L1(MAJHT3Q-8ZEI37]B)IC9W4EE)-;


M68@DW*X* 81!&$*)@XC#1E0T:LS

-!T+QI
M\4[[6M-^''AG4+SR=7\9W_AS2FUS7K70K5E'VV?2M)CFU&\B1PT5I$TQ.T'







M\E'VF[M[.2&*XNT@N'3
)7O(8[ Q&#M#$-\N#C)!Y(&.AY./4U\S_'7]L+]
MFK]F5O#T?Q\^-WP[^%UQXKAN[GPWIWB;6/*UO7;2QN+.UO;[2]LQ=ZO=:98

_9;^ _B&_\ %OP1_9P^ _P=\4ZM



]!TY)X'XT ?'=]_P3Q_8-U:_U/5]:_8M




K')8;BC#*JVW*9

M6.1D


'[




MLUQ;S(


KV][8_LW_!VVNH)$=9$DBFC\'!
MD9'174CD



M2- JH!@GFIJ** 

H:UAF\R&

8XI5F\R*91+)*6$L3 1N
M4A$


@UKQI^SY\*O$^JJ[
7=D





M+_@ES_XEU^UE_P#015^I%% 'Y;_\);_P6K_Z(%_P2Y_\2Z_:R_\ H(J/^$M_

M!?\ !+G_ 
2Z_:R_^@BH_P$M_X+5_\ 1 O^7/_ (EU^UE_]!%7ZD44 ?+W


#/$$




M=+369+ZV@_6GRTW;]H#%@Q(R6&
$X/.$) !R!UQD U%]EMLLWD1;G=9&(0
M LZ$
K

M#^$/%MC_ 






 8 X '0#TJ-8
M8DSLC5


M'\7WG!C0_O) R(RF0QH6#%1N!# ]\A64'WPK


M'P7\






 @E06)_FP_:F\*W?P
MT_:\_:Q\;?#+XU?\%)/V/O%GQQ\4?#R^\77?@#]@_P#/[:7P(_:/U7PK\%O
M O@/1O$WPIUSQ5^S]\9/%/A5]

MQ'%\/_@C_P $W-5\$1:WJ47A_\ &'[4_PT]H'BW4/#8F==*O?$NBZ-^QSX

MZ*OU%$:#HBCIT '0[AT_P!KGW/6GT ?EO\ \);_ ,%J_P#H@7_!+G_Q+K]K
M+_Z*C_A+?\ @M7_ -$_P"7/\ XEU^UE_]!%7ZD44 ?EO_ ,);_P %J_\
MH@7_  2Y_P#$NOVLO_H(J/\ A+?^U?_ $0+_@ES_P)=?M9?_015^I%% 'Y
M;_\ 6_\%J_^B!?\$N?_ !+K]K+_ .@BH_X2W_@M7_T0+_@ES_XEU^UE_P#0

2Z_:R_


M2V.FW=MXC^(OPS^$_B/^TIW:[6^L7\+-9VRQ6[V^J7C3RQVWM=(JJHVJ !DG
- ]6)8G\22?QI: /_V0$!
end








begin 644 mklogo.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  8$!08%! 8&!08'!P8(A *@D)

TH,4H*2C_

H&A8:*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H
M*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*C_P  1 % D8# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0
M'  !  $% 0$               8#! 4' (!_\0 4!   0
# 0
&!@T'P0#
M     0  P0%$082(3$'$T%187$4

M!@0'_\0 -Q$  @$# @
#0@# 0$       $ P01!2$2

T_]H # 
!  (1 Q$ /P#JE$1 $1$ 1$0!$1 $1$ 1
M$0!$1 $1$ 1$0!$1 $1$ 1$0!$1 $1$ 1$0!$1 $1$ 1$0!$1 $1$ 1$0!$1






Q2


8M1SDWU[(4



MW@9]*I^R%'\+I_K&^M:(O]XDO-UFK9_*.&

5/M
M'B34(97;_!T1[(4?PNG^L;ZU4AJ8)W%L
\4C@
D







M_66_LZFS%2FJ8(/=YHX_GN ^]:*K]47BO)\(N$^R?(C=L-] PL0Z7;=EY+G'


V\;E;*P
MXDO%








M=1&V5+\U%
W


_\ S-]:




?BN;1
M+N5WI
?1E(Y7[1/BG3C[$_C_ 
+XR[E)==6DVBX4KV-Q!50
D;U!P #AZ=_G





-D@EKZD[FG9





MH/R56-1]&GX&\=9Z[I+)MTE#L55Q&XC/M(OG'K[%I^Y72JN56^JKIWS3NXN=

MPR3SO.&L8
DK:6E.3J.'8J;^6S2\13-/M&_./E=W#O4$T#K$::K7MJ*=LM'.
M1SCFM'.




MZT-I.;4DCIYWN@MT;MESQXTA]ZW\2MO6BP6NT1AM#1Q




M
YP


GG!RE[45U7=


=J&[062T5%=4GVL;?:MZ7



MTFTZ(@I:-NU4V]G.
(XO/ECS[SY@HSR/VJ!T\EZKI(FB
F.G:]X!SY3L?8/.


C-AP.P[RF[O2.]1+GE;0E&M!27






[


MV[7FH: C8N

M#=;]A9T-:MJKQ+T7^OU-HHJ5+40U=-'44LK)8)!M


::MM.#CGJK:([&M/XD+0




.C?

MWOXD'&7M7+O$Y3TW\*:E#W6]^[^]QT+KW4
6G-/3U+G@5
@







3OE!MVKZ<0G9I;JQN9*8GQNMS#TC[0J.\L)4/3
MAO'Y'3Z?J:N%P5-I?/\ OL)LB(JXM@L)K.R#4&G*RW@ALKV[43CY+QO'J\ZS
M:IRS1Q$![O;'@T;R?
















M:J&F[ 8J=X%QK

EPP]:7]R4//E+




MR6:K;J6P!E0\&XTF(YQTN'DO\_W@KESG^U9[0^J9M+ZBI[A&2Z'.Q41CRXSQ

$D;







YQIK



W9DC

AWYLM'?$5-])_K3\V6COB*F^D__P E
46WSBK[S\6:
M?-J/N+P10H:2@HX:2DC$5/P

M+323RGC)L;+S^L
'[5&IN1[1\CLBAJ&#J;4OQ]I6PD6Z-Q5@L1DUWFB=M1F\

,$NY!8*_Z1L6H:J.HO-MBJYHV<VQ[RX$-SG&XCI*SJ+



MF@KX:X/

M2$EM!-'\RID]:V BV*YK1Y3?B:96M7.\$:['(YI '^BU9_^T_UJ[IN2C1L





M@XBHC](7UMPJV;A52^=V4X1DFZ*'


MY12?!F_3_@OAU%+T4[/I%.%C))$49.H:GHAB'I5-U^K#P$3?U?XIPL9)4BA[







]C7G9 &=I9E%.2


DEL^%M=1M;51;


 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Note 1 &amp;#8211; Organization and Nature&#13;of Business&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Effective April 2, 2012, Ante5, Inc. changed&#13;its corporate name to Black Ridge Oil &amp;#38; Gas, Inc., and continues to be quoted on the OTCQB under the trading symbol &amp;#8220;ANFC&amp;#8221;.&#13;Black Ridge Oil &amp;#38; Gas, Inc. (formerly Ante5, Inc.) (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) became an independent company in April 2010.&#13;We became a publicly traded company when our shares began trading on July 1, 2010. Since October&amp;#160;2010, we had been engaged&#13;in the business of acquiring oil and gas leases and participating in the drilling of wells in the Bakken and Three Forks trends&#13;in North Dakota and Montana.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;The&#13;Company is focused on acquiring, investing in, and managing the oil and gas assets for our partners. We continue to pursue asset&#13;acquisitions in all major onshore unconventional shale formations that may be acquired with capital from our existing joint venture&#13;partners or other capital providers. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;On September 25, 2017, the Company finalized&#13;an equity raise utilizing a rights offering and backstop agreement, raising net proceeds of $5,051,675 and issuing 431,819,910&#13;shares. The proceeds were used to sponsor the Company&amp;#8217;s obligations in sponsoring a special purpose acquisition company,&#13;discussed below, with the remainder for general corporate purposes.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#8211; &lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Summary&#13;of Significant Accounting Policies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-weight: normal&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basis&#13;of Accounting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Our financial statements are prepared using&#13;the accrual method of accounting as generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) and the rules of the Securities&#13;and Exchange Commission (SEC).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Principles of Consolidation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial&#13;statements include the accounts of the following entities:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 69%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Name of entity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 2%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 13%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State of Incorporation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 2%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 14%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Relationship&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Black Ridge Oil and Gas, Inc.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Nevada&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Parent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. (&amp;#8220;BRAC&amp;#8221;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Delaware&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Subsidiary&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;Wholly-owned subsidiary through&#13;October 10, 2017, the date of BRAC&amp;#8217;s IPO, following which it is consolidated as a variable interest entity.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has determined that BRAC, following&#13;its IPO, is a variable interest entity (&amp;#8220;VIE&amp;#8221;) and that the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The Company&#13;determined that, due to the redemption feature associated with the IPO shares, that the IPO shareholders are indirectly protected&#13;from the operating expenses of BRAC and it has the power to direct the activities of BRAC through the date at which BRAC affords&#13;the stockholders the opportunity to vote to approve a proposed business combination. Therefore, these consolidated financial statements&#13;herein contain the operations of the BRAC from its inception on May 9, 2017. BRAC&amp;#8217;s IPO shareholders are reflected in our&#13;Consolidated Financial Statements as a non-controlling interest. The non-controlling interest was recorded at fair value on October&#13;10, 2017, with an addition on October 18, 2017 as a result of the underwriters&amp;#8217; exercise of their over-allotment option.&#13;All significant inter-company transactions have been eliminated in the preparation of these financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The parent company, Black Ridge Oil &amp;#38;&#13;Gas, Inc. and Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. will be collectively referred to herein as the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;Black&#13;Ridge&amp;#8221;. The Company&amp;#8217;s headquarters is in Minneapolis, Minnesota and substantially all of its operations are in the&#13;United States.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;FASB ASC 280-10-50 requires annual and&#13;interim reporting for an enterprise&amp;#8217;s operating segments and related disclosures about its products, services, geographic&#13;areas and major customers. An operating segment is defined as a component of an enterprise that engages in business activities&#13;from which it may earn revenues and expenses, and about which separate financial information is regularly evaluated by the chief&#13;operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources. The Company operates as a single segment and will evaluate additional&#13;segment disclosure requirements as it expands its operations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-weight: normal&gt;&lt;u&gt;Use&#13;of Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The preparation of financial statements&#13;in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the&#13;reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements&#13;and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Environmental Liabilities&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company was formerly a direct owner&#13;of assets in the oil and gas industry. The oil and gas industry is subject, by its nature, to environmental hazards and clean-up&#13;costs. At this time, management knows of no substantial losses from environmental accidents or events which would have a material&#13;effect on the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Cash equivalents include money market accounts&#13;which have maturities of three months or less. For the purpose of the statements of cash flows, all highly liquid investments with&#13;an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are stated at cost plus accrued&#13;interest, which approximates market value. The Company had no cash equivalents on hand as of December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2018 and December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2017.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Restricted cash and securities held&#13;in Trust Account&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, $2,312&#13;and $39,742 of cash, respectively, and $141,304,995 and $138,940,611, respectively, of marketable securities were held in the Trust&#13;Account which is restricted for the benefit of the BRAC&amp;#8217;s IPO shareholders to be available for those shareholders in the&#13;event they elect to redeem their shares following an approved business combination or the upon dissolution of BRAC. The Company&#13;may withdraw funds from the trust account to pay for BRAC&amp;#8217;s income taxes and franchise fees.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash in Excess of FDIC Insured Limits&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company maintains its cash in bank&#13;deposit accounts which, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance&#13;Corporation (FDIC) up to $250,000 under current regulations. The Company had approximately $1,119,770 and $977,089 in excess of&#13;FDIC insured limits at December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. As of December 31, 2018, the Company had not experienced losses&#13;on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company recognizes deferred tax assets&#13;and liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted&#13;tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be recovered. The Company provides a&#13;valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to be more likely than not.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;On December 22, 2017 the U.S. Tax Cuts&#13;and Jobs Act of 2017 (&amp;#8220;Tax Reform&amp;#8221;) was signed into law. As a result of Tax Reform, the U.S. statutory rate was lowered&#13;from 35% to 21% effective January 1, 2018, among other changes. ASC Topic 740 requires companies to recognize the effect of tax&#13;law changes in the period of enactment; therefore, the Company was required to value its deferred tax assets and liabilities at&#13;December 31, 2017 at the new rate. The SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (&amp;#8220;SAB 108&amp;#8221;) to address the application&#13;of GAAP in situations when a registrant does not have the necessary information available, prepared or analyzed (including computations)&#13;in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain effects of Tax Reform. The ultimate impact may differ from the provisional&#13;amount, possibly materially, as a result of additional analysis, changes in interpretations and assumptions the Company has made,&#13;additional regulatory guidance that may be issued and actions the Company may take as a result of Tax Reform.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Under FASB ASC 820-10-05, the Financial&#13;Accounting Standards Board establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles and expands&#13;disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement reaffirms that fair value is the relevant measurement attribute. The&#13;adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements as reflected herein. The carrying&#13;amounts of cash, accounts payable and accrued expenses reported on the balance sheets are estimated by management to approximate&#13;fair value primarily due to the short term nature of the instruments. The Company had no items that required fair value measurement&#13;on a recurring basis.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property and equipment are recorded at&#13;cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of three to seven years. Expenditures for&#13;replacements, renewals, and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Long-lived&#13;assets are evaluated for impairment to determine if current circumstances and market conditions indicate the carrying amount may&#13;not be recoverable. The Company has not recognized any impairment losses on long-lived assets related to continuing operations.&#13;Depreciation expense was $9,472 and $10,848 for the years ended December&amp;#160;31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue Concentration&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;All of the Company&amp;#8217;s revenue earned&#13;came from management fees earned through its management services agreement with Black Ridge Holding Company, LLC (&amp;#8220;BRHC&amp;#8221;).&#13;Revenues were earned prior to June 30, 2017 from its management services agreement with BRHC, which was cancelled by BRHC effective&#13;June 30, 2017.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company recognizes management fee income&#13;as services are provided.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basic and Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per&#13;Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Basic earnings (loss) per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;)&#13;are computed by dividing net income (the numerator) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period&#13;(the denominator). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares and potential&#13;common shares outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. Potential common shares include stock options, warrants and restricted&#13;stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options, warrants and restricted stock is computed using&#13;the treasury stock method.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The reconciliation of the denominators&#13;used to calculate basic EPS and diluted EPS for the years ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2018 and 2017 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Years Ended December 31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding &amp;#8211; basic&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;479,816,790&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;160,970,732&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Plus: Potentially dilutive common shares:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Stock options and warrants&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding &amp;#8211; diluted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;479,816,790&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;160,970,732&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;For 2018 and 2017, potential dilutive securities&#13;had an anti-dilutive effect and were not included in the calculation of diluted net loss per common share. Stock options and warrants&#13;excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS because their effect was anti-dilutive were 11,173,500 and 11,292,300 of December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2018&#13;and 2017, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Stock-Based&#13;Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Under FASB ASC 718-10-30-2, all share-based&#13;payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, are to be recognized in the income statement based on their&#13;fair values. Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative. Amortization of the fair values of stock options issued for services&#13;and compensation totaled $310,731 and $574,851 for the years ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2018 and&amp;#160;2017, respectively. The&#13;fair values of stock options were determined using the Black-Scholes options pricing model and an effective term of 6 to 6.5 years&#13;based on the weighted average of the vesting periods and the stated term of the option grants and the discount rate on 5 to 7 year&#13;U.S. Treasury securities at the grant date and are being amortized over the related implied service term, or vesting period.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Uncertain Tax Positions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;In accordance with ASC 740, &amp;#8220;Income&#13;Taxes&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC 740&amp;#8221;), the Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more&#13;likely than not that the tax position will be capable of withstanding examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical&#13;merits of the position. These standards prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement&#13;recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. These standards also provide guidance&#13;on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Various taxing authorities can periodically&#13;audit the Company&amp;#8217;s income tax returns. These audits include questions regarding the Company&amp;#8217;s tax filing positions,&#13;including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions. In evaluating the exposures&#13;connected with these various tax filing positions, including state and local taxes, the Company records allowances for probable&#13;exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter, for which an allowance has been established, is audited and&#13;fully resolved. The Company has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The assessment of the Company&amp;#8217;s tax&#13;position relies on the judgment of management to estimate the exposures associated with the Company&amp;#8217;s various filing positions.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;From time to time,&#13;new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#34;FASB&amp;#34;) that are adopted by the&#13;Company as of the specified effective date. If not discussed, management believes that the impact of recently issued standards,&#13;which are not yet effective, will not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements upon adoption.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;In August, 2016, the FASB issued Accounting&#13;Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-15, &lt;i&gt;Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments&#13;&lt;/i&gt;(a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force). This guidance provides guidance of eight specific cash flow issues. This amendment&#13;is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this standard on&#13;January 1, 2018 and anticipates it will not have a material impact on its financial statements and related disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2016-18, &lt;i&gt;Restricted Cash&lt;/i&gt;. This guidance standardizes the presentation of changes to restricted cash on the statement of&#13;cash flows by requiring that a statement of cash flows explain the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents,&#13;and amount generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. The provisions of this standard are effective&#13;for annual reporting periods, and interim reporting periods contained therein, beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption&#13;is permitted. The Company adopted this guidance effective January 1, 2018 and applied it retrospectively, and the standard did&#13;not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s combined financial statements and related disclosures&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2017-01, &lt;i&gt;Business Combinations&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business, which clarifies the definition of a&#13;business to provide guidance in evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets&#13;or businesses. ASU 2017-01 provides a screen to determine when a set of assets is not a business, requiring that when substantially&#13;all fair value of gross assets acquired (or disposed of) is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable&#13;assets, the set of assets is not a business. A framework is provided to assist in evaluating whether both an input and a substantive&#13;process are present for the set to be a business. ASU 2017-01 is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including&#13;interim periods within those annual periods. No disclosures are required at transition and early adoption is permitted. The Company&#13;adopted this standard on January 1, 2018 and will apply this guidance to future business combinations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;In May 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-09,&#13;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#8212; Stock Compensation&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 718); Scope of Modification Accounting. The amendments in this ASU provide&#13;guidance that clarifies when changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award must be accounted for as modifications.&#13;If the value, vesting conditions or classification of the award changes, modification accounting will apply. The guidance is effective&#13;for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted this guidance&#13;effective January 1, 2018, and the standard did not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s combined financial statements&#13;and related disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;In June 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-07,&#13;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#8212; Stock Compensation&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 718) - Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting, which&#13;simplifies accounting for share-based payment transactions resulting for acquiring goods and services from nonemployees. ASU 2018-07&#13;is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption&#13;is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating ASU 2018-07 and its impact on its combined financial statements or disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;In July 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-10,&#13;&lt;i&gt;Codification Improvements to Topic 842, Leases&lt;/i&gt;. The amendments in ASU 2018-10 provide additional clarification and implementation&#13;guidance on certain aspects of the previously issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) (&amp;#8220;ASU 2016-02&amp;#8221;) and have the&#13;same effective and transition requirements as ASU 2016-02. Upon the effective date, ASU 2018-10 will supersede the current lease&#13;guidance in ASC Topic 840, Leases. Under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize for all leases, with the exception&#13;of short-term leases, a lease liability, which is a lessee&amp;#8217;s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured&#13;on a discounted basis. Concurrently, lessees will be required to recognize a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents&#13;the lessee&amp;#8217;s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. ASU 2018-10 is effective for private&#13;companies and emerging growth public companies for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, with&#13;early adoption permitted. The guidance is required to be applied using a modified retrospective transition approach for leases&#13;existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative periods presented in the financial statements. The&#13;Company is currently assessing the impact this guidance will have on its combined financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;In July 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-09,&#13;&lt;i&gt;Codification Improvements&lt;/i&gt;. These amendments provide clarifications and corrections to certain ASC subtopics including the&#13;following: Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income &amp;#8211; Overall (Topic 220-10), Debt - Modifications and Extinguishments&#13;(Topic 470-50), Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity &amp;#8211; Overall (Topic 480-10), Compensation - Stock Compensation - Income&#13;Taxes (Topic 718-740), Business Combinations - Income Taxes (Topic 805-740), Derivatives and Hedging &amp;#8211; Overall (Topic 815-10),&#13;and Fair Value Measurement &amp;#8211; Overall (Topic 820-10). The majority of the amendments in ASU 2018-09 will be effective in annual&#13;periods beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company is currently evaluating and assessing the impact this guidance will have&#13;on its combined financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;In July 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-11,&#13;&amp;#8220;Leases (Topic 842): &lt;i&gt;Targeted Improvements.&lt;/i&gt; The amendments in ASU 2018-11 related to transition relief on comparative&#13;reporting at adoption affect all entities with lease contracts that choose the additional transition method and separating components&#13;of a contract affect only lessors whose lease contracts qualify for the practical expedient. The amendments in ASU 2018-11 are&#13;effective for private companies and emerging growth public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim&#13;periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently assessing the impact this guidance will have on its combined financial&#13;statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-weight: normal&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basis&#13;of Accounting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Principles of Consolidation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial&#13;statements include the accounts of the following entities:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 69%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Name of entity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 2%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 13%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State of Incorporation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 2%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 14%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Relationship&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Black Ridge Oil and Gas, Inc.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Nevada&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Parent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. (&amp;#8220;BRAC&amp;#8221;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Delaware&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Subsidiary&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;Wholly-owned subsidiary through&#13;October 10, 2017, the date of BRAC&amp;#8217;s IPO, following which it is consolidated as a variable interest entity.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has determined that BRAC, following&#13;its IPO, is a variable interest entity (&amp;#8220;VIE&amp;#8221;) and that the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The Company&#13;determined that, due to the redemption feature associated with the IPO shares, that the IPO shareholders are indirectly protected&#13;from the operating expenses of BRAC and it has the power to direct the activities of BRAC through the date at which BRAC affords&#13;the stockholders the opportunity to vote to approve a proposed business combination. Therefore, these consolidated financial statements&#13;herein contain the operations of the BRAC from its inception on May 9, 2017. BRAC&amp;#8217;s IPO shareholders are reflected in our&#13;Consolidated Financial Statements as a non-controlling interest. The non-controlling interest was recorded at fair value on October&#13;10, 2017, with an addition on October 18, 2017 as a result of the underwriters&amp;#8217; exercise of their over-allotment option.&#13;All significant inter-company transactions have been eliminated in the preparation of theses financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-weight: normal&gt;&lt;u&gt;Use&#13;of Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Environmental Liabilities&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Restricted cash and securities held&#13;in Trust Account&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash in Excess of FDIC Insured Limits&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company recognizes deferred tax assets&#13;and liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted&#13;tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be recovered. The Company provides a&#13;valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to be more likely than not.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue Concentration&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basic and Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per&#13;Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Basic earnings (loss) per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;)&#13;are computed by dividing net income (the numerator) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period&#13;(the denominator). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares and potential&#13;common shares outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. Potential common shares include stock options, warrants and restricted&#13;stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options, warrants and restricted stock is computed using&#13;the treasury stock method.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The reconciliation of the denominators&#13;used to calculate basic EPS and diluted EPS for the years ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2018 and 2017 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Years Ended December 31,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding &amp;#8211; basic&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;479,816,790&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;160,970,732&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Plus: Potentially dilutive common shares:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Stock options and warrants&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding &amp;#8211; diluted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;479,816,790&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;160,970,732&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Stock-Based&#13;Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Uncertain Tax Positions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;In accordance with ASC 740, &amp;#8220;Income&#13;Taxes&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC 740&amp;#8221;), the Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more&#13;likely than not that the tax position will be capable of withstanding examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical&#13;merits of the position. These standards prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement&#13;recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. These standards also provide guidance&#13;on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Various taxing authorities can periodically&#13;audit the Company&amp;#8217;s income tax returns. These audits include questions regarding the Company&amp;#8217;s tax filing positions,&#13;including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions. In evaluating the exposures&#13;connected with these various tax filing positions, including state and local taxes, the Company records allowances for probable&#13;exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter, for which an allowance has been established, is audited and&#13;fully resolved. The Company has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;From time to time,&#13;new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#34;FASB&amp;#34;) that are adopted by the&#13;Company as of the specified effective date. If not discussed, management believes that the impact of recently issued standards,&#13;which are not yet effective, will not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements upon adoption.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;In August, 2016, the FASB issued Accounting&#13;Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-15, &lt;i&gt;Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments&#13;&lt;/i&gt;(a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force). This guidance provides guidance of eight specific cash flow issues. This amendment&#13;is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this standard on&#13;January 1, 2018 and anticipates it will not have a material impact on its financial statements and related disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2016-18, &lt;i&gt;Restricted Cash&lt;/i&gt;. This guidance standardizes the presentation of changes to restricted cash on the statement of&#13;cash flows by requiring that a statement of cash flows explain the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents,&#13;and amount generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. The provisions of this standard are effective&#13;for annual reporting periods, and interim reporting periods contained therein, beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption&#13;is permitted. The Company adopted this guidance effective January 1, 2018 and applied it retrospectively, and the standard did&#13;not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s combined financial statements and related disclosures&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No.&#13;2017-01, &lt;i&gt;Business Combinations&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business, which clarifies the definition of a&#13;business to provide guidance in evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets&#13;or businesses. ASU 2017-01 provides a screen to determine when a set of assets is not a business, requiring that when substantially&#13;all fair value of gross assets acquired (or disposed of) is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable&#13;assets, the set of assets is not a business. A framework is provided to assist in evaluating whether both an input and a substantive&#13;process are present for the set to be a business. ASU 2017-01 is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including&#13;interim periods within those annual periods. No disclosures are required at transition and early adoption is permitted. The Company&#13;adopted this standard on January 1, 2018 and will apply this guidance to future business combinations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;In May 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-09,&#13;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#8212; Stock Compensation&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 718); Scope of Modification Accounting. The amendments in this ASU provide&#13;guidance that clarifies when changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award must be accounted for as modifications.&#13;If the value, vesting conditions or classification of the award changes, modification accounting will apply. The guidance is effective&#13;for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted this guidance&#13;effective January 1, 2018, and the standard did not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s combined financial statements&#13;and related disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;In June 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-07,&#13;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#8212; Stock Compensation&lt;/i&gt; (Topic 718) - Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting, which&#13;simplifies accounting for share-based payment transactions resulting for acquiring goods and services from nonemployees. ASU 2018-07&#13;is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption&#13;is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating ASU 2018-07 and its impact on its combined financial statements or disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;In July 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-10,&#13;&lt;i&gt;Codification Improvements to Topic 842, Leases&lt;/i&gt;. The amendments in ASU 2018-10 provide additional clarification and implementation&#13;guidance on certain aspects of the previously issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) (&amp;#8220;ASU 2016-02&amp;#8221;) and have the&#13;same effective and transition requirements as ASU 2016-02. Upon the effective date, ASU 2018-10 will supersede the current lease&#13;guidance in ASC Topic 840, Leases. Under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize for all leases, with the exception&#13;of short-term leases, a lease liability, which is a lessee&amp;#8217;s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured&#13;on a discounted basis. Concurrently, lessees will be required to recognize a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents&#13;the lessee&amp;#8217;s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. ASU 2018-10 is effective for private&#13;companies and emerging growth public companies for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, with&#13;early adoption permitted. The guidance is required to be applied using a modified retrospective transition approach for leases&#13;existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative periods presented in the financial statements. The&#13;Company is currently assessing the impact this guidance will have on its combined financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;In July 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-09,&#13;&lt;i&gt;Codification Improvements&lt;/i&gt;. These amendments provide clarifications and corrections to certain ASC subtopics including the&#13;following: Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income &amp;#8211; Overall (Topic 220-10), Debt - Modifications and Extinguishments&#13;(Topic 470-50), Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity &amp;#8211; Overall (Topic 480-10), Compensation - Stock Compensation - Income&#13;Taxes (Topic 718-740), Business Combinations - Income Taxes (Topic 805-740), Derivatives and Hedging &amp;#8211; Overall (Topic 815-10),&#13;and Fair Value Measurement &amp;#8211; Overall (Topic 820-10). The majority of the amendments in ASU 2018-09 will be effective in annual&#13;periods beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company is currently evaluating and assessing the impact this guidance will have&#13;on its combined financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;In July 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-11,&#13;&amp;#8220;Leases (Topic 842): &lt;i&gt;Targeted Improvements.&lt;/i&gt; The amendments in ASU 2018-11 related to transition relief on comparative&#13;reporting at adoption affect all entities with lease contracts that choose the additional transition method and separating components&#13;of a contract affect only lessors whose lease contracts qualify for the practical expedient. The amendments in ASU 2018-11 are&#13;effective for private companies and emerging growth public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim&#13;periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently assessing the impact this guidance will have on its combined financial&#13;statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 69%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Name of entity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 2%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 13%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State of Incorporation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 2%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 14%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Relationship&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Black Ridge Oil and Gas, Inc.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Nevada&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Parent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. (&amp;#8220;BRAC&amp;#8221;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Delaware&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Subsidiary&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Years Ended December 31,&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%; text-align: justify&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding &amp;#8211; basic&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;479,816,790&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;160,970,732&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Plus: Potentially dilutive common shares:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 3 &amp;#8211; Going Concern&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;As shown in the accompanying financial&#13;statements, as of December 31, 2018 the Company had a cash balance of $1,503,500 and total working capital of $898,097 The Company&#13;has no revenue source presently. Based on projections of cash expenditures in the Company&amp;#8217;s current business plan, the cash&#13;on hand would be insufficient to fund the Company&amp;#8217;s general and administrative expenses over the next year.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company continues to pursue sources&#13;of additional capital through various management fee agreements and financing transactions or arrangements, including joint venturing&#13;of projects, equity financing or other means. We may not be successful in identifying suitable funding transactions in a sufficient&#13;time period or at all, and we may not obtain the capital we require by other means. If we do not succeed in raising additional&#13;capital, our resources may not be sufficient to fund our business.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 4 &amp;#8211; Rights Offering and Formation&#13;of Black Ridge Acquisition Corp.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;The Company filed a Registration Statement&#13;on Form S-1 (the &amp;#8220;Registration Statement&amp;#8221;) with the SEC to register the issuance of 431,819,910 shares of common stock&#13;in the Rights Offering that was declared effective by the SEC on August 3, 2017. Pursuant to the Rights Offering, the Company distributed,&#13;on a pro rata basis, one right for each share of common stock owned by shareholders on August 2, 2017 (the &amp;#8220;Record Date&amp;#8221;).&#13;Each right permitted a shareholder to purchase up to nine shares of common stock at a subscription price of $0.012 per share. The&#13;Rights Offering expired on September 8, 2017 (the &amp;#8220;Expiration Date&amp;#8221;).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;In connection with the Rights Offering,&#13;the Company also entered into a Standby Purchase Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Backstop Agreement&amp;#8221;) with a consortium of investors,&#13;including members of the Company&amp;#8217;s board of directors and our Chief Executive Officer (collectively, the &amp;#8220;Backstop&#13;Purchasers&amp;#8221;), who agree to purchase up to $2.9 million of the unsubscribed shares following the completion of the rights&#13;offering.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;On September 26, 2017, the Company completed&#13;the Rights Offering, raising gross proceeds of $5,181,839 and issued 431,819,910 shares in connection with the exercise of rights&#13;in connection with the Rights Offering and related Backstop Agreement. Under the Rights Offering the Company&amp;#8217;s current shareholders&#13;exercised rights to purchase 199,811,421 shares of stock for a total of $2,397,737. Under the Backstop Agreement, the Backstop&#13;Purchasers purchased 232,008,489 shares of stock for a total of $2,784,102. Officers and directors of the Company purchased 173,843,308&#13;shares between the Rights Offering and as participants of the Backstop Agreement for $2,086,120 and received 179,376 warrants to&#13;purchase shares of common stock at $0.01 per share for their participation in the Backstop Agreement. The remaining 257,976,602&#13;shares were purchased by non-related parties for proceeds of $2,965,555. The warrants issued to related parties fair value was estimated&#13;to be $4,179 (see Note 15). The Company incurred $130,164 in costs associated with raising capital, which has been netted against&#13;stockholders&amp;#8217; equity. Additionally as part of Backstop agreement, the Company issued 435,000 warrants to purchase its common&#13;stock at $0.01 for participants in the Backstop Agreement. The warrants fair value was estimated to be $10,135 (see Note 15).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 5 &amp;#8211; BRAC&amp;#8217;s IPO, Consolidation&#13;of BRAC and Non-controlling Interest&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;BRAC&amp;#8217;s IPO&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The registration statement for the BRAC&amp;#8217;s&#13;IPO was declared effective on October 4, 2017. The registration statement was initially declared effective for 10,000,000 units&#13;(&amp;#8220;Units&amp;#8221; and, with respect to the common stock included in the Units being offered, the &amp;#8220;Public Shares&amp;#8221;),&#13;but the offering was increased to 12,000,000 Units pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. On October&#13;10, 2017, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 12,000,000 units, generating gross proceeds of $120,000,000.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Simultaneous with the closing of the Initial&#13;Public Offering, BRAC sold 400,000 units (the &amp;#8220;Placement Units&amp;#8221;) at a price of $10.00 per Unit in a private placement&#13;to BROG, generating gross proceeds of $4,000,000. BROG&amp;#8217;s investment in BRAC&amp;#8217;s common stock is eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Transaction costs relating to the IPO amounted&#13;to $2,882,226, consisting of $2,400,000 of underwriting fees and $482,226 of other costs.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Following the closing of the IPO on October&#13;10, 2017, an amount of $120,600,000 ($10.05 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the Placement&#13;Units was placed in a trust account (&amp;#8220;Trust Account&amp;#8221;) and is invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning&#13;set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the &amp;#8220;Investment Company Act&amp;#8221;), with&#13;a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by&#13;the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined&#13;by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account,&#13;as described below.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;On October 18, 2017, in connection with&#13;the underwriters&amp;#8217; exercise of their over-allotment option in full, BRAC sold an additional 1,800,000 Units and the sale&#13;of an additional 45,000 Placement Units to BROG at $10.00 per Unit, generating total proceeds of $18,450,000. Transaction costs&#13;for underwriting fees on the sale of the over-allotment units were $360,000. Following the closing, an additional $18,090,000&#13;of the net proceeds ($10.05 per Unit) was placed in the Trust Account, bringing the total aggregate proceeds held in the Trust&#13;Account to $138,690,000 ($10.05 per Unit). BROG&amp;#8217;s investment in BRAC&amp;#8217;s common stock is eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;BRAC&amp;#8217;s&#13;management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and private placement,&#13;although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination.&#13;There is no assurance that the BRAC will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. Upon the closing of the IPO,&#13;$10.05 per Unit sold in the IPO, including some of the proceeds of the Private Placements was deposited in a trust account (&amp;#8220;Trust&#13;Account&amp;#8221;) to be held until the earlier of (i) the consummation of its initial Business Combination or (ii) BRAC&amp;#8217;s&#13;failure to consummate a Business Combination within 21 months from the consummation of the IPO (the &amp;#8220;Combination Period&amp;#8221;).&#13;Placing funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against BRAC. Although BRAC will seek to&#13;have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities it engages, execute agreements with BRAC&#13;waiving any claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account, there is no guarantee that such persons will execute&#13;such agreements. The Trust Account is maintained by a third party trustee. The remaining net proceeds (not held in the Trust Account)&#13;may be used to pay for business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative&#13;expenses. Additionally, the interest earned on the Trust Account balance may be released to BRAC for any amounts that are necessary&#13;to pay BRAC&amp;#8217;s income and other tax obligations and up to $50,000 that may be used to pay for the costs of liquidating BRAC.&#13;BROG has agreed that it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the Trust Account are not reduced below $10.05 per share&#13;by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by BRAC for services rendered or&#13;contracted for or products sold to BRAC, but there is no assurance that BROG will be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations&#13;if it is required to do so. Additionally, the agreement entered into by BROG specifically provides for two exceptions to the indemnity&#13;it has given: it will have no liability (1) as to any claimed amounts owed to a target business or vendor or other entity who&#13;has executed an agreement with BRAC waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies&#13;held in the Trust Account, or (2) as to any claims for indemnification by the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities,&#13;including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Initial Business Combination&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Pursuant to the Nasdaq Capital Markets&#13;listing rules, BRAC&amp;#8217;s initial Business Combination must be with a target business or businesses whose collective fair market&#13;value is at least equal to 80% of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for such&#13;Business Combination, although this may entail simultaneous acquisitions of several target businesses. The fair market value of&#13;the target will be determined by BRAC&amp;#8217;s board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial&#13;community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). The target business or businesses that BRAC&#13;acquires may have a collective fair market value substantially in excess of 80% of the Trust Account balance. In order to consummate&#13;such a Business Combination, BRAC may issue a significant amount of its debt or equity securities to the sellers of such business&#13;and/or seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities. If BRAC&amp;#8217;s securities are not&#13;listed on NASDAQ after the IPO, BRAC would not be required to satisfy the 80% requirement. However, BRAC intends to satisfy the&#13;80% requirement even if BRAC&amp;#8217;s securities are not listed on NASDAQ at the time of the initial Business Combination.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;BRAC will provide the public stockholders,&#13;who are the holders of the common stock which was sold as part of the Units in the IPO, whether they are purchased in the IPO or&#13;in the aftermarket, or &amp;#8220;Public Shares&amp;#8221;, including BROG to the extent that it purchases such Public Shares (&amp;#8220;Public&#13;Stockholders&amp;#8221;), with an opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares of BRAC&amp;#8217;s Common stock, irrespective&#13;of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or if BRAC conducts a tender offer, upon the completion of the initial&#13;Business Combination either (1) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination, or (ii) by&#13;means of a tender offer, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account&#13;including interest (net of franchise and income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. The amount&#13;in the Trust Account, net of franchise and income taxes payable, currently amounts to $10.06 per Public Share. The common stock&#13;subject to redemption will be recorded at a redemption value and classified a temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO,&#13;in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) Topic 480 &amp;#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&amp;#8221;.&#13;BRAC will proceed with a Business Combination only if BRAC has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation&#13;of a Business Combination and in the case of a stockholder vote, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor&#13;of the Business Combination. The decision as to whether BRAC will seek stockholder approval of a proposed Business Combination&#13;or conduct a tender offer will be made by BRAC, solely in its discretion, based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the&#13;transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require it to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock&#13;exchange listing requirement. If a stockholder vote is not required and BRAC decides not to hold a stockholder vote for business&#13;or other legal reasons, BRAC will, pursuant to the proposed amended and restated certificate of incorporation, (i) conduct the&#13;redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and (ii) file tender&#13;offer documents with the SEC prior to completing the initial Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial&#13;and other information about the initial Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the&#13;Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;BROG has agreed to vote its Founder Shares&#13;and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of the initial Business Combination, and BRAC&amp;#8217;s executive&#13;officers and directors have also agreed to vote any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of the Initial Business&#13;Combination. BROG entered into a letter agreement, pursuant to which it agreed to waive its redemption rights with respect to the&#13;Founder Shares, shares included in the Placement Units and Public Shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business&#13;Combination. In addition, BROG has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect&#13;to the Founder Shares and shares included in the Placement Units if BRAC fails to complete the initial Business Combination within&#13;the prescribed time frame. However, if BROG (or any of BRAC&amp;#8217;s executive officers, directors or affiliates) acquires Public&#13;Shares in or after the IPO, it will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public&#13;Shares in the event BRAC does not complete the initial Business Combination within such applicable time period.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;i&gt;Proposed Business Combination&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; text-indent: 15pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;On December 19, 2018,&#13;BRAC entered into a business combination agreement (the &amp;#8220;Business Combination Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Allied Esports Entertainment,&#13;Inc. (&amp;#8220;Allied Esports&amp;#8221;), Ourgame International Holdings Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Ourgame&amp;#8221;), Noble Link Global Limited, a&#13;wholly-owned subsidiary of Ourgame (&amp;#8220;Noble&amp;#8221;), and Primo Vital Ltd., also a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ourgame (&amp;#8220;Primo&amp;#8221;),&#13;pursuant to which BRAC will acquire two of Ourgame&amp;#8217;s global esports and entertainment assets, Allied Esports and WPT Enterprises,&#13;Inc. (&amp;#8220;WPT&amp;#8221;) . See Note 19.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Failure to Consummate a Business Combination&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;If BRAC is unable to complete the initial&#13;Business Combination within the Combination Period, BRAC must: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii)&#13;as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price,&#13;payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be&#13;net of franchise and income taxes payable divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely&#13;extinguish Public Stockholders&amp;#8217; rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,&#13;if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval&#13;of BRAC&amp;#8217;s remaining stockholders and BRAC&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses&#13;(ii) and (iii) to BRAC&amp;#8217;s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other&#13;applicable law.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Consolidation of BRAC and Non-controlling&#13;Interest&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has determined that BRAC, following&#13;its IPO, is a variable interest entity (&amp;#8220;VIE&amp;#8221;) and that the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The Company&#13;determined that, due to the redemption feature associated with the IPO shares, that the IPO shareholders are indirectly protected&#13;from the operating expenses of BRAC and BROG has the power to direct the activities of BRAC through the date at which BRAC affords&#13;the stockholders the opportunity to vote to approve a proposed business combination. Therefore, these consolidated financial statements&#13;contain the operations of the BRAC from its inception on May 9, 2017. BRAC&amp;#8217;s IPO shareholders are reflected in our Consolidated&#13;Financial Statements as a redeemable non-controlling interest. The non-controlling interest was recorded at fair value on October&#13;10, 2017, with an addition on October 18, 2017 as a result of the underwriters&amp;#8217; exercise of their over-allotment option.&#13;The net earnings attributable to the IPO shareholders are subtracted from the net loss for the year ended December 31, 2017 to&#13;arrive at the net loss attributable to the Company and the non-controlling interest on the balance sheet was adjusted to include&#13;the net earnings attributable to the IPO shareholders.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Intercompany transactions and eliminations&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;BROG is paid a management fee by BRAC of&#13;$10,000 per month as part of an administrative services agreement, which commenced October 5, 2017, for general and administrative&#13;services including the cost of office space and personnel dedicated to BRAC. BROG is reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses,&#13;particularly travel, incurred in connection with activities on BRAC&amp;#8217;s behalf, including but not limited to identifying potential&#13;target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement&#13;of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by BRAC. BRAC paid a total of $28,710 to BROG for such services during the year ended December&#13;31, 2017. The management services income of BROG and the management services expense of BRAC as well as any balances due between&#13;the companies for such services or reimbursements were eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 7 &amp;#8211; Prepaid Expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Prepaid expenses consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;December 31,&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%; text-align: left&gt;Prepaid insurance costs&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;28,751&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;24,999&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Prepaid employee benefits&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;11,865&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;11,716&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Prepaid office and other costs&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;13,319&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;32,102&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Total prepaid expenses&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;53,935&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;68,817&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;December 31,&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%; text-align: left&gt;Prepaid insurance costs&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;28,751&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;24,999&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Prepaid employee benefits&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;11,865&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;11,716&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 8 &amp;#8211; Related Party&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;As described in Note&#13;4, officers and directors of the Company purchased 173,843,308 shares between the Rights Offering and as participants of the Backstop&#13;Agreement for $2,086,120 and received 179,376 warrants to purchase shares of common stock at $0.01 per share for their participation&#13;in the Backstop Agreement.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;On March 1, 2018, the Board of Directors&#13;(the &amp;#8220;Board&amp;#8221;) of the Company approved and adopted the Black Ridge Gas, Inc. 2018 Management Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;Plan&amp;#8221;)&#13;and the form of 2018 Management Incentive Plan Award Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Award Agreement&amp;#8221;).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;In connection with the approval of the&#13;Plan and Award Agreement, the Board approved the issuance of awards (the &amp;#8220;Awards&amp;#8221;) to certain individuals including&#13;officers and directors (the &amp;#8220;Grantees&amp;#8221;), representing a percentage of the shares of BRAC held by the Company as of&#13;the date of closing of a business combination for the acquisition of a target business as described in the BRAC prospectus dated&#13;October 4, 2017, as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 72%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 34%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 53%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Percentage of BRAC Shares Owned by the&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Name&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Company Granted to the Grantee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Bradley Berman&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Lyle Berman&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Benjamin Oehler&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Joe Lahti&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Kenneth DeCubellis&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Michael Eisele&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.8%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;James Moe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;The Company has recognized&#13;no expense related to the plan as the grant of shares is contingent on a future event.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;u&gt;BRAC Loan&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;In order to finance transaction costs in&#13;connection with an intended initial business combination, BROG, and its officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not&#13;obligated to, loan BRAC funds as may be required. If BRAC consummates an initial business combination, BRAC would repay such loaned&#13;amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, BRAC may use a portion of the working capital held&#13;outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from BRAC&amp;#8217;s trust account would be used for such&#13;repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units of the post business combination entity at a price of $10.00&#13;per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the Placement Units.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 72%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 34%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 53%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Percentage of BRAC Shares Owned by the&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Name&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Company Granted to the Grantee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Bradley Berman&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Lyle Berman&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Benjamin Oehler&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Joe Lahti&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Kenneth DeCubellis&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Michael Eisele&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2.8%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 9 &amp;#8211; Investment&#13;in Black Ridge Holding Company, LLC&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;An investment in Black&#13;Ridge Holding Company, LLC as of December 31, 2016 represented our equity interest in Black Ridge Holding Company, LLC (&amp;#8220;BRHC&amp;#8221;)&#13;following a debt restructuring and related activity.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Dissolution of BRHC &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 10 &amp;#8211; Property and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;Property and equipment at December 31, 2018 and December 31,&#13;2017, consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: top; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 75%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;128,156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;128,156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(126,931)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(117,459)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total property and equipment, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10,697&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2017 we sold certain assets&#13;with a book value of $6,874 for proceeds of $2,160, resulting in a loss on disposal of $4,714.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: top; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 75%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;128,156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 1%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;128,156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(126,931)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(117,459)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204
255
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2018&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Level 1&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Level 2&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Level 3&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;Assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; text-align: left&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;1,503,500&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Restricted cash and investments held in trust&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;141,307,307&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;142,810,807&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;142,810,807&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2017&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Level 1&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Level 2&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Level 3&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;Assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; text-align: left&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;1,477,089&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 1.05pt&gt;Restricted cash and investments held in trust&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;138,980,353&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;140,457,442&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 32.75pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;140,457,442&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 11 &amp;#8211; Fair Value of Financial&#13;Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Under FASB ASC 820-10-5, fair value is&#13;defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between&#13;market participants at the measurement date (an exit price). The standard outlines a valuation framework and creates a fair value&#13;hierarchy in order to increase the consistency and comparability of fair value measurements and the related disclosures. Under&#13;GAAP, certain assets and liabilities must be measured at fair value, and FASB ASC 820-10-50 details the disclosures that are required&#13;for items measured at fair value.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has cash and cash equivalents&#13;and a revolving credit facility that must be measured under the fair value standard. The Company&amp;#8217;s financial assets and liabilities&#13;are measured using inputs from the three levels of the fair value hierarchy. The three levels are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 40pt; text-align: justify&gt;Level 1 - Inputs are unadjusted&#13;quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement&#13;date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 40pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 40pt; text-align: justify&gt;Level 2 - Inputs include quoted&#13;prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets&#13;that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g., interest rates, yield&#13;curves, etc.), and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means&#13;(market corroborated inputs).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 40pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0 0pt 40pt; text-align: justify&gt;Level 3 - Unobservable inputs&#13;that reflect our assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following schedule summarizes the valuation&#13;of financial instruments at fair value on a recurring basis in the balances sheet as of December&amp;#160;31, 2018 and 2017:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2018&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Level 1&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Level 2&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Level 3&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;Assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; text-align: left&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;1,503,500&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Restricted cash and investments held in trust&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;141,307,307&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;142,810,807&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;142,810,807&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2017&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Level 1&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Level 2&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Level 3&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;Assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; text-align: left&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;1,477,089&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 1.05pt&gt;Restricted cash and investments held in trust&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;138,980,353&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;140,457,442&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 32.75pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;140,457,442&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 12 &amp;#8211; Promissory Note&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Promissory Note&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 13 &amp;#8211; Stockholders&amp;#8217;&#13;Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Preferred Stock&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has 20,000,000 authorized shares&#13;of $0.001 par value preferred stock. No shares have been issued to date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Common Stock&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has 500,000,000 authorized&#13;shares of $0.001 par value common stock.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;On September 26, 2017 the Company issued&#13;199,811,421 shares of common stock in a Rights Offering, raising gross proceeds of $2,397,737, and issued an additional 232,008,789&#13;shares in a private placement (the Backstop Agreement), raising gross proceeds of $2,784,102. The Company incurred $130,164 in&#13;costs associated with the Rights Offering and Backstop Agreement.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=7 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Shares Underlying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=7 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Shares Underlying Options Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Underlying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Remaining&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Underlying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Range of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Contractual&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercise Prices&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Weighted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Average&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Number&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Exercise&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;of Shares&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Prices&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%; text-align: justify&gt;Balance, December 31, 2016&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;10,957,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;0.29&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options expired&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(12,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(0.29&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(87,700&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(0.17&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Balance, December 31, 2017&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10,857,300&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.29&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options expired&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(12,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(0.08&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(61,800&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(0.51&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Balance, December 31, 2018&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;10,783,500&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.29&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 14 &amp;#8211; Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;No options were granted&#13;during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Options Cancelled&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the years ended December 31, 2018&#13;and 2017, 61,800 and 87,700 options, respectively, were forfeited by a former employee.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Options Expired&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the years ended December 31, 2018,&#13;and 2017, 12,000 and 12,000 options, respectively, with a strike price of $0.08 per share and $0.29 per share, respectively, expired.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Options Exercised&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;No options were exercised during the years&#13;ended December&amp;#160;31, 2018 and 2017.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of information&#13;about the Stock Options outstanding at December&amp;#160;31, 2018.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=7 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Shares Underlying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=7 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Shares Underlying Options Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 22%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Underlying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Remaining&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Underlying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Range of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Contractual&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercise Prices&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$0.03 - $1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10,783,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5.75 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$0.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8,989,067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$0.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of activity&#13;of outstanding stock options:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Weighted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Average&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Number&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Exercise&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;of Shares&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Prices&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%; text-align: justify&gt;Balance, December 31, 2016&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;10,957,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;0.29&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options expired&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(12,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(0.29&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(87,700&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(0.17&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Balance, December 31, 2017&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10,857,300&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.29&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options expired&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(12,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(0.08&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(61,800&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(0.51&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Balance, December 31, 2018&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;10,783,500&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.29&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Exercisable, December 31, 2018&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;8,989,067&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.32&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 15 &amp;#8211; Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Warrants Granted&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;No warrants were granted during the year&#13;ended December&amp;#160;31, 2018.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company issued 435,000 warrants to&#13;purchase shares at $0.01 per share to participants of the Backstop Agreement on September 22, 2017. The Company accounted for the&#13;warrants as an expense of the Rights Offering which resulted in a charge directly to stockholders&amp;#8217; equity. The Company estimated&#13;the fair value of these warrants to be approximately $10,135 (or $.0233 per warrant) using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.&#13;The fair value of the warrants was estimated as of the date of grant using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of&#13;388%, (2) risk-free interest rate of 1.89% and (3) expected life of five years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Warrants Cancelled&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;No warrants were cancelled during the years&#13;ended December&amp;#160;31, 2018 and 2017.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Warrants Expired&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;No warrants were expired during the years&#13;ended December&amp;#160;31, 2018 and 2017.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Warrants Exercised&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;45,000 warrants were exercised during the&#13;year ended December 31, 2018 for $.01 per share resulting in proceeds of $450.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;No warrants were exercised during the year&#13;ended December&amp;#160;31, 2017.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of activity&#13;of outstanding warrants:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Weighted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Average&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Number&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Exercise&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;of Shares&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Prices&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Balance, December 31, 2016&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants expired&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%; text-align: justify&gt;Warrants granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;435,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;0.01&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Balance, December 31, 2017&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;435,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.01&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants expired&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(45,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;0.01&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Balance, December 31, 2018&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;390,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.01&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Weighted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Average&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Number&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Exercise&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;of Shares&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Prices&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Balance, December 31, 2016&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants expired&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%; text-align: justify&gt;Warrants granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;435,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;0.01&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Balance, December 31, 2017&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;435,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.01&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants expired&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(45,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;0.01&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Balance, December 31, 2018&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;390,000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.01&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 16 - BRAC Rights&#13;and Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Initial Public Offering&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Pursuant to the its Initial Public Offering&#13;and including the subsequent over-allotment option exercised by the underwriter, BRAC sold 13,800,000 Units at a purchase price&#13;of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of common stock, one right (&amp;#8220;Public Right&amp;#8221;) and one warrant (&amp;#8220;Public&#13;Warrant&amp;#8221;). Each Public Right will convert into one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common stock upon consummation of a Business&#13;Combination. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Private Placement&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt; &amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Simultaneous with the its Initial Public&#13;Offering and over-allotment option exercise, BROG purchased an aggregate of 445,000 Placement Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit&#13;(or an aggregate purchase price of $4,450,000). Each Placement Unit consists of one share of common stock (&amp;#8220;Placement Share&amp;#8221;),&#13;one right (&amp;#8220;Placement Right&amp;#8221;) and one warrant (each, a &amp;#8220;Placement Warrant&amp;#8221;) to purchase one share of the&#13;common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share. The proceeds from the Placement Units were added to the proceeds from the&#13;Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If BRAC does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period,&#13;the proceeds of the sale of the Placement Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements&#13;of applicable law) and the Placement Rights and Placement Warrants will expire worthless.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Placement Units are identical to the&#13;Units sold in the Initial Public Offering except that the Placement Warrants (i) are not redeemable by BRAC and (ii) may be exercised&#13;for cash or on a cashless basis, so long as they are held by BROG or any of its permitted transferees. In addition, the Placement&#13;Units and their component securities may not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the consummation of a Business&#13;Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.25in&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.25in&gt;&lt;i&gt;Rights&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.25in&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Each holder of a right will receive one-tenth&#13;(1/10) of one share of common stock upon consummation of a Business Combination, even if a holder of such right converted all ordinary&#13;shares held by it in connection with a Business Combination. No fractional shares will be issued upon exchange of the rights. No&#13;additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive its additional shares upon consummation&#13;of a Business Combination as the consideration related thereto has been included in the Unit purchase price paid for by investors&#13;in the Initial Public Offering. If BRAC enters into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which BRAC will not be&#13;the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration&#13;the holders of the shares of common stock will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into shares of common stock basis&#13;and each holder of rights will be required to affirmatively covert its rights in order to receive 1/10 of a share of common stock&#13;underlying each right (without paying additional consideration). The shares of common stock issuable upon exchange of the rights&#13;will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of BRAC).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;If BRAC is unable to complete a Business&#13;Combination within the Combination Period and BRAC liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of rights will not receive&#13;any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from BRAC&amp;#8217;s assets held outside of&#13;the Trust Account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no contractual penalties&#13;for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of a Business Combination. Additionally, in no&#13;event will BRAC be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless.&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The rights included in the Private Units&#13;sold in the Private Placement are identical to the rights included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that,&#13;among others, the rights including the shares issuable upon exchange of such rights, are being purchased pursuant to an exemption&#13;from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and will become tradable only after certain conditions are met or the&#13;resale of such rights (including underlying securities) is registered under the Securities Act.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Warrants&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Warrants may only be exercised for a whole&#13;number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Warrants. The Warrants will become exercisable on the&#13;later of (a) 30 days after the consummation of a Business Combination or (b) October 10, 2018. No Warrants will be exercisable&#13;for cash unless BRAC has an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise&#13;of the Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering&#13;the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants is not effective within 30 days from the consummation of&#13;a Business Combination, the holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period&#13;when BRAC shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise the Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant&#13;to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders&#13;will not be able to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis. The Warrants will expire five years from the consummation of a&#13;Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Private Warrants will be identical&#13;to the Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except the Private Warrants will be exercisable for cash&#13;(even if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of such Private Warrants is not effective)&#13;or on a cashless basis, at the holder&amp;#8217;s option, and will not be redeemable by BRAC, in each case so long as they are still&#13;held by BROG or its affiliates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;BRAC may call the Warrants for redemption&#13;(excluding the Private Warrants but including any outstanding Warrants issued upon exercise of the unit purchase option issued&#13;to EarlyBirdCapital), in whole and not in part, at a price of $.01 per Warrant:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;at any time while the Warrants are exercisable,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;upon not less than 30 days&amp;#8217; prior written notice of redemption to each Warrant holder,&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of common stock equals or exceeds $18.00&#13;per share, for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption&#13;to Warrant holders, and&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares&#13;of common stock underlying such Warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day redemption period and continuing each&#13;day thereafter until the date of redemption.&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;If BRAC calls the Warrants for redemption,&#13;management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Warrants to do so on a &amp;#8220;cashless basis,&amp;#8221;&#13;as described in the warrant agreement.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The exercise price and number of shares&#13;of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock&#13;dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the Warrants will not be&#13;adjusted for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will BRAC be required&#13;to net cash settle the Warrants. If BRAC is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and BRAC liquidates&#13;the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their Warrants, nor&#13;will they receive any distribution from BRAC&amp;#8217;s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Warrants. Accordingly,&#13;the Warrants may expire worthless.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Unit Purchase Option&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;December 31,&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%; text-align: left&gt;Current taxes&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;556,757&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;85,722&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Deferred taxes&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;19,116&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(18,678&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The effective income tax rate for the years&#13;ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2018 and 2017 consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;December 31, 2018&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;BROG&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;BRAC&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Combined&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; text-align: left&gt;Federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;21.0%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;21.0%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;21.0%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;State income taxes&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;7.7%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;7.7%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;7.7%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Permanent differences&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.1%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4.8%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3.9%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(28.8%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(5.2%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Net effective income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;33.5%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;27.4%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;December 31, 2017&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;BROG&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;BRAC&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Combined&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; text-align: left&gt;Federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;35.0%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;30.8%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;39.6%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;State income taxes&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3.6%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6.8%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.1%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Effect of current statutory rate change on deferred taxes&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;38.2%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;80.2%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Effect of 2018 federal rate change on deferred taxes&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(1469.2%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4.0%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(3092.1%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Permanent differences&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(0.3%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.2%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(0.7%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1392.7%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2926.8%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Net effective income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;41.8%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;(46.1%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 17 &amp;#8211; Income&#13;Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;We account for income taxes under the provisions&#13;of ASC Topic 740, &lt;i&gt;Income taxes, &lt;/i&gt;which provides for an asset and liability approach for income taxes. Under this approach,&#13;deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences, using currently enacted tax laws,&#13;attributable to temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and&#13;the amounts calculated for income tax purposes.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company will not consolidate income&#13;tax returns for Black Ridge Oil &amp;#38; Gas, Inc. and Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. For the years ended December 31, 2018 the impact&#13;of both returns are combined in the presentation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Our provision for income taxes for the&#13;years ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2018 and&amp;#160;2017 consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;December 31,&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%; text-align: left&gt;Current taxes&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;556,757&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;85,722&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Deferred taxes&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;19,116&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(18,678&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Net income tax provision (benefit)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;575,873&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;67,044&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The effective income tax rate for the years&#13;ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2018 and 2017 consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;December 31, 2018&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;BROG&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;BRAC&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Combined&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; text-align: left&gt;Federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;21.0%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;21.0%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;21.0%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;State income taxes&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;7.7%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;7.7%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;7.7%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Permanent differences&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.1%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4.8%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3.9%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(28.8%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(5.2%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Net effective income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;33.5%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;27.4%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;December 31, 2017&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;BROG&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;BRAC&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;Combined&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; text-align: left&gt;Federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;35.0%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;30.8%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;39.6%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;State income taxes&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3.6%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6.8%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.1%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Effect of current statutory rate change on deferred taxes&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;38.2%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;80.2%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Effect of 2018 federal rate change on deferred taxes&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(1469.2%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;4.0%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(3092.1%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Permanent differences&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(0.3%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.2%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(0.7%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;1392.7%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2926.8%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Net effective income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.0%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;41.8%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;(46.1%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The 2018 and 2017 combined reconciliations&#13;above are weighted averages of the two separate taxable entities as such we have presented the individual entity reconciliations.&#13;When one entity has a loss and the other has income, the weighted average produces results that are skewed higher or lower than&#13;the individual components. BROG's state income tax rate as of December 31, 2018 increased by 4.1% from 3.6% as of December 31,&#13;2017, to 7.7%. This increase in the effective tax rate is attributable to changes in the federal rate. BRAC's state income tax&#13;rate as of December 31, 2018 increased by 0.9% from 6.8% as of December 31, 2017, to 7.7%.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The components of the deferred tax assets&#13;and liabilities as of December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2018 and&amp;#160;2017 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;December 31,&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 13.5pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%; text-align: left&gt;Federal and state net operating loss carryovers&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;7,402,252&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;6,712,288&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Stock compensation&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2,294,552&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1,947,147&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;459&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;501&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Unrealized loss on marketable equity securities held in trust account&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;18,678&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Reorganization costs&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;38,508&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;34,001&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;9,735,771&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;8,712,615&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 13.5pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Unrealized gain on marketable equity securities held in trust account&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;(438&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Total deferred liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;(438&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9,735,333&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;8,712,615&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 13.5pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;(9,735,771&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;(8,693,937&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Deferred tax assets (liabilities)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;(438&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;18,678&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of December&amp;#160;31, 2018, the&#13;Company has net operating loss carryover of approximately $25,754,131. Under existing Federal law, the net operating loss may be&#13;utilized to offset taxable income through the year ended December&amp;#160;31, 2035. A portion of the net operating loss carryover&#13;begins to expire in 2030.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;ASC Topic 740 provides that a valuation&#13;allowance is recognized if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the&#13;deferred tax asset will not be realized. In 2018, BROG increased its valuation allowance from $8,693,937 to $9,735,771 to adjust&#13;for the increase in net deferred tax assets primarily increased federal operating loss carryovers. The Company believes it is more&#13;likely than not that the benefit of these remaining assets will not be realized by BROG. The company did not place a valuation&#13;allowance on deferred tax asset for BRAC related to the capitalized merger and acquisition costs. The Company believes it is more&#13;likely than not that the benefit of these remaining assets will be realized by BRAC.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;The Company files annual&#13;US Federal income tax returns and annual income tax returns for the states of Minnesota, North Dakota and Montana. We are not subject&#13;to income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2013 for all returns. Income taxing authorities have conducted no&#13;formal examinations of our past federal or state income tax returns and supporting records.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 18 &amp;#8211; Commitments&#13;and Contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company is involved in various inquiries,&#13;administrative proceedings and litigation relating to matters arising in the normal course of business. The Company is not currently&#13;a defendant in any material litigation and is not aware of any threatened litigation that could have a material effect on the Company.&#13;Management is not able to estimate the minimum loss to be incurred, if any, as a result of the final outcome of the matters arising&#13;in the normal course of business but believes they are not likely to have a material adverse effect upon the Company&amp;#8217;s financial&#13;position or results of operations and, accordingly, no provision for loss has been recorded.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company periodically maintains cash&#13;balances at banks in excess of federally insured amounts. The extent of loss, if any, to be sustained as a result of any future&#13;failure of a bank or other financial institution is not subject to estimation at this time.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;BRAC&amp;#8217;s agreements with underwriters&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;BRAC engaged the underwriters as advisors&#13;in connection with its Initial Business Combination to assist it in holding meetings with its shareholders to discuss the potential&#13;business combination and the target business&amp;#8217; attributes, introduce it to potential investors that are interested in purchasing&#13;its securities, assist it in obtaining shareholder approval for the business combination and assist it with its press releases&#13;and public filings in connection with the business combination. BRAC will pay its underwriters a cash fee for such services upon&#13;the consummation of its initial business combination in an amount equal to 3.5% of the gross proceeds of its offering (exclusive&#13;of any applicable finders&amp;#8217; fees which might become payable).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Registration rights&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 19 &amp;#8211; BRAC&amp;#8217;s Proposed&#13;Business Combination&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;i&gt;Business Combination Agreement&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;On December 19, 2018, BRAC entered into an Agreement and Plan&#13;of Reorganization (the &amp;#8220;Agreement&amp;#8221;) by and among BRAC, Black Ridge Merger Sub, Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned&#13;subsidiary of BRAC formed on December 19, 2018 (&amp;#8220;Merger Sub&amp;#8221;), Allied Esports Entertainment, Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Allied&#13;Esports&amp;#8221;), Ourgame International Holdings Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Ourgame&amp;#8221;), Noble Link Global Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary&#13;of Ourgame (&amp;#8220;Noble&amp;#8221;), and Primo Vital Ltd., also a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ourgame (&amp;#8220;Primo&amp;#8221;).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Subject to the Agreement, (i) Noble will merge with and into&#13;Allied Esports (the &amp;#8220;Redomestication Merger&amp;#8221;) with Allied Esports being the surviving entity in such merger and (ii)&#13;immediately after the Redomestication Merger, Merger Sub will merge with and into Allied Esports with Allied Esports being the&#13;surviving entity of such merger (the &amp;#8220;Transaction Merger&amp;#8221; and together with the Redomestication Merger, the &amp;#8220;Mergers&amp;#8221;).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Mergers will result in BRAC acquiring two of Ourgame&amp;#8217;s&#13;global esports and entertainment assets, Allied Esports International, Inc. (&amp;#8220;Allied Esports&amp;#8221;) and WPT Enterprises,&#13;Inc. (&amp;#8220;WPT&amp;#8221;). Allied Esports is a premier esports entertainment company with a global network of dedicated esports&#13;properties and content production facilities. WPT is the creator of the World Poker Tour&amp;#174; (WPT&amp;#174;) &amp;#8211; the premier name&#13;in internationally televised gaming and entertainment with brand presence in land-based tournaments, television, online and mobile.&#13;The proposed transaction will seek to strategically combine the globally recognized Allied Esports brand with the three-pronged&#13;business model of the iconic World Poker Tour, featuring in-person experiences, multiplatform content and interactive services,&#13;to leverage the high-growth opportunities in the global esports industry.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Upon consummation of the Mergers (the &amp;#8220;Closing&amp;#8221;),&#13;BRAC will issue to the former owners of Allied Esports and WPT (i) an aggregate of 11,602,754 shares of common stock, par value&#13;$0.0001 per share, of BRAC&amp;#8217;s common stock and (ii) an aggregate of 3,800,003 warrants to purchase shares of common stock&#13;of BRAC.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;In addition to the consideration described above, the former&#13;owners of Allied Esports and WPT will be entitled to receive their pro rata portion of an aggregate of an additional 3,846,153&#13;shares of BRAC&amp;#8217;s common stock if the last sales price of BRAC&amp;#8217;s common stock equals or exceeds $13.00 per share (as&#13;adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for thirty (30) consecutive days at any time&#13;during the five (5) year period commencing on the date of the Closing (the &amp;#8220;Closing Date&amp;#8221;).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Proposed Changes to the Capital Structure&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;BRAC is seeking shareholder approval to&#13;amend its charter to increase the authorized shares of BRAC&amp;#8217;s common stock to 65,000,000 shares.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Conditions to Consummation of the Business&#13;Combination&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;Consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement&#13;is subject to certain closing conditions including, among others, (i) approval by the stockholders of BRAC and Ourgame, and (ii)&#13;that BRAC have available cash in an amount not less than $80,000,000 after payment to stockholders who elect to redeem their shares&#13;of common stock in accordance with the provisions of BRAC&amp;#8217;s Charter Documents.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Termination&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 20 &amp;#8211; Subsequent&#13;Events&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company evaluates events that have&#13;occurred after the balance sheet date through the date hereof, which these financial statements were issued. No events occurred&#13;of a material nature that would have required adjustments to or disclosure in these financial statements except as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note 6 &amp;#8211; Settlement Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;December 31,&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 13.5pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%; text-align: left&gt;Federal and state net operating loss carryovers&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;7,402,252&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;6,712,288&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Stock compensation&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2,294,552&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1,947,147&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;459&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;501&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Unrealized loss on marketable equity securities held in trust account&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;18,678&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Reorganization costs&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;38,508&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;34,001&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;9,735,771&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;8,712,615&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 13.5pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Unrealized gain on marketable equity securities held in trust account&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;(438&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Total deferred liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;(438&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9,735,333&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;8,712,615&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255


    <link:calculationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://blackridgeoil.com/role/InvestmentInBlackRidgeHoldingCompanyLlc xlink:title=00000015 - Disclosure - 9. Investment in Black Ridge Holding Company

    <link:calculationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://blackridgeoil.com/role/BracsIpoConsolidationOfBracAndNon-controllingInterestDetailsNarrative xlink:title=00000041 - Disclosure - 5. BRAC's IPO

    <link:calculationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://blackridgeoil.com/role/InvestmentInBlackRidgeHoldingCompanyLlcDetailsNarrative xlink:title=00000046 - Disclosure - 9. Investment in Black Ridge Holding Company

    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://blackridgeoil.com/role/BracsIpoConsolidationOfBracAndNon-controllingInterest xlink:title=00000011 - Disclosure - 5. BRAC's IPO

    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://blackridgeoil.com/role/InvestmentInBlackRidgeHoldingCompanyLlc xlink:title=00000015 - Disclosure - 9. Investment in Black Ridge Holding Company

    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://blackridgeoil.com/role/BracsIpoConsolidationOfBracAndNon-controllingInterestDetailsNarrative xlink:title=00000041 - Disclosure - 5. BRAC's IPO

    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://blackridgeoil.com/role/InvestmentInBlackRidgeHoldingCompanyLlcDetailsNarrative xlink:title=00000046 - Disclosure - 9. Investment in Black Ridge Holding Company

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://blackridgeoil.com/role/BracsIpoConsolidationOfBracAndNon-controllingInterest xlink:title=00000011 - Disclosure - 5. BRAC's IPO

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://blackridgeoil.com/role/InvestmentInBlackRidgeHoldingCompanyLlc xlink:title=00000015 - Disclosure - 9. Investment in Black Ridge Holding Company

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://blackridgeoil.com/role/BracsIpoConsolidationOfBracAndNon-controllingInterestDetailsNarrative xlink:title=00000041 - Disclosure - 5. BRAC's IPO

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://blackridgeoil.com/role/InvestmentInBlackRidgeHoldingCompanyLlcDetailsNarrative xlink:title=00000046 - Disclosure - 9. Investment in Black Ridge Holding Company
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldInTrust'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedIncomeTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestEquityCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LaborAndRelatedExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfessionalAndContractServicesExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketableSecuritiesUnrealizedGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossRelatedToLitigationSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationSettlementExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=ANFC_ManagementFeeIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsRequisiteServicePeriodRecognition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_CommonStockSoldInPrivatePlacementShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_CommonStockSoldInPrivatePlacementValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_ChangeInOwnershipOfSubsidiaryResultingFromSubsidiaryInitialPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsRequisiteServicePeriodRecognition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_CommonStockSoldInPrivatePlacementShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketableSecuritiesUnrealizedGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsAndOtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseDueFromAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedTaxesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfInterestInSubsidiariesAndAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromWarrantExercises'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinessesAndInterestsInAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_AdjustmentToAdditionalPaidinCapitalToReflectRedeemableNonoperatedInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_AccountsReceivableReceivedInDissolutionOfBlackRidgeHoldingCompanyLlc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'
<p style=font: bold 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
255

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times




<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times




<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubstantialDoubtAboutGoingConcernTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_RightsOfferingAndFormationOfBlackRidgeAcquisitionCorp.Abstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_RightsOfferingAndFormationOfBlackRidgeAcquisitionCorpTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndOtherExpenseDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsAllOtherInvestmentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostMethodInvestmentsDescriptionTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
255

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsNoteDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_WarrantDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_BracRightsAndWarrantsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_BracRightsAndWarrantsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MergersAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDisclosuresTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
255

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times




<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EnvironmentalCostExpensePolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_CashInExcessOfFdicAndInsuredLimitsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times




<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxUncertaintiesPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInvestmentsInAndAdvancesToAffiliatesScheduleOfInvestmentsTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
255


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfWeightedAverageNumberOfSharesTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_ScheduleOfPercentageOfBracSharesOwnedByCompanyGrantedToGranteeTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=background-color: rgb(204
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAndExercisableTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsNoteDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityNoteWarrantsOrRightsTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ANFC_BracMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableInterestEntityOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=ANFC_EquityRaiseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=ANFC_PrivatePlacement1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_UnitsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToCallOptionsAndWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldInTrust'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashUninsuredAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=ANFC_OptionsAndWarrantsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsCashAndCashEquivalentsAxis=us-gaap_CashMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldInTrust'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsCashAndCashEquivalentsAxis=ANFC_MarketableSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldInTrust'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_WorkingCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_WarrantsIssuedShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ANFC_BracMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableInterestEntityOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributionsFromAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=ANFC_WarrantsToRelatedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_CounterpartyNameAxis=ANFC_NonRelatedPartiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TransactionTypeAxis=ANFC_RightsAndBackstopMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TransactionTypeAxis=ANFC_RightsAndBackstopMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_WarrantsIssuedShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TransactionTypeAxis=ANFC_RightsOfferingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TransactionTypeAxis=ANFC_BackstopAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_WarrantsIssuedShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentTypeAxis=ANFC_ProceedsInTrustMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldInTrustCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ANFC_BracMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PartnersCapitalAccountUnitsSoldInPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_ProceedsFromUnitsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ANFC_BracMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ANFC_BracMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ANFC_BracMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_ProceedsFromUnitsSoldPlacedInTrust'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ANFC_BracMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PartnersCapitalAccountUnitsSoldInPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_ProceedsFromUnitsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ANFC_BracMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_ProceedsFromUnitsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ANFC_BracMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PartnersCapitalAccountUnitsSoldInPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ANFC_BracMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PartnersCapitalAccountUnitsSoldInPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationSettlementExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_LitigationCaseAxis=ANFC_PeerlessMediaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLegalSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_LitigationCaseAxis=ANFC_FormerOfficerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationSettlementExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidInsurance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_PrepaidEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_BoardOfDirectorsChairmanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_PercentageOfBracSharesOwnedByCompanyGrantedToGrantee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_DirectorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_PercentageOfBracSharesOwnedByCompanyGrantedToGrantee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ANFC_Director1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_PercentageOfBracSharesOwnedByCompanyGrantedToGrantee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=ANFC_Director2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_PercentageOfBracSharesOwnedByCompanyGrantedToGrantee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_PercentageOfBracSharesOwnedByCompanyGrantedToGrantee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_ChiefOperatingOfficerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_PercentageOfBracSharesOwnedByCompanyGrantedToGrantee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_ChiefFinancialOfficerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_PercentageOfBracSharesOwnedByCompanyGrantedToGrantee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentIssuanceDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfInterestInSubsidiariesAndAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TransactionTypeAxis=ANFC_CashReceivedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfInterestInSubsidiariesAndAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TransactionTypeAxis=ANFC_CashAndReceivablesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfInterestInSubsidiariesAndAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_BookValueOfAssetSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndInvestmentsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TransactionTypeAxis=ANFC_RightsAndBackstopMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockByUniqueDescriptionAxis=ANFC_WarrantsExercisedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=ANFC_RightsOfferingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsExpirations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_WarrantsExercisableShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOtherThanOptionsExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOtherThanOptionsCancelledInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOtherThanOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOtherThanOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_WarrantsIssuedShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromWarrantExercises'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockByUniqueDescriptionAxis=ANFC_WarrantsExercisedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromWarrantExercises'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TransactionTypeAxis=ANFC_BackstopAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_WarrantsIssuedShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareholdersEquityClassAxis=ANFC_UnitPurchaseOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_FairValueOfUnitPurchaseOption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_FairValueOfUnitPurchaseOptionPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ANFC_BracMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_UnitsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ANFC_BracMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_UnitsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockDescriptionOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ANFC_BrogMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_UnitsBought'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_EffectOfCurrentStatutoryRateChangeOnDeferredTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ANFC_BrogMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_EffectOfCurrentStatutoryRateChangeOnDeferredTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ANFC_BracMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_EffectOfCurrentStatutoryRateChangeOnDeferredTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsUnrealizedLossesOnAvailableforSaleSecuritiesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsRestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesUnrealizedGainsOnTradingSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ANFC_BrogMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=ANFC_BracMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+




MDN

!3+UES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
M
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

M5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M






_Y/%_GM
T+
T.W


M4E5@
5O& RN0HGQ


MOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%$0%T10(C



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+
MA=OB5

)%K/]8UA[Y
M



0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
M


O




P1-1\V.

M)59C+ROMGLG^HHVLARAV*35_Z]]EX]ZW_@\C PTFD(% 1@(I/B70@4!' F:?


Y#.




M2P

M965T
BYX;6R%F-MNVS@0AE_%T'TK#L\*; .UBV(7V )!%[N]5FPZ-BI97DF)
MV[=?2E8


H9(61


4YKC]QP.FNA

M;V5W;D#P/!'4#P&*()D^@+2% LP53@A.F\1LA 3C@'IRV!
PU4L\#SB5L$5B
M(@!/.Y#4CL=V)$VD00D7_[ G1JI\X2/=5

M%7$B29V8(



H3SUA)&6L)T0IF7\:O.UBI
M



T-
M[1#&
I+@^#

DZ:


M20IPDW%&R7:0!#-)L%3L3$683A(@\D\0@14B4/YPYH]SNS^T^D/EC^9%I%H1


]Q8(AM3*D)H/V_;?I4ZODD6K!DEE9
I-%
MVU3;S*@V]NS+Y!GE@BFW
N4F4Z@QY4:F*
VS*




M:IIOP\VO^_NE&!SYRN_ZH8HR_+SYK:^JH:;@XY^YTN6US2'P]OJ]]I_'Y$
R

V?_FWWP5Y(.3T
:NJ;KQ




$KR1




5B!$I-XH9*5

%+DKL-I:

M50 QQ0D=YIAZ4SRID9(:1(QJI!Q6QEG0)IYCMHP4M'!A\$E
&..QC13;(&)N



M;(V876^K1A&_XKE^QSV^R.R+36VH95:*3I5VVMB;V+K@'&!Q*?_O@LF3I@=
M+F( 3^S^^[




M4)&4C%B0G1CAM!&4@&PGH;2A+%IT:199&GCN;FR@Y8Y;SB@#Z8ZG@DD(4FZ4
M)?X/%T\)[F(DD&^!^FW' %5




MBC04C
)EARV D





V$(5?Q?!]UN0
?X

ML231G-YWL)(*]K@'AH/@L3V_&X3# 0P
8
8 YC2 4ED6#AH[:G:CYHR-4=ID

P2Y[MR



2&DC(7'3'V0YB#)#EH\PU.@&Y&^7SE(9FE4A5 &(&$$)B79R31

 ))(ESRQU!N/F8U=(Z.1+U1OA#%(H  L59$J46@
M!.2\2IE$'^TK(#E+@5Q42A7(0QB)&H.2\2Z.^38X *%5(GDH)PB D4(M

M4D+1V?17L(


$
M%     @ CH1V3NCD3&JR 0  T@

M 


EXF3CJ7#
E?6'_%GOWO9R$A7M43[)T34:_
M4%))7KE'G%X@*F?3Y1
S?^ 
RB?'I3X&@4J&[^DZ*U#/;%X*5J\CJ=LXSE




M[]V[X\@&-

\K%*2

M33''
299QLP1S+//*9*U%

M+!25/W''B\S@0
PX^XZ'*][L4S^;
@3C*.(_+][ZZ+G8W-YG[!R(IIS#F)
N

YMGG$NE:B4/Z#SQ=AV]7%6XC?/M.X7_J[U8)=I%@]X[@XU6+*SEWR541
MMIBI M/$;;*DQ%['35Y$YX5]2..=_$T?M_TK-XW0EIS0^9N-\Z\1'7@IR8U?
MH=8_L-F14+M@WGG;C&LV.@Z[Z06Q^1D7?P!02P
$%     @ CH1V3EN
3RFV
M 0  T@
-*JL$Z5#.+EZ+X\[0+'?=QNCD<9M@V()T!Z0*XBWG8



MK1M4!,#94KOUL?3-L3'@#\-]'9V)J&2^)S
'X4*5T%02 A=X%!^.T*]R!E
M(/(R7D9..J4





M8)
AH73AN/=G

$%     @ CH1V3B0I(-2V 0
MT@

M./*BI+8%[9SK3XS9J@/%[1WVH/U-@T9QYTW3





MMLA



M[GF163

K,-WJPIW$;[[H#!=)TA7=)(D'X@N/U4XEK

MT^1(:7H=)WGAG0?V/HEO\AX^3OMW;ANA';D8CR\;^U\;XP&E;&YPA%K\8+
A
MH?;AN

$%     @ CH1V3N-C9\VX 0  T@
<];^ '^9W^V:+&%I18*M!-&

AQ

POM8%38(@D%#YP
!QN\(#2!F(4
;O
MF9
N*0-P?7YE_QQKQUHNW





2UD1XLL^DZF
MR'!P2G9P
L0.6@OS^P@*QYPF].IXE$WK@H
562\:^ [N1W\RWF(+2R4U=%9B


^!R




MOI7BR/^!\VWX?E/A/L+WKQ3^AR#=)$@C0?J*8/^FQ*V8]$T2MNJI!M/$:;*D
MQ*&+D[SR+@-[S^.;_ V?IOV;




M]BL4DH-K978$@-5
M1N^VAV
2\!'P)&&PBS




M?S;CE(V&PV[Z0&S^Q?E?4$L#!!0    ( (Z$=DXR





+34$?
M=L=3%N)CP+. T:W.)%1R

1CCU\Q)EY0!
MN#[?V#_%VK&6W?P:.1/4?NNH =*:FCX(/V3&3_#7
\[2N;BO\(5)(8')9BC
M


 I$4[8!  #2 P  &0   'AL
M+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970Q.YX;6QM4]MNW 0_17$!P0OZURTLBUE4U6M
MU$JK1&V?67MLHX#' ;Q._SZ '==)_0+,,.?,F6'(1C3/M@5PY%6KSN:T=:X_
M,&;+%K2P5]A#YV]J-%HX;YJ&V=Z J)(*\:3Y(9I(3M:9-%W
D6&@U.R@Y
A
M=M!:F+]'4#CF=$??'8^R:5UPL+K10-/X'[U)^,MMK!44D-G)7;$0)W3^]WA
MF(;X&/!;PFA79Q(J.2,^!^-[E=,D (%I0L







[HYYDZ9N

7_A LH# ]*
$=AE(LK
M*7KGC9Y84(H6K^
NV[@/X\V63[!U )\ ? ;L8QXV)HK*OPDO\M2:@=BQ]YT(

;KIR1LT5
-MH[3Y$AA^C9.\L([

Q5






X4T2MNFI!MO&:7*D
F
?)WGC70?V

M+#^(K=^X_ -02P
$%     @ CH1V3JUOY[FW 0  T@

B+DMKFM'6N/S)FRQ:4


7P5DRP1S+
O*?A6BA/_#\ZWX?M-

%IHG39$F)@XZ3O/(N _O


M:&5E='



F;+%I2P

A=E!*F-\G


M]Z8



M971S+W-H965T
C




M/BA


M38U6Q],VS#761!5 FG%^&9SQ[20AA99\IUMD6'OE31PML3U6@O[YP0*AYQN
MZ:OC23:MCPY69)UHX#OX']W9!HO-+)748)Q$0RS4.7W8'D_[&)\?DH8W.)


72/1%'
:8_@B9CM'L

MX?TZP7Z58)\(]F\(#N]*7(OY\X)6_14@VW2-#E28F_2)^\\\ ^I$=D_\+'

M+W-H965T


Q#? SXS6&RFS
*
ME9RU?@K&MZ;$21 $ FH7&)C?+G '0@0B+^//PHG7E &X/;^P?XVU^UK.S
*=





TLI-;168DL

M$^)+



M965T




_4D6MZ8

_MGR
M2MQ7
8D_%E[*\T7;A62];-F9_^#Z9[N39I8
+

M.

4/VE(P\[KQ9UY5ELGX\;LGC0=-:_@X



!
L

RPRAR)S0.!?/
#D



(\N

M;5H)]\

M



MXZ*7DMXE.;EXH@5SG#%T@TE7!''LJP2-21SI/^DTGKZ+.MR%]-U6_3:+$^RC

YYRY


F74(&XOK\IOXQ

S%?X$;* \/F?@8)2H;5U(.


M'WE\D[_P:=J_M/(SI(K.O^RL?\UH@.?RN[.CU#K/]AB**A=.*;^;*8QFPR'
M_?R#V/*-BS]02P,$%     @ CH1V3O\!8YFW 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W;W)K


4AZ2-%]F6FE;5)FU2U&G=
SGGW \NV:#-JVT!''J30MD<M\YU!T)LV8)D
M]D9WH/Q-K8UDSINF(;8SP*I(DH+0)+DCDG&%BRSZ3J;(=.\$5W RR/92
O/W

MK^7

C$QRBUL'%%96^=



EZGF'1.&8C+\T?T^U@[
MUG(6#NZ

R%?\++J 0'I1@CL(H%U=2]
X;
M/45!*5J\C;MLXSZ
-[N;B;9.X!.!SX1]S




MS9\X_P]02P

M971S+W-H965T

MVZA@/

M@Q9O*F.U\&C:FKG.@B@C22O&-YM/3 O9TCR-OK/-4]-[)5LX6^)ZK85]/8$R
M0T:W]-WQ).O&!P?+TT[4\ /\S^YLT6*S2BDUM$Z:EEBH
GJW/9Z2@(^ 7Q(&
MMSB34
G%F.=@?\SN@D)@8+!P6!VQ7N0:D@A&G\F33I'#(0E^=W]:^Q=JSE

M@JEH\3+NLHW[




M971S+W-H965T
S

4FR1-&MF6FD[3)FU2U&G=9V*?








*3AXO_ IY;ZRG3#.X,NRKKG$RZY5LJ2R6Y<[FTKHN7A8#:




[D! H*'U0$+A=X!Z4D*8QI]9


4!SMN&MF6



M:&5E=#
V+GAM;(U5[:Z;



M2?.
LXO%^W^KH_JC( M?%;/01E

Y9$PV8=8_Q)I@KPE'L
MHX2'2:R].W?O5F!SC_!C7

32 A
M&DB($(0X08021 A!-(NRQT0&TQI


[2?ZCL@-H
;R3KAFGEC
S_P=02P
$%     @ CH1V3@?DK=(4 @  R04  !D   !X






2%
/DS 0P)^2XBM


ML=$

MQR06TUA
G*[OPR1=!S
[2V28!.LT2''D%K5RBEHM7.$P=A

MM
[=?(1X)R)UBD@=(I*9B/33K5TB_]=:-+D!#
39#@OIE?S2*/.O3:+C/'J(
MS V:Q;=Z3O5CY8VF'W(_B#C7C?0.7.G[:6_1B7


  #A   &0


MLWI=49PMHJLEZC&;#D-&&#P@(L
^I!0B@V9A)/W;93!
W@#!0T05U\_
Y$
M[IGH
(G#- Z#/!4?(=Z)B$$1



KC'-:2
M@5HR0(N79I--S@3%9KL\R=LI+




M?&\
DXH?M1UF9BR[IMM-M&C[#XIH^*I9_0-02P
$%     @ CH1V3K+7 VVT
M 0  Q@

!K7R0%31A[I))W
M/2ESGSOH







'V9@O6]76A3;#=A=UAU86FUZIKB)D


MH_?S
 N#C=P6QTH_J?


Q:=0[:H5J'

]0L$4A!+=-3Q
M%F#E2O41N!D$+S7%S=!3#6@TS2RS2]#)MXX4H('C/&:$\$Z8EP/6%(&XA)
M S$1I^$0L@P,0GF8YD;1Q+2D81P9 HRR,17&4-_PE(2)B5@8MI 1AK( /)
MQ
_



T@\A 6:L4!05OA*2;






MDZ 9K:3=&\_VQ6P'64_BC8N3[GV.$C=WX2\EWM.=?!1UTU:A'NM6X?HTBM








M_3=^Y)4IMTF

M
W+)/S'-EG

M%S5DJ(B
^F !F
4*)LN3-


I@(T'F7M:K++K 9X











YO!?X )4PXT3



$YAW
0*$8N7F4#H+RWCO5R[S=*#3N$Y+F!CLHG/DO9VHN.JIT
M*:Y(#@+HQ9(ZAL(@2%!'V]XOSMV%&7!;XJU/1R%)V]=1\7? S ^[GWLOP\\

M?9O:MK?M.
VDZ4QS$\*9$X$'/V70&8V1#0Y
Q&_4P5+0O!1T]
/VN@YDS@







M+8*9X0K/P+DE&1]_1Z@_Y;2!]_
;_8L[O#G


M9M8E#?!_?X @DAG$3 '1!4X1492D



M@#%'9&W\6CCQ*ND2M_
/]A=?NZWE0C4\2?9S:$Q?X@-&#;1T8N95SI]@J2?'
M:G^UR!6;AS8C5JR;1_HWK21O*%Q5KA]#V
@_#C'';R;$F+)Z1+0KHFI*&6

.D&
MLUL1Q+*O$FE



MZ@]02P
\]^Z=8U_6<?$L*P#EO3#:R-ROE&K7,FR D;D'6^A
MT5^.7#B=A.2+8R







=JGWHI])
M?:!X.XQ;-
[\XA]02P


M_J&


TXP)-I@=HKQ'
MX&2%(&5@=1%8702&CS?\

MA%8WX9T;G.*=G1D3;_;YX =QBOV='QO.3\(HM1N*K(:B^^-)=GXB2^Y@=X:E



@O1=*.E'ZC93]

4=QV?E68V(%7!;M*TG9P
MX)ZX4HKYWQT0-I1^Z+\&'MM+(W4 546/+_ 3Y%-_X.J$IBRGED(G6M9Y'
ZE
M_Q!N][G&&\O%@8QVWNZDB-CS_KP[53Z@38$!&JI,VUW& /A.A$RL:?





M?:P1GY(\_* AN=-(OC82A0LC^:HA]TF^_'[6H##8))N%%S1[$Q3XQ8P/X=7L



^V0E9


MU8=E7

JY?Y'FZ/2HNZS&)2:

MJ5G

]4J
WM:T7FQ2$XV4:]YZ#3D2D/&BK6OH/D@20S 0$% N+B
MTQ'%'$Y P034):!75*$X 0IF %";+T$DR)VF
T&
MEQ92!I<6(]@;$(5WDAQPU[PQU]

5@^G[[]YH@

FPL&W



N:


!\(.)?A0[S;YP9O ;\[
M&.5B'YA.CIR_F.#;J0PC8P@HU,HP$+U<X1$H-43:QNO$&<Z2IGY?V=_LKWK
M7HY$PB.G?[J3:LLP#X
3G

IN:_PQ6HAALG6J/F5-K_H+Y(
MQ=G$HJTP\N;6KK?KZ$ZR9KS%^I 
\%V/7BA*SS+T21JA!\#(2[^X&83QSO
ML+Z;VB3M5=@S;5[J[+5*HJQ 5T


-I02;M?D0;//N



.BC_\8NK-)PHT1S['@E[7^P.TO%Z]Z+
MEE+3E^Y9-O9Y[=ZD:6_F-T] 1H,(/NO0=(;)&\&V ;?*;.A?J**KA:7P/1
M?:V6FD

5)T@*&&JO!2%0X5ABE5ATG'
MVZ*92%+XB2#V%X;80S7)JDT/&G-!$D.&9ZAF:A!XJ
B

QD'_O0'-__=
].#QA\2



W-UUG]9V*8]G(
M8
N5[@GLS7W@7#&M

M_L4FKY/94

ME/;I;4]2\:J-HJU4]-V]B]J^+^Y+FK8TF$!: ND(^#XA; GA)R&Z2XA:0C0@


M_@.Z\AN#?F/ ;S+P&X]F)LNS'4I+)2 0LD#$Y, Z80$5DE!E110N6$S P-D
M0(!L8--A\BN;Z,8*ST&5'% 9_-N%P\3]]0A+8 27_3 -FI!=_?1M=B-VH3'
M8B$:BD&@6TF!!6J.R0/+J 4]MBTP7(
P5(2&&P./:\;=G8'AFH$?*1H8VNNC
MS1'T#I.*B8

MBFDSZ$DORZ.^O'2=DNV5:::Z+=P)[CJ*-^WM).BN2+-_4$L#!!0    ( (Z$

M;V^;
!#&OPKB_8K-/YLJB=1DFC9IDZI.W5Z[B9.@ LYL)^F^_6Q#*9A+HKT)
27.\Q'[QM/
MY6ZO[4:TF!W8CO_D^OGP*
TJZK-LRIHWJA1-(/EV'C[@^Q6F-L I?I7\K ;W



/+Q@8GG[\<78A!6A0




MS1@%]D0

M@K4X-MK.#8/=?KA\B.TTY.TO[=#IIJ2/-.W$^H/)7=FHX$5H
VNYB6@KA.8&
MTISB





M38@F0C03POO_$N*)$+\1L#7O.K-6/Q)%\E3PT1/N9PW$G(GP$.O-+$W2[IU=

MCY?\Z*9&X3)Q?0.$P:[.+QI90U+=GB?_,,PWFP'K]K!^,.V0+(ID+S#3_(^
M/VO8IA^T.\
1&.OEO1*?NF5^3.+['Q['^R)OLD7^E:[2_@FXYZ$;T0T72^]
M



M-2YX;6R5EMN.VC 0AE\ERGU)G#



9;4DCGQPH
MJ[&02W8

L(WNN@N@JB


J&/#*/G^L:L[\;4M'K




?'@R9&$!
P0:(3)(
$%N3&:#*M
M:8PF3L/0.JRM*PMADA0D20&2V)))TH8BG% (#(3( (K$@LKL04XH!1 Y


DMDKE3(IZ'
M+HDKFSH8%
+N$0) A6T?X3VB8:D1HT+NGSQ*1U* 1K1&$4 [MVF-J+A]1;
0
Z]_'F
M_W


M%H*VW8P;](/VZA]02P

F2%E_A&XCO[9')G3.RG*L:&E[1QF)P



NU7J[8*!/_0[GB=\OU1F1C%-DL;T<0F FV1H+MWZ]7OOVORX-<\\?H

L@5WUD.%606^-4#UJ<CH.LKVG.N_L_* &G.[(KS3]

M='

ER$B2





M$/'S0!E_[%SDOBT\U]=*F06OR#MRI5^H^MH=A9YY(\NY;F@K:]XZ@EYV[AYM

@=4=-

--



+4'T!T$
$T0@0000)+

6U?)
9IAE-8* :%

M*U*@

I:V5H$6Q
MO0ED&RZR16'J_V5K8!LCP
?IXK*0O7#8)=C  ;
MIRL7#H(MB@#_+4]
\I\G!G8J FR8SJ^W ?3/$^--&D=#Q=6V3.F4_-;:?CU9

$%     @ CH1V3D44=JX9 @  @@4  !D   !X






MP\0S3#0AD%:?4L2^%/MX18\_)CBL$4GNSY!XBT@L/YEGB!._0.H52*U ^J$+



M#A3.RFQSO1=N++B#XOTX\= T=JM_4$L#!!0    ( (Z$=DXSPWVT(@
  +@.

!#]*H@/4#@#
M^5$ED9I


MAK
P*PR-B$A['T,P%&+-''/V
M/L#&1213'&!222=??HN;*20!B;!\(DF$@*B:3 06H109C,(H(P$TPD@T0R
MX&!J!4&8&0XR@4$FP,'<N)BLCC&0:8PR!0XL&N+

@
.[-HB
MC%U;A/'4=@Z)S($#J[9KA)E91!!FCHE0C




QF%U]1=02P


MS\-)2AV]-'4[;.*3UMTJ28;=239BN%.=;

MS9)&5&V\7;NUAWZ[5F==5ZU\Z*/AW#2B_WLO:W7=QA^77BLCB=M%Y+MNA-'
M^4/JG]U#;V;)[&5?-;(=*M5&O3QLXH]H52)J#9SB5R6OP\TXLJ$\*?5L)U_W
MFSBU1+*6.VU=/.XR%+6M?5D./Y
3N-Y3VMX.W[U_MD%;X)Y$H
L5?V[VNO3
M&HF+P:E$2_C
MLVK=\SJ^R?!D!AO@R0#/!F-R%@W(9$ \@V0D<Z%^$EILU[VZ1OU8K4[8CP*M
MB$GFSBZZW+EW)MK!K%ZV#+-U<K&.)LW]J,$W&OQ6488*PF=)8@!F@Q28&=/
MWE!DL 

E?H(!5;K LM#D$)!?
M[+.@=[&$JB46N-4A#+ 0GP6#Q2:^L 2$_ZTV@MLG OHGH3X41,$?X*0,L\*
M4BR=@ANHBCLHHP$IQ
-^C54MU %M8SDYMRT%YGOHC]6[1 ]*6V.8'=0'I32
MTKA


K=0#5Y8#/
M\!WDCV'/U0HM+




M$9O\Y)V)_

K




MQ]/)=W_[C[KXVW\T?WM=+G;K?-
DV6:97&R:HGE

MP__X:_.W__@KOL0OCL;)^W+3W-7PUC)?MO_\.E\


M+&_SY&.Q2OX]6V]_2'[








3%X


M^#-^:3I+3^%7IZ?#_=
 RDO*FP3X2KZ^!O&B*A(]ATPF!2Y0;_-%4]SGJPX7






M;K5Z3);%:M=T^6=G0XB+^P
_?ZSWV09FQ:91GB=RJ/_[/:D8_\_S.#$RXJO/



];Y/FR%D;XK3IKE$)_
M*9J[994]P$1HU



36P+M*D
2;LAN'^I0#Z1!9




N!'':5:M+7.1R(71RL


MS



M_GH-#T=#0T3


M2]?YJGQ(^33P4U6.65#(.Y!*U)WN&)4









I6


Q&YR
MUJ5!

S;7+
3C*6FW9CJZ2Z






(0_ .^L


\=O=*D./08ZW
MF_9)5.#%79'?&+?)=@$I&NLLZ^4?$&_(5W[KGP@=@LW=(&?@QT&%K50PTD%
MGOC!A#.A2D6AE5M;K$$702?B^=J




M%09
\8(@B6U(R4HIUAC



D
?;B=XB

^R;O\65
I814$KC(W\+0Q1
MGCV9R?UBG$Y&8V((+R:GZ6PZUF


M!T':#!X3#8=N'/X$LI.B/C:X+UJK.


M2
+0L\HF!GV7
W0^
A?A'-VJR&'A2Q$AAAE_[;ER;!1= UV$9 U77;2R'C




M*?*=(B

#\?K5;K?*&0IN#9 2L1X_PZNQ5,AK.[?EQYD.%G(R\=]OMNX_$A<JUNBZ

A'CRJ
XE)UI24H3$GWXNM?H1%7I'WCD^V#LF0]P_399'-)P6<
MVX)M\-!6\:H+0
MFRP@F#TRWN%X]6OV;=**0Y+UL$EI?C6X7CZ8*=A;DC?I7
M.M9BZ

*Y



MK3+



M[-9X)Q:YZJ]D4(/BL[2Y+\NW)-1]'JL0*69O 6.7T
J;E-*2RIK/1'#OGH

D @*[LN%=7J;B;10[DZE&WD_)$FJ&24NT/ZP(O3=#H;BZ$\3.?3N35D
MZ3P33
_J6OO])L

M=EI:H;C$J_+*5LB]YMHX5RAV\([*ZB[SRA RB3R;V[^[LCNNM]/]O+B\TNTT




M

XF8W.Y
MVM4OW8EKJ2H:F


G^BD
MJ1^]0O\3Y?8J6D+;F)F-YFC
3(9'8PY1T-*/R'%EI&@CK'%-$V?WC*9H,=
M_MR^UW@5G/](U!$Y$.&'5K-W[C+:*$^)9KV5DWW]*%Y]TB)R2FJGJU Z=H0
M$


M- ?#_CK+WUTP19Q$M^R4H3@[KJK6(GHR7CHN3,[K$8+OJ0)'9TM33-$Y




M=\;.!$26IUS*&@XBK;UKEBP612&(2)3^A& ]I(O7!*YD=?T!7 :8/6_[CD



5[;M#%\ CUZH=




MX%D


4-$6$-XW 2
MWHZ-J6!Z9%X4SD3VCV184V+JAPJ7BS[ ?+:UNJHYOU8!/)42T(9OH6Z\.3


M)Z$ 0\0+[O.S:RQ04N F;SN


#\P+Q $\LVNZ#'K-:)G!D'3JZ.


]'8 ]64 C56

3H#LPX60&N!JB7
M!)- :@?%LC@PV


MH_UYO%(
_OGD'8S+D^MFF*W=J!E917X@]:TSKK/8W!-1C*%6008CRXJJ5S

6B



2
MHV$Z.IGR]:N;KD=3K[95V[5R37R]FYR%%L*!UHWQT09LC3K9.8/$H3ZO'I4:




MCM&)+B7W)*B'MH6*?NU[@-55Z#GR )1
=8NJRD;RR?7Z
1^1&:'C&)VDZ)R\
M(;#0 LU0/L/Q079X


M9+:^F)S(\%$6EK86B!

-

X.]+ &IE#L[-P\9V+1DZ
K


M@IR1


ME*LFG(IU[7:U



1[
MZ)#\8$6D=#Q6_!?4&WF%X]9OQ<4\T_E0&<IK5A9!W;G#H7QP<?+77- $70\^
MGY-238!0?-R9);7E]!;5LL!P61O\)08\0H)&W5$E\<2UQQQ%MG
IW6YG^




9!P#FQ
MV0A)\^[[OHO+6/.775T
O%FG[I33((LA$%$:UE2@(@IH#W)%S?7FG0+UYR2
M,UF/O:&V





2V.X;

MV:+-I^T3P0=_N?S



M?;MEH]6&Q9&[(NW#HE:!OM)
ZZA^ULBX9AX]#3;H)8

MI



8?:V&0DHBUR+:4])
S



?*D.+
MT-/D




ZG-9_EW97R GN0?RA
MVU9=^?C

!)'[W40$'\0P_8


#+27$O\Y^K[CXW1:L-F4UJAI

M
=.<2-WTN<<[
MPU(O1G\K_=R!H6H %+VE(@!4P]$ZMA;Q=9Y9U:?P6O$VXI3SLD2=&Q%=C#DP


&HP510C32T'(FON_B81RB/-^A;]69F)%05-[P+XD@! +


MX




'W



Q/83Q?B+TW0Z&S-^(ZQM/@43R.^(

8;PA


MN:1MX$.5='9+O5G[B8ARXQV!2*L \^/9V67:NG623^F*
Q6K0P9O952Q&ZMS
MTD-
2^3:Q:\EC8M]HYZI0B$!0+
/GBG^@V^K2DIN/P3CP(6W$2?#+F:@
M_9#TH;Q

W4PPT^;X6@2ZV+;YO!);H/
 [[9KMKO%H
M;!V

DJ.X;31_!W483K\P_=U1=




;KUFHY9^'9^!;1BGPB
MH^DHG0QG^#\81:6^_4GT0+E$H^DXG:-&-'3I!/J@5^$O+_DU_ZVG[5LO@C%C






=
I4[]C: :75SX?29A[;



BV]EEX!IB]U+G3T2K33QBR[?9O0*?9Q&TU
]*0K1@I@&G#1F5UH

+4


ZI&/N72W9=^.MX5]S([_VE\&\


+RS .
MY
[3
R 'W3/ESK&F/N*WH/V$[U3GN&4Y\=HF#]GRG)HU

M]VF$INS15.QQCVP22S?6HF+M

Y]^G!))?%?77
MHQL

[W?H'/8#JI-U
ME@\'@YBZ^I1U7H6]J2UB?E
M];-_LH#ONFSM=NN1M069?<13.\CRBZ5Y2%+\[_P.^1[WU!_WF1['W#S/1 *

(
$6[2WHCJ7;+L1O.#B:M'L


'!A:D:9A




.@[!U=#&I3(G

^ZS=;O45^Y21$= F! \O3KM?L#Z






MAY9/+3

G%[M_:#T+IHI
K3M^E(X;Y@$A[=F'2$#YE%*&$H09MG9W?\X7

>+_5S@+



I.)*IUZ3H<SG5&%T&KM*DK)C

.O-2H4

0UMGE0H8CQKN!I]L;

M@RM;[[NSJ?$PNHFAD
S%-TI+@MJRDD2R;16!-='8.Z8EH=R7T.0KD?$0?Y.X


YT-INGI[
Y



?OATQF[XJ@1I+06SH&
M)J,YZ]$K6-@12)!V6W!S/!H-#VX/D0 0'PC'MSOP]G5Z[/_QC(5:C&.S]=M

A6 5Z#GT!]6=[FI.7=/6[1W4X=D0Q[?3%D3\FRHN^W


MM VUO6^\#/3CT


*SN5U,.),984) (^ +
AROB*(ZO
M?C


MJ@[;7I/+FG^NXB2PM4S$UNKD(\\&V@WH



%


#KKO
M0^P7
1W
OT\F@]/O#:




MYW0.AH

M?QZ1A7_YPCFHYPFPZF)S0?NA%MLA;.



5C*DC_D01?LH

MJ+8(TUO3NTKEJ^R!N65D:''F[M ]]2]VB8%EC9A7RN6547A=WOM+;T&H)V?M


QR$6KQF:BM#]T LW8D50;]8C



MA\XMJBUK18
L1H+$:E\XTD






MO*B47OJ(7\@K]'Q[







M.]O#9N

A
MCH)\B
ALVCD+\=2&VG?10_D9U+NRJ2@=C7R=B+U$I#K$QRVC4AP2)/=T4.

  )))=L2PDJ9;[


J/


M&/U2.APT

MS4W!9LND5W6Q.8(#K$M.LJ\*2NU($X0L++:KK$&Y8H_5-MB1[GQJJJ;H+
?N


QQB([*GW2EU'%4+1




M)I
D4C\&1I#?[X1RLP^.#Q


]V



M[KDXD7.K
(XON]X(FTDFH)\UXL*3X-TF(V[J-4&GBVR1U%CP\
CH3JJ\YMJB





MM0*

M^:QP\^#1 OAHS$$M*7M1\F(:UK*NX-90A3+A??EA*W
E(T\/LD.L+BZCL(9H



62&FZR^W./6*]2E5Y/)CRCX_3!63





MB^\-&W+A?BK:8/QN^)%*?(/Y
^=;NBT1\XR5.XPAX9:Q6B#X^2BPWX
0/]4N





@7@:8MVGCN/E0LK0^UME=N-LPBC

SFS_+MV* JX2


MA8.


6K34/NKO 2






MNM3OK;IO
;?&R^Y9BD0TI4:4[ FP



AK._4:Z8-)6N=002JV8



,*[ EZC,$W6#=P07A7]%&6#219Q7,=\O&@]!D[3GUV<$KR4(
MH4+HT




MAU3BL/%'S(Y3#3Z$OF5EEYP0?(FESBPHU@(7+U\P/







M!)G!J_O.T&
2Q;=SWO:






R-




%_#OJ=&9 _SL

MCV]*]RI
;I0-_EE *R-'A:!!/H@R8#W-U&+L8MRJJNF=YQ^^L\=7CF\'0ZY
M-#8@CB10.A:(-#5A(ZFFL# +N


%
O$I7Y@2M;

M!99CII).I5BLCWYWDM359[4=ZSITX%C_2X]+G;)U'E/+.!L=[O#S70V$XD
MT(':L\S.;:=QV_EE2ZK)P=G5ET

9IX&4PT
M%@RA85CIJM$_PNQH#IM''GL+=<G[!TCX3%.T]!&H2LW_D'
MN!/.#OTOKET

M#+T:7$A\H8'7YU#D5E[2:.VS#J;G



/<)!^[]XE6]^1<TY
M^9C?81M;^N5/99Z\R^Z:@O_Y7SD8)-A#(S_?@7H%:CLUBS/O067*\E5R46 S
MW&2
?=U^@HG5R?L2_SGZOH- .APD/='POET.?%R]I!:-I+](1D!JH^
3]Y-T

M27.





 [;VV]2S=AN]
M93$Q^[TS 


MQLDI4X@B#T'D47^(5W[5(K=&O
B#-H2;U#3*'/NE(H];4&1 ^WBR ,%RD#

ML?IYPHH$7MZ37M\H
XH1T;'N6+_A.=:4%2I6I*8*5DH8GZ1D[GW\+KP*P%1R

W]+9_Z6SMRE
X_-JH3'/B]91]X22*-8





B(\ -B9!';I 9S$(WJG$:IEW- Z$8I!?FG_=YUC+Y
MD(E9]J16_+0AJ$=CZ@1T@H'Z(Q1/
/ZBF!-&*T'KL1HV(@'1)YCSL  X\2
M_$

Y
4$I-


MK9)U&.#_NX25I)?WZ0J*I5W 5FX-PYUO:)8PLO6=^_0Y2\6*96\P^(D!.:
M=&K7O)TV9[#?
W


]



MY9KZ8$


\R$MUN)\F@?C)HESM)5W8NS3


.\Q
M4@.$DZFR
#]I^QD5 M KPU^#6)D: *W*?0;4





PD4(J3K1Q51DTM0*2


ME




M?[3H\4X:SE2)'BR/T%.6W[IDYOSO0;4$L#!!0    ( (Z$=D[9E31+*04



M-7(NB]KW;]MCC74#_U!6I%:J AI=PXT4#^9MN_O)..QP+Z;\MEUKUAA?6W4A
M

& ]]+(6YE)^]2NE=\S48.K
M:*#+*/MA^[GIQ#/]-]VHYG.9BIY*U[DH[*8?M<C<V0NSEM38P7/1;NVW87Q


/A%R
H6/__I# !Q=L-&X
M?XT@8P(R/@2D8YQ




Z'-EW*0JU.%TDC@V2
!B&2T*IMQ

68

N_X'6%
RAVA
M9W?LB/S8T90#A/D'
U+^#W[XWT(N LPHFP2^;;)WBK1
68E& BWX*A(JW*
MS(DHQT2^'?

W%KTR5
M30S7,Q+*0<EGICL?,N#3EDH\9WY[
(L5W;WZ@N694)9*/&= U42M*TH7ULP

4A5J^+;0/\T.\V:(LUHMU-B^!S<3<UF(














I0T44VR8/E?%4/D5?=\N/O'/CXX-I4V.V:=BW!?GI

M%%D%BJP15:!(JM D56@RI09!4HLDH4626*K!)%5HDBJT215:+(*E%DE2BR

M2P$% ,4     .A'9.'R// \     3 @  P              @ $
M7W)E;'
O+G)E;'-02P$% ,4     .A'9.)^B'#H(   Q    $

O87!P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (Z$=DZ2

M


M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (Z$=DX@LK?TZ0





M% 


YX
M;6Q02P$% 



M965T

  !D

4




M A0#%     @ CH1V3B %'!&V 0  T0
  !D              ( !_3$  'AL



M3NLN90*W 0  T@

O

4     .A'9.UI^DBK8!  #2 P  &0              @ %Z/P


M

  !D
M ( !54





M%     @ CH1V3HR (#_% 0  -P0  !D              ( !_4D  'AL+W=O


=-

4     .A'9.GJ59
+@!  #2 P  &0

4     .A'9.
M;(ZOSJ

M:&5E=#
X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (Z$=DZRUP-MM $  
8#   9


M  @ CH1V3L4061L\ P  -0T  !D              ( !.F

M:&5E='

YX;6Q02P$% 
4     .A'9.H)1\F\T  !BP

M 0(4 Q0    ( (Z$=DZ?Y7?& P(  '



M
RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     .A'9.92H/HQ,  !.!P  &0





4     .A'9.^Z
@

M=#4P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (Z$=DXL2#2TT@(  #X*   9


M='

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     .A'9.3W6_B/$  6P  &0










4
M .A'9.








4     .A'9.

4     .A'9.EXJ+;.@!  !K)   $P
M        @ %8(0$ 6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+!08     1@!& !P3
(  !Q(P$    !
end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001683168-19-000757-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( (Z$=DY\WYV9+-8  '+G!P 1    86YF8RTR
#$X
3(S
2YX

BB

M_\LK^ZCURA+^.)BX_O4OK[Y=-H\O3TY/7UG_]]?_^3\L^+^__:]FT_KLF_R
MWOH8C)NG_C3XV?KBS,5[ZS?AB])@_!GZQ^.E^ GP6?7$Z%U$LP7GH@%?
$C

M+H

MG:

MXN!JC


MP*X+8]10OZ;346]*ORO\##1I^B.:=SK\)/
3]7F& /6A9&DUGX^CLREJSF:K
MT[1[3XRWK-/B7]


M%[%SY8E+


G9LYYX5A?'[
/<2M'T+/'F+(CR'!\V\_^*]'3?0X738=9Z3?.:;/Q'A+88/_.O/XJF[
MB?9R

1G@318=L\AVV37\W#

M;Z(\1
7[U@7\8*(\%0%_?!/E20KXP41Y*@+^^;*0X ,E!B:_FE=(OGD%FO



M#J*U.\#):GX?)/L!\!B.)Q
B(

C*

_%!





C)/E0E
VXX/HK!I#EI69ST-@*KI39.9X$)$Z]10'

$!Z&E=HQ'6:2P^./YSB;?-@C#^*L+Y

M
?B6X'7HT^@XB4% W7^+R3=_(D*#DG
/;L(?[A2:V'GHC@6MA0E_:*S-P?]:
MQ_]Z$/.#F.^EA[CBTG;H)OK



E;D+?[V2S(7H1
')??(%7B0I['L

+?GEU^N7SJU^[
M@]&P]JE];=W]48KTG8AKMTHQG





1
M

MEA&$6OP!B%H.:+&


MXI%I6F

ASM0N2NA?2X]%(^0:O5
MW\$JUX(0?.#]
MA;2OR[+B%J@88 
-YJN&_<[+FP
MT90KG;2;#%QGSJL-?$F0LP1WZ!<3TEL%2<


M;@_M7K^&A-$HF]-4BZ





MA



M@]YPT
D35QAJ XI6Y5=_T.IVUR1H&5

MEZ\X[JH
:-4:] \G_[HW+P4XR2DJ,HW/Q2.AW5%OX'-MJU;6[_?:QE24F_@
M[9&[\O[M=T?#WJ;TIIN2V9^/#JRKE[N#;B=[_!3&69.45?G4Z?4Z9FY!B5G

M5628\91
M;/.L!V%JV6:*PCUC;H'$U06M:_=-#JY((IV5#\#*WK#?
Y-GZXR[+5I7UO']
M8=^T\-:A]3P





^NW.5HE4]0#&




MJN/I]OT
RP;;E+ -1'.79T)(\B?1^KWDSI@;NNRDX)J#O]
0GA%L-.*:Z#


MQ[2^!+Z



+

MDGD


]CH41M
MJ=Q76\


W%Z3=/-V3$7*:'KCF;!6NE'QXG8/$D'E37T)+84I.&'L@YA*



$5=VC?;K7QB]WIV ;[JP?8C)1:,&OM3-3]
M?E*(<Q^@%O-GDUIQQ3
J96:T!P6N5KL\(@PC%&X*[A52Y
JISZV.Q+_IK

G7@/]1M4=:S597Z^H/@1-.
%8DW48G


MA^X8MJZ$T3+Z0MQO*FMJ=23H#^%@.@;]_@)C\T;V?.'A4W\!E/TN;H17IW[#

]*U\/]












MU


;18&7

I[!?_QON_-S
+6498G$O5O@.^@;


_XK

+8';L+0OVWY!LF


[1P\O]H^YY?#M
<OH16S .I!E

,RT)4'U<3K7J/5LQO]08]^
MG9%@H]U.W9C:(\:([M%)+#V.P+M(=*?WPJ4*11V$
=H 1(4A.8T]$$^^!G&



M 

MCQD#;PILO0:YIX4S M+!PXNY%9.Z2;&2G


\
M7+&F15J\AB#3EA%3F&A


MLQ(9W


UAEI;RR%+
J
MAG]6]V]/3./JY;D5:'&]ART)9K.GGTM(TSF1&RE.IMPCLI
'8]H2RQ

]ZEJ
MI0:CP!G!E5ZH4!?8=A


ME!XD)=1_XAE



[8ZEXE2\GH?7
1
MOG=D<V0^VJW5JVC,\LND_,$-\7(N_CD#P^BN&6!O:2O2; =[$G;C]6R)DW4B
MC]^E^3T_*QAV**W

]_A8#?H(4/?Z (#C8(=J^A-GI2Z<HG?H8 Q!&T_QAXLN3 :GA*B
M!7_E


M-(Y!=*1*C


MTZC.:2)ZTHPB5$W+C5
ND?E.?
MCR\_6

 *+[)0/A1/)
M^![F&'%&/N7V'/O%45&0)V#T^


X-P:XY# ;3C$QRJC


M@57';L;!@L;7'R@?('VVG6#?MS0)Y!/


A


M ED!;3B.47^SP8L7D



M]:65G:
(:K=-3-4#\
-X1O( 9P!(V^=B\A[[:[0C G4TDC'U0/P:=$V9P=$*



M1Y22EP/WC[7PDH@37X1A= -]#2GYY&'Z(4\WR4!RC63M.:SV@'V6)P+WQ8S/
M1)S-1S&F7/!46#MV(U
[



ME!DLWXUO
XD+@G*DN2(N^=QD!)^&6J/A^?<*E<'
MU:MPLU=YVN$^XDL251B3;\*@L^07R((;-&VS6U?65




M2$QQ Q -


M&V;6%.


G
MJ2)+'=E6J1

'P,I]SDU$07EM;(,434$/BA
M.<R$J%\.FZZ%4H]GBXP0ZZ8/B/+5UQ=WU %X345!8F

K'=[3^
M&$%8S
7C.BHS% E%D4Q+U/F!.OK$X5D!QYO


.J
U%F2% JEMP*!+%&AK5Q
M'*%W6SZD\\#Q]K04_X&S4\QL3@EYJ$AI6+__?I*K-OI[IMJ(A?)Y7%0K$.2
M 6=@0%GK_YG ?NS(K.8TB;L.:3:A*BC(]Q\


'F?KAT_EEIACQ?W-NJW1&\



MFN/)QTSN9M%0XIN+G?R039A7YA&^#ICBQ)NOIYKULF8\LKW?@4..'8\1*J*
M!=WMQB3G





M?F

\;HT&K



M:4+F-?O(




&&CJOF

J'2+.



M
K#A0@IFK\8E-1
)G0&+&D)$X]#%*ES%]:
_@ZV\Y:TLPU;KPI)D6)F/
ME[XO_Q;





MC8F%4=EF5'



9D


M%^V50^*^L /H%*O(;R2B0/G>N?R&.X-HX=TQ-':' 



MNUT+1B40!&_X!?OL7*Q8B].FN0K^3






*THPZIPE-

XVYYJOI.02XK]ORP
\@[R[.CO(;A5VD*'5\UM!WCBZ



M:33'NT8*ANY( K(-N*Y @E52&7?&X3?H]#L0$\K@XE03_K:A\B0F*GO!T7E2




MWEL253P-H#73UHMD+H4+HL12J%\US2.;LA1[J.LQ'HY=L&[

KO-%3CFZAW:/
MZ-;7


-&4Y+%0=184*!;X+')SXWYI47%.+(L[XC2*5[!M2(@/7-A:K

MQ- JC-4O

MT(?12DI6[=W1BO[/O'

M7CO.XOUE*MNIY_H\@,+V/@5=.('#VSS7__G_\R\K^I7R%B9'0VS?WBCO]7

CB
W
=L#O'C
MM:H^2\**))M0IU#LC
A(N/34$EA/C4#$(X45FC JD%OOE49$#ZF3RLQU@C
M-7:L-U1DB*U/WNJH6)AX0KMA+[
UY7S)E!EC(.AS.#ZI#]OEIY.WI9)93\;R
TEB'JK )[<


MKF1I;0#%507H.
V
M;!W[5&N4\-QIE/#$UNHC[#U;Q7P_=
A^S*YBMR)ZX1T
M[D4)61%O;.:^_'



O8F/P6PD,&(C)4M_
MB) ?0K:^PD93&/OUJ-=P+'1?!@UA)CL^$6)[%
GA55Z=8C/C$!R*ZC##K]2
M7JUB]X:=7.I7JA^0EGTJ74#9YI=.IXA@H+T!A(ZD2&:,,:3^+@F
80Q$*W

@#!@DH72[&=2F]=27F1Z%#N95-F6BCL?8)BS-LM5&



MCI;Z

N#U59Q#.N+*.5+8)=3DE#S68AZH):%C7




TO8TH7X0HHXU8\9LXXS2H2M_.)&WD2&(DHQ+M96)CY'/G0=^.

/IB,8[:+X$U/&

==%146

M.(%?P\W/A*?DROH:8@JU3.9Z3#5QG!%&;&*:;Y#RNMWHV&UM[[WNC!J#;CO%
M

$NZE. /%-'
M.?&
?;+

.I-(B

MF?R?&




'DN+D5@
MY20R_Y17


]0O4($)\JSE2\J+BN0OS@%8^R(LK\1% W
M:@(B2_C0/
!5


=X):$@S]A#V^H





3K0:
MP^ZP?E?FI?ZZ


M^=\#;Z(0#RE;_???3W)5D'_/5$'R-KA0R5@44Y-DP(D?4#4-X8EW9+5%6EQ2

M+N&L\

  8 G_Q?7O5?

MGUJJ&

.H'
3*X9 C]B5&#L)



]!
J9Z)
$D% 4XX7BQ#++F]@NQ_/
ML=CDWQDON/%*JK7(: 29R4LMJV4P4V^]L=FY+PYB!R/BKSLV'BHVYYST!MW&
ML&=OXBS/UH#GR\94VN/229#&




?KY]$!C;9
3J:RW%5#]I(9[9C
MYZQQZ%X)3B=6&2.4P1EA 3_G
Y8EBFM-7)+3+5
[T_?EWT*]&#
LP2H.JN;/

CIV?
DPE$V/$UT=L''B


^EW
M7F:H9UU'
V& =UQ5KO%B RSQ/8WKR;?)VP2H&^$S%#$5P'OB;*JLQ6FZ







MK!




M

METGV:7;IJ]'CHJN*H+12[\#M3!!64*9;4C0CZ.HK#18CPRD8%TU[Z8!A@$A9

;/D6:+GP)L

MES;R:I!^EFF.PRH+#DZSE=74 L


[C4B*@L7E6I?

Q!7:UX+$EM(_-NTX.12C:S)STUHA(K; J;$?8G.VWOW?H9TZQT


:JVVH^V\ZHR.L-Z]_RT$#





MF=L:@A\BM


M%R=N-$OO'_+'W0'V]L4?\];!AY (HV$@JV)$NHOOEM'1'4HZ

[
MERAIV.7-01??4NH2U;^T

'D2_H*] NN2XG7AQYC1



#;[_['Y_[\-6

XJTZR_F#CZ0OS@HEBE8Y&
MY!@CUKV9=]BVOM
5-N5-V;
IDA7P[E9:

:62M(MT+


+7(FB4.[*/1A
MM)*257MWM*+_

^]L

ME\

MJ?:$3
#U


M
_?EGZM(WR


;;V6

M?(R]V'\+8]0W#WT#Q!^/8K_


G0 F=#9D&I0<-KF(-^*9=JL3PA [)D/M


MQACUP0C


M[W#0^\@Z1QO%X7.MY







M*4(GDLR
U-HC][;C6[;-O0X*WJRTAQ0%^W&YW1H#'H#$SRBL0W



-@C[9AM]/HM+CCFASJ


7-)<'Q']3'N]9=CU$%=<E.

G#2Y)-:

?4TH!&DO]MK

_MM
1XW$DV:C9H\:#EUW!+62N3C)%3PD=




/);DI+3NQQ':69XW

]0/WAAMMJE.T^\V/$%AGNU=8''C 'W)CDMKYX9;K-Q@^EV8(Z;

WG5O4^.ZY-9D18ZGFU?S22/(5IS

'







1W%=?D3CKPX0UL!LSI4.U-%-XV?K0P4=\)

X#A)3YZ;CG.3

MZR.*Y&&@#SHW6


MCC\1
]_(



M['4 \.

M
NVVX/X;')[;[Z?)L9PXQ.XW H5SB'!H$L^OBC&_ FOP NN\_8NZ3DH^%\LD


MG#(R3$=0S

]*:&N1IQQ?EW% 8W$UQ9


97LG@]0[3


WG8SS VH!9Q$V%AS'\

ZHV
M2\]8Q\R5EIR96BO(FU'L?L8I
8)5E)),]3!*%NJ\53/BUU(!*-EZK2KQ1RJ:^D01:V(PSN3'T[


M2=[
AC<,E\ PX-N5G1P94TO#O//\G9EZ@1W_:DJ%+ <[&;Q
M^/=4HH/!YV7U(:;H&NY5)LL,2B_-.[(,K7RO,'H^=F,=0P.J^.E6F1/_S-3^
M7!PAD/<44/XA8Q+[5D=+CI-LRIIJJ-/DEV,\I8BYJ15S&\;,T4,CJN4#79
MBM2+RCEE(#$*\OO9!M!YIZ2J(DJE$&$S5P?O8;U@:);XF3Q#S9(X477.!_


JN.








ML]P

X\NQ2:QMKFH3LK5$Z)J+2U#%ME4\%&C%(#\
Y;&A[GG.O
MW2 N)?
\1DEIIP32'%



CM?*M


MH$Y;QEBP3&NA\7P.9)LRH'6O8LUJIP*K'L5KRGE:5)22H.E?ZFY]6*L.7/
M6:$Q%35R58%NZ3Q7%5UINWB#+K43AK8:W'

M9O2_CF1 $^0)TK?ZP:C:)JIKNROE%MA!DF-SEVE]=$J$T'YY\R.(*H4L%'



M%

M^244Q$_?2Z9[N.-$ME\$)5&CY9%LKJ7NIO86O*XCDV4Y/0:Q

M!?V

M!D-W[/.SP0X_7Y]]#CMG6_W\'MCI4N*3+J4T2?T13KHJ8I=+IEU--R_Y@'&R
F AW@5R@X9/,5],E)7/I3V@Q7F7362:-PZ!Q&#0.@\9AT#@
&H=!
MXS!H' ;UVV?C
'B6AG#C



MI



M;SJ5ADG8QL/)8=0D.$TN5/8=86



R[YVH6D+)BK=Y8NNZWJKNY&WH3#SQ




MNSN^=81GO7=Q9ODAH;?;.C\H8OX?!\V)WX
#0W)G)20_5:)=O3QR)=#DFPVE

M[!@M@P:^EY!.A/;DIT JGHFFX7W#MU]'H!Y.QHV-LB

M.5$Z;Y?;]NL!9

A0G/7/@Q5


M4F9X.+:=X@ZTZCEU'

M$8G3G( HMOB'EZF5IC-9G(W:0P


MY3/^A



IIX)
MK
(P/)#

M/\#O4&MW!HB 
^XTBNP4GO





&CJ@*

1Y:9#O4BDW L4









EBD
]K




MX3]XZ%4G




M2N3.7

?)<;0X)3<(PP

 G



E9JD+'2=/1L

ML



PG^T#R5(O7Q
M@MBD+ID#HB*SBZ'L!#DQ/V2)GW/A1T0[





M#@&$X


[UG:;4O/2&+WQSD2S@FYZ:<5=<1YC7934
;V\9S





M +R



A

M/ZW__JH1V^.[VP



E7KH&WBQG YHLW6A;4U



:LLM^5[O&=IMRT)]X0L?G.0#[&[7-
7

M^VKZ8M9!_C1]

M1X:L?;/=II?G03#@NK:A:7IY/DN5LNGEN2?4-[T\#]8F;@R7(]IL75A;8ZTT

MQ5:CCO^ 3C7A1[*OY





M%FPBO!'6Q V!!WH/#3QV=O  RD;Z;L^?&.)OQ(W?LB)0!Y

MLP:


@(HN$8E_:*KW*-CNS[KU\@JI#?EL4UY[-XKNPB\

MIRUH$_50

-V&Z3X)TTVK;/_VZR-EE:KZ4A5S?AO?

Z3V5-F&!H]*DKT.NGEJO/K/)=ZU.R\\F;;+)=SW0@VOR79M\


M\1V/F=/DNS;YKDWJ56T8]K&F7C7YKDV^:Y/ONF\NTC#=HV*Z9K[KQHFL^8S8

M


Y#H\T=87(9FU:S&NK/*2OL8M\8



=:R.Y
'[Z92G
ME.OGOP*/^2H LK'KN7P?X@]B L3L?8N=.(F#\'S\.IH_@+B<.%:MKH=PQ+9



M




M[?.


QU
M/.M+
O+ ;+D&&P_9+4'D[AFV'*KV! Z8QE$!&7%@17?@LT;ZL
:XH&77_L

Y%'

 &N.)0
U7
2#MUCKI
S&T(%,5Q^-8M92K(0*Y_TT0[0<)T;FY

M]DN4!T@\)])H9%T4D:6XN=8P(?C6R?.'8G&_HE[2E]RD1J$#



M9=R9

MD?8!]Y#21934([ B7(!-4
EM'(_5JXD
S.JUI!PD80H_SAV7H#6WRTLB]-22

4W8

M5^YO7: 26HMPS2Q;*SU1$MZY=R3:T+1\8'%0^!UZ'92D.T .?32U02/C?(QC
M82UJ)E+U

M3 51@EEC_&4DMM

!D



Z!VUC

M=

UQJ


M ]IWH*VR 7$+MC$'B&_1%W'KPJH5;$
P
V3ZR^PE?L%$L9%!4X1K7LXI
@


M-6Z*.'L03EA.#I9#

MV$XU1'E9%J
F9&14V2,SK6B( @
M//\&$RCIYVCNC-7/$KY[=Q+?(H#M7]Y8JP+[*@[F!+#^A9KC!;_39D#Y
#EX
WAM?7N8C0+/Q.2YG/6%CRW]


 ?*3;)A\62CRRR*2!










M(3$2-XS0

M H_393)QVJ69\]7\T



M[JCRM3+* (0G7BP5$S@YZJP 
@4^$V

MI0

\MO'@ONZV+H;Z/IQ:2
M+'O)WWK.^


?#OM<I%%AWEFF,\C;IIEV5







V4^@&T7T(Z!/(.



;_O]T&4G(^WQV

WLX
M6'(X5:%9:V?UQ


1ZXZG.S[5;FL :)\$8*F*];G5BDL;C'TXL
^'O;K3_IZQ=#:TV_W^


/(KH
*K^IRA^VV:]10??M9T8Q&S:=1I;]
DMM:U\+9D
M%]?8A

AS_7T:
0ZHV:O;@P:U&]=]FZZ/C0^F^#&K6&%LW@R
MXZW999UV61<GRQ<1@B:/WO)2WE1&#RL_7&T6YTC(+I^Z_P(=MEK7=3R:JTG


MM3=@E



.3)WC
\ VIN50(_#2AV?; 9L


_89UGSU9V
M

[?6+\Y  B0?HN[=QO/78[_2N#FD
UW%83SEO7!+-^VLJ7;NLZ6
MGG !S'&L;AQ(O%L-#A+S6.8GJ.9M\U!$0)W'.+SO.@F-+AH+C&QJS!$N0GL*

:2U-










MFZ6IUT4Y*Q7^2*V@CG\DKJTDBI+W5Y!W0X/OYW:T.ZWNXZG74/.TBLG-G#
M#F#EO$*#J8/

E0U07BF$LQ%55/K2;^WAD9=


U$\BBEZO5J]U!%+Q9 .?8:-IE.#T
GJ(U6T<@OL[^96#UM;-M<;=M@;M*Q+:QZ$I##(DHQEVR,P1@)P
M&R$0XN?<#:D0!]9J'UE!R^6W*^M[,'?'UK#?YC&3$Z'*JU(]C#1NAB6)F'!

X]]P=2%Q9K67X0





B3D*?



63Q)
M.BK7OXP3_-NO2?3JQG'FKYG OCL_W[G1&'A_$HKO@)*W7C#^\8__]?^ACOPW

 P&/^R(#
\EZ 

M


$QV-8A7_$J=H#CSYH*:B4

Z(LW?!
1I'##I%Q7# \YF^JU@(*
]=2 Q91-R17$


M^)0LF5PC@
FA1B$Y
B6]+@'=@P7L%RU1-XU @))@-MS:!+![\=NG!%R&LC




:-L7GS@-])$L'QN!$0HF%H3


M*QK0$)



MFYA0P0-+;@79G_

M4'/
4YMX+'4I\]A%&2X2(G+=*$'3!25*X1-:P!-F)]8U; I;\_2Y:Q9;'KE3


=N)+17M0 9
:5HFK!/7T3C
+C/[#^+

;BR3




M[@O4%ZUCL(:C;BZ9R5@%_K^5O/GY;V!OU.P)+I, R6XKRH?97I(E&-O()%

MU

MMU


HBQ4J2HDU
 F!^A];*?H 
/
MW5E@_8L$

M\4E]@FM(X.7H
$]S7\4$;.




PB3-#/MOK!.]._SQ-*-TLLW'^_+QV*2;V36QCE$V

M%+)P?K3Q44BN4&J7/J:\
% K)J\X/RX&N/ C/AZS7)%LJL 'BT+0FK-@!&9.

MX)M@D4RRKNY9

.H!ZH R9M!(=]/.


DA&
IX_3I]FYLQN





M5U9EK%$P$2
CYK/(9R2_X310CYWP'!YV0[@]F$\RYEPVR7V4'JT5H
(8%16@
M4NV9




M
MG%#)HBOMVR%IR+*?D6O6KEH@Q#FJG_)BJ2)]Q)[
[I
(H!@OP_0-O@5(










M#3O%(=G^N:8\JEMW#BQZ#-_%/

!MOP D!7IHUU#X



M_S1

M$) ^4.52=@&I)EJ7P;( MQ3LL%O.)D],_I*Z@,GVW.YPOPGH?X$2CR4+\3



;


_7$UC/'

M77ZS/(/9\#;X9C'MWW6\=_&AE?AHHJ%[I^.UUVYVNTTRO
5_$\
7GF)[KQ



8USQ::=7FLPAU]*AJ!W
M!'O1];


MBP(7XR8




MI[7G0' 8%WU[4(5




M-54T=^S8[UAC$32J57T8.#W[&4?J+;I4K!.#:R]A-#4Y&?:4]'J]YT^$!^_R


M !$   !A;F9C+3(P
3@Q
C
Q+GAS9.U=7W/B.!)_OJNZ[Z!+U=7.U2T0R&1F





C02]Z48%XL3GC2 S06IEDKX)

.

J)RFPLE[3O;KI1B:F-C0=NF7/+!N&R*(A.SF


MS ']T?^\Y





O1SR(!GR.J?5?7SBPLN[ N^%D
.MXCD6)
M$V*RB4B/R%MA?H'?8S





M46?4[G[GH/YP\#U*U.7#IG!DI6L#\D*CQ?:,7'=8 NJ3R&1A$M4.E4/2L-




MUP\Y(







MLKJ)2@]BH:#TA?-/GABTLW)TV-0)&R]FA^36^'2-9CC!:X!(
G2LS.*@QR

V3+L6UB.H;.QL?1VB@GC3

M79_0EM*#JH;T:X[




N(QJ=\_P[SH=)@WOW=/?,&N
M3I))EFV+FUA7)R[WQ+PJGO2ZA/G68N;$7Q9,+WC3Y 0%RT1 $=S\Z+MD(:B@
M(=[4@=G8$Y0?./.6DM DHTCIEM)L0+$\H6[@OC#R(.!R\M5SS/$TBHI&X4
M,YC]79DU#5[U ?')U'*3LB\8!2.:K_8A?;@GU'<<CYCRME'8ANR\LA4^Y,P@
MQ'1N.%LH/2,O<PNA_Z_ZSY1W'X;
?MTPCW'U;8L37FXS0Q?,%Z9M.H2
+D9:]C&R7UP2G<+DF]^Q)@
Z9BN5MG=P7+CNVA][4





&+CA

'\@KF](



G#



(IV:&-'1G@AVI=;YN$Y

$%     @ CH1V3KK3
M.: F%   #?T  !4   !A;F9C+3(P
3@Q
C

:?T/GQZ+V%!@
%




IRZQ(&^Z%Q8KK#SXA%C
4<^A9[

7&'0H])P]6![Y=X@L
MS 
W

H<+8+VVVM@2AX\LH)Q!!.8;=
 9C#OX1;L


R*E
.R
M
 Z1080ES#LJZW55^DZC[27'OP=@H
LGE=FTJOW!%P#=+@1Z7!H7!O+=VN
ME
GRZB\5)-92M13-*@F635%SX&5JN'J* \79*E)W(A)]Z&$FIEC7L(*]2D


!.;])C5K#QZ%*D


M7O/1C=V8
H?N%YG)J(J^QN&JXII32MNWJ&





85Q'1+\4+ .

Z))
.Z
M%HC+ NPTZ6$2$MWS;Q.4Y&J;E0J7ZP*5!F)[HFY*5#5:AL'5&KEVV14U9#I
M7O


V@'9Q#+&P7K+Z IS'F8GXD;6;:_P.R)V)C7 JM*


Z2P9HL:EN'U@I?0ZDMSKTTH5FN?HRV=Z@A$BW
M(U1%3$%SX]#:ZA;M/U]+ZV9+&VO-3#QA+Y-_UT+8X9]T=%I$%6*S
+ =7U


M2Z)!*9$:?A^

MW^W)7N 593CU;
#NN(5PA\Y^+!YVU(
M')_5+'TJH D/4^:FM^0P&@(DFW
=1S__TI4]@;N+=:NZ
IE]K@OMR^
[9*;




M1+F3)%
?Z/1+F6CF(LX-1K^YG8S


3RFPSE$E)%9 U.22G;

MM!O 17)%D U.8C6RDW$H5Z@?Y7GVVXLLY:'W


MYDTL*:%GG ?B\

)6:QVA@XP=7;RV(9J=XJ1CS%ZD
MC0W:P5EE%*.17#Q2YM]CME:'

?*4(H(3$T%(H

VLCGIOLSA6RUO(<I

M

M-#I&


M2I0_&[(?4;-E6.5SP? L+^F'8Q03HN*1W3T-I]32OUS*\[R4O\ @B:A03-:O

QVC%$Q
N
YY@IBKG^%5U?3_KO

@^[A=
M1OZB.P=_+CBAD)688[;

_







M@OLL5Z282\\D_A-^VRLIAH=6J@:28AJ]3)
#8E):EZ*F2S%&D-2IZ(D&MSLU


MTE/RJ]H;
)ML1=H^-2D.P9Y -/&ZH@QB28=/ 1#N$[N!?BK
=#L-.8@5DTX+

ML@D/W3LZ^_6$MW=69$&%W5M0Q%2(^=P;/X'3%E5X


M


M    86YF8RTR
#$X
3(S







M.-B%U GV NPZ-E%;^\1TJ9QO'A * Q&=PHY=$'EE^D14#RAT+-.M33%SE);(
MIW

H]$CV(


M/SJ^S.;GCD=



MQZO*A$Q?Y7Z^A+!VW'U;@ZOV^E4%L-&/M.@5K#R[)/NW9S-*:AV_5TM68[I\
H3F#YGI
MK(K_F9BKDF=.;M^V21U;1# 2SG^ISJT1*W_FXW=KX4?2N0I^?=L'48QBF3O


 F@M+)K^E









M]%BM+1(^(%^PN'/




18;(#1JO2C;RK6QVCBV#J=37R$3L03I]BG0MDNEJH$CH)QH[[


M8

S

M;IJFQ
H1#\*G=BLKT@JF9Z8K/;MYQWFRE02.91C0U/O;!#I:)L\VC6 [F;1-
M96PD%:PBLP+






'+EFE;$3?$IM*TZ9)*]]86D*A
0*G7OP.NB$BE+75BSCW'
M9,,#!$G=:V@(D@?36ZI1U^@\H


MRQV1/3?KT2I=Z9.A;






U903Q:
MRWOREBW4&?Y\-RSX['B!F_*!5
HM:_R8#&]DX_]]2%P=$E=?;.)J%A$05^V+

M5G)+OL4_#3

M$?ECU\513$!\+2(Z/8%=5)VF9 ]/?

M :FZUAFV$+*CVNN46-.ST





WO/JJQ#*0G


MSM69BFR3#&ZMI'^%[AV;/2+9XSH\=&






AM2JM6&FG[UR+!/M$*4MSA'
M@JP(=F.M$U(Y)(
SHN%7LF;A _*C:U)^RL]6LSL6U+J(E4DLJ+

M.*XVT-U(T4FC0HQD#8::OI 4SH:'29ZN)?95F/QVCNREO.HB RZ#FEWD'2
 6;QP;5Z9#]6Q



'DP73\I2D





MGQ][]N:PQ2]0!S77NF0EEVAPN=$G*^34H;:J$Q+C=39/;?BIEU6B=U! V*OZ
M4EO5455=V]?**JG%G

=11+N$BT%!

MW]O.5N$P+#B-?ZS!9/[8W2Y?V?NYLTW$PL:!PD\G^E3B;+1OT &-:$3Z+&(V
MII$;-)=BI













M:+U-:

(H1Z8A/U1QMUMHAZK;'=1I30[\*OGT0A&;DF6IE&


4H+VJY-EQ9/.Q*H6K?$]$



-C@U;N)CI-;S!Y


M*1GT7Y'

FBZ%]1- GDB1CTOWMQ



H9





[FS*]4VRM1,^BZ0KF#FMY37WU%)\*6?*(_GA(3[]QT_-]-=]U&AES3
M)+[J^:,E&.DJGN3T(&YM%O*=--;]I XK<944IX^75?3*[)8(S%:2M0-DS'H
MM@J!@TJM

M?[K%8.5(%05Q
C1<^
MBE@#X]1I<ZUHG!U6
NQ%

MR6&!['9AA\K'^O3K4CU0 I#B:?X+V8]_LJT^X6^4M.;'5[W^R'JK7'.J1C
MQPHOE4]\TXK#O




5)%NO[P+$=TW^^
5V4W(#P[[@Y733=
MSL2$Z^FAS)%)+Z5F\PHA.S)]U=QIBV' E3G1]Z[70UW(9; [G3[?K*=Q[)


O-CXRU67KFH.'9?[?&39*$CEVITV+@A


6D0W)ON(XOEQ!B#D2V0!WYIWU[

R58:[

M(_)7&\*3#E1Y''T1K


_K7
M'UY(!DF\DL$ /-0S9M.EE-S!!\ #AP-P./[U?WQ[3M +SHLX2__ZW;LW;[]#
M. VS*$X?__K=Y_O3V?WY?/X=*LH@C8(D2_%?OTNS[_['?_\__P]$_N]?_]/I

\G]!OP7)AOXFNXH3G*/S['F=

MR[\4;\+


M9V%0
H(9/X.4$O1?I[78*?W5Z;OWI[1[BNB[NO%9^99@N_PK%J?BBW:T+:





MG\*

]_)LNF#-Y(Y#
*L!VQ'!?
_QC41VW$
MZK:J

M62$1 \






MU)GA




M;]$9IN+ C&)='2V_^D(N^20'V.9/5P(
7Z2P9/RXWB9X:G(H/*
:DR8P7Q!Q

M?F_LZO^9870=/)4Q



MYIR%&ACNV6
5.+@31XT\J(V@IFXMJ

.V2H^GQ@
O R+[!D8!89


MP
VQH5+2.R.LX

D*'0Y%K0:3HV
&7K'
MW*C%O=/
'J-@@EH:WZ
JUP=3.FQD/\UA=DNJ_A046#


&M1ON
M;S17\0H4=1/8K;DTI)%V=WW('EWD4@IH

H[





?+K'D1<D;.G];::);
UE:O0-=/1EVMB7+IK]M\ 4N
4@\6-WPGP;Q-$\/0_6<1DD6JX8=)RZ_C;P
M.\Z[3@$
GVQ0:F(%J-+IG![Q

M@F&3%IZ8-I8+HUH:_81F8;AYWO!TLA=X%8=Q8-3-Z07L[0D+4*?IS3=X6P



#ITXIU/(HNH
*+2#H)BSX

=\AB8_]=F
M\JL_.8P[_!A3Z&E)'R7O55LMYH)3)I40BH9[XPQ !-F$LZ)G2Q[(]XC+\X)
M6_

Q TY,@4Y*F'$I!$1]T*/VI31):6D
M7MT_NR*##%3-@?;?0'2]!)!ROJ R7KOY%N=Q1N:[Z(H=?W=DW/=\5*8?09T
MA$!1089
R0DN3-R(%%Q+_28$201RQ.3!(^2BO7^[HH.4E@U#3I_!-'],D1
M@$
M@ZB0E\X^W^0Y!1D789#\+QSD:G.@%G5% 1/8F@TJ.1#$
( 3MOZX..+R
E%OB2%V^=(1 403&2Z%?6&BJ);UR(C+
M9YP_$HY^S+.OY1
]6@I2-3


9IL2F+

M&;6TO1X)\EUF;OVNR.]DGJQ&UO71H!)N_WA0$ 1!)1



XO559P&:1B3(9!Q_TL1
M&#E

M0D[31$@!=O)=3 D$@*2PB
N+^_?+B'1(7JU



MJY[$1UL_FY=U%GIN)R_+:G0G
H



M0]FK'[8[?P3[\8-WX-L*W[



H?7X

[:ZB2
_!EN5K!-]VZP$U4X]*@:=:!:$LQONL
MEU[J7,766KZ)ILA6;*DFG+F?

]5OT^

3E^0=5Y


D+BH3&*
(+ARMS]F
M&D.^;-&P\(NK70*22+CFF@=HFE$0
#'O4V

M*^YQN
))

0C0:72NTC-'NN4&Z.#A+@O +NHNC1XQ^S1*6

?41
NLTQ& Q0;O
IZJB1

M8$JB1X^ 4KJ1.'H(0S/EXRSPL1E.351#W+9Y

4+\YLDC/1\G$7W
M997NIG?-DG8&7Z

;X


9S=G7

TX5!.



MD=5?H'Y T11&'QWG'T&T&]M_B?EWT)I]J/$=0#NU?(8ZS](74EFRO%RL^
]E
MW+FW.F:M8%$H '=X8 -8+^J
/1S\D!M5BR(@PNEQP@E3<'I;H.DF.:Z_ /7CG@S[.

? #H9;)Z%(88T*)ZNDNRKZ2$.O8J7
MUWLTX*7O^$CDP9A4Y#JMWW(O$:5$--?]1Z0-[Y(?

MUI'U#;=96
8O;/XV4'!
08Z#3D=6M#?I#RP%#(E'0Q?V F;WOZ*KZ\7O]^CJ
M;O$)+6XO[V8/\YN/:';^
U^BH4G9


M])UG*S OCJ]? 5F16@T'@):?/Z%2\+
MF;%'Q@+(Z0KVSU4 
5&!5:[]=(3O(;$!.*0W2VQBP*7I@V= ?I^[:ZA6GK;
MJU&1.=!B$7CR_70#W%5TH_4/R .0TX/3 )6!IA'2?IUG7$'IIBE$8NGO\
A
MCE_HX+/W%+1E^&6N1?7T[-44 -^#
(
75IZ5!MWKJT2A


MUUP

/7R#9E0=J-D2$
(JMX)J*B
D8
D=#-T5ZSV]^N[P?$.GMCMQD/F%A

6C;1VJ(XEYEG(;Q.DA0Q 4QU(@0
FA
MC/V#L)%S 9


M501:;M$/U1[!C]5

GL4/
K1





;1+='/66VD==E1L9I


M5
$L\(;A%=*!?[Z]O;[\='GS

M($BYO38CA=B](-
1 4
=.2YE-CQZJQ\*+9H\6B9FB(+N

MT_-@'1.'@:8=7R4X+.^:3&VD'?A=





MZ;/))9GH+[+-LIPMLTWY
6...Z%$GAJI.J  MR=D0RO6/22SU89#VZ&0A0?4
M

M5@





MG5 ?I.[S\-K5;GHI.M
AC6#D6L)NZ^



ME2R\K3H;ZPV8;*S4ZRNW!OO3%W))%SG -DNZ$F#((875YP07 F=6V.
73UD2



M9X1JG(F$T@V[-??/#0K..&$%O*&%5AH&


G WM

MJ.



MA/0]#*:
J;L7;*G!)FSD);$D(!?S<U25
MA'A1,(PWS1Y@YSM()5WG;+#PR1BWMEEQB;-^3$OBDU VH7?YH1!&&*(
6F]
MIPO\@I.


3!.()FC.+.S0M.
M-QAU-&%0JX)VA\/L
8WM(W L]-RN42RKT5V/&)3 4
X6J8IX+448M&-O0]WA
M


LZ*HQ@K_M7YA




MM1.=.+P8

M\-*=;HD\&.99@!3(&M)EE7GMKY0H-A-_AKZXY.GJ7DQQW-DWM9O/AQ;AD
MXMA*MMDYM PPC!T)7'+7@*Z1=D6A;EDPZ'P?/N%HD^#%JO70WIS.;/HA1[.
M%P_9;+6*DY@&)$NE'X)E8LY6/_UWG+H0AVJFCH


M^^'H)?



M.



M

M$2V.'C+^ ]::_P.4[RSF^A#-TH1C3UFX]R%QJ!H)




RO]QGNL.
)\



MQHCT#=[ZF9]%SM_^&3 TAI;G:42








9Q



]9_H48^2K;D2QZH_A++Y#JT)
MLNC^V7LWJC$)NV1<(5<RI/U/%C\)+CEZ@#


MQ0083M(N[4US:+Y8&4Z-#3I^DB-IX

-=
M8U$LZMI#3'L;22'H;%FG!=JLZZ12WNV9$9I^CV;CA02W21#B?E2'L4(]+;_T

^511%[EC)(


7(6&X=^]IVN\6.0W..R3/CSE!:;':**KQTF

MZ9?7.@67EL0



7T8I+C#(8Y?Z


B=6M=M!E_:(1
M=WSQT^( W 9LOVNH#J+)E:I;26=)$'Y!=W%$?*5?LX1E6:K\HA-T?:V=? YY
MKA.&F^=-0FG4OCM

BQ8\4


MSG_9



MDM%L=8HJ#]!WG1-G4+7ZB7.LE*'Q;RAP:7I:@O 2E%W7%5R-W;VDC0'Y1;

:*\PMP#96QV3DB?Z
M6-H?O09$4@VU1.!8=H%SX@G2]+K,M#;U^9AG15&C53VM;*OL]B1T2(6Z!Z(V
MFF!8. BNG(VSW2/T5&)$Q


(J:BB5=/N*JA)J]W54
M00P


<$:<@

UD'H=[? 3XX-N_9OT15XFCECR@

D 623<)T+[G2]G;?YCW0=UNC:SY

'F5\F7CLF8

T


M6J_](



M*J


WWZ<V
M )8?!;7XFZ0!)YDFK+YX=!N^4]16.83Q41WRJ)I:(%%^83SAZ<@[6Z*X^A0








M;8LU(V.QHE^\)95_(J.';P;(-AH

ML-]0RJPK/91YH\TMSID9'ES+G2(

R.
MYYL\)Y/^/ VS9_P0?*

YSB55RJSC@
2D[#GJTJT#EJTFIX)^$@F'T
M5DJH#+Y!V8Z\PM


8O
@KT ;&2.::.B &?)HQI'P^LE


MCB

GC
L;%QYR(V+;:B(*]LGMT0VA9/[A4

Q_C\K @BD_ 
RW&M@P STJR]+A




OE!T-N[I'0$HIX#Y%%PIZMIX[Q$TY*#+$YAZ@4]FU+)XT?T$OC1!$




+LP


M





Y-EM[AAY,;FF5L8HUCE8E-&#


MQQA0&OI%]OZDEUZ9\NE94/UC U4_UZR

MSMYU9=T'OF\)[) VR2.I



M_AVTJ.TZ)5+U.?1Q9]OIKZNO^ME:RT*




M@5)3% J+31/6J$^DNFCE[KLZD?NE$6[XE$OT3UB7HE=(*NK\]]AIM=?B
K

M]$!

,F<]T^_FWS !ROE<QC&F$BN\S_X(7,
MW5:K.J+Y:2E-V66;ZD;Q9VK1=I*WRU9N XN 1:!QL)7^Y8A+XF]ALV* N5@


MW];4KH- ]\J KNBT/IB&-[0XS*:V:6
@;AD+H*B2;O'

M$\).6Z+?(RZ
9F69Q\L-OZU=9N@V@$%]XF'8]8Y)!^8@T4/5C9S:'2JWGCKI



M@



M'RH=N/9FG)DXJM&]]Z!D^W[TO)%T[0FLE3D!MFN -K*'K&L9:L
@G?^'%@*H
AE<R1S,M]$.M
M_R.]D-0<T;6]83 ]65^GHJGV:.S;[L:698]J@#=LS:X+7NXN9)&MVY98:A5


=T


K.,R2*J-V8Y]CQ51P,+ )2]XY$+FX8\'*^1U5)
M]8;V6*%G:#[*BTN+Q!Y.L/W_+@.D!B/O;!+GOP87!BH%4_CF5SP]X V^8#E





XK18I ]Y

[QU7!_K&67:&(E4H?A*O*1;N0='OM/!=^FXUW7\



M )1A!  5    86YF8RTR
#$X
3(S

M%S
;



5?DT
O@G5W




%B?R *LCR




ZJ+LQ

MWW.#QB
6]M+3\-F$)0S?9#J?KI@YH[@:5O=0]_#GL[OTLC[^A@%,VIIS__,
MJ(8V&KVJHSW(_M1-'B^Z+FQZ&L==#CH:;QP0_^?'%EJ!ZZIC8_)='Z2)7Y(

24R25
==JTZ[



M&X


MG;GBUEV:$F


MC4A*L+^@U!E)73](KIEL4O])ZT(W[&[O1KX8R
&$_G;F!QD;S-VC&W=E^/7]

 ._U(CU%!X]D%I._/9P1J

M:LI%RVY[WA64*K+J*!0+Z6\_+($!
NEC?YL?H


_YU&0];.A+B3P7_YYF

MJ?91#+]D((B\K3$'+&DWBG5BFUQ?G/ZA&NOD@3IHKK=VB /W@02\^S\8+8ST
M39/!
ODF5



PNDR0CL6H5EI( H?F 1J0%SB\UL49%2$


M'3Y(E*P


KB;7I^?.W:_GY_=WC4Y3B\%RK.9N\L !

#)+=VK L(FK$B80B\M7R2WQ!WP0TN
M25IPJYA92BIK1\$-((/PCP.I[3LS6H@DS:T=%S? 1LDQ#E#.=M
*(;-'263M




(:^J.?+WJ\DF%V&]W&6
M:/VQK:;VSO_;SGP9VTB



M[64H=(.76@YHL(HS:O1KJJ6$2T9B+VNA
\34TD %6N5J-!0T$8F]S(9.09-+

E3$Z)04)@T

]FO4&![BWLTP+H-O+#H0%-0CX=!'F.



$E@@-!^4-O$'\!CE!O81=CA'1/VPUW\Z;;SC8__(/C




%[L!VD%D/2-2

4QP7KD/
M44R'7+Q@7XQ5D0PA:6\[O&P*EIIO'-CPH
&)FY 9*[I/Q[?U?*A@GR%I;SMT

Y((#RVGZ2&*-]5;X


V5LB:EL+'U^F.-L:RS/'@TV1I_
M'871-HO@G3R4WGK-
W@





MUM:LL!F('





M;

3 :6C0.&

M=P)(IV\[RO!X=

%N0RGSR%UYA[]U71^ESTD_LQWXY=;DF0!.]]E65N;7U^R
MM9*NO=E#X'O3.?7RQ#L6SF1W_=NN=@)$M6N!#C^Y2;EZGT;A$Q44Q7 ZSW].

Z.40@&5W76

C:4&([ELU_/I2^@6DB]SYL;
MU$U]B!)B?RW=.F-@AP*AYP=DB]G[J+.9WL_7T)PAPHU!GV+'82ZL%83MS6?K



_\.D0

M3P!2Z\^G-(0&ZDOLR.@UQ$H%K
8996
C+4.-J%%;?TBE/Z602.H5ZP4/SS0S


M@3.?BR;-8IY9E
?%+\/U!4PFJG &B1ZTZ]7Z\R_=J4X'TD5G$Z($OK=AM9?
M9.G#$%1E\+J,@ _C*HE(.O.J!/K[[3T
L6!LL
QH^$2Z

M*%M\2G+W&

MA)G#IY7+\(

MB.5Z8=8+5#/Z+U@

M^OM0!H




<]7=L)G]1#<B\-M +M)13:Y

\H-I !?H%EO
MEKT8ZQK7'-18C%#MR1-
U/GO)3)/$4/]Z=XA_H_GI-Z12D%OU]5@4P'P6[
MK)?7@(


_K[V T3


M

U4







MS[.T^

8W[5@1W8170#5U[CIRP]

]KG^9/T9/JXEC1R_)9=
M_B])G8+6[EW;*AN0NG\RLM7AJN# MX0EI!8GE,Z3 1W?)6\XYDRD(:RF(:




M ^RFP


M?


M\X^ Y%#D\81VC.0R?#607NX%3WMX#U!EP!
2
I7.\/6!U_$-T[QN_JV??#VE

3@ ++ P=\
?,K\.!K:J6$ HB@I 2E5
P&TN
M+U:O-^8W?WDPC*WK_A-A_IS6R#;J# HPGB!4YGA 'V]5__GJ!(73]
R[PO
M!;IJ*G!& AH8(5+ @=
M9Y3D:+9[\
SY:][WF*'9S0KK/9)9%I#IO%*9\9(M%)/9DTLU
[F/)O.Y'_@L
M44/8FN

M2N!8#

M-/[^RJ*W203 








&5/ XO7

E^5YJ':
MP)KEK0FC/N_KC.!8VRI&ZYY^2^V/QL/P0ZHQE]9)W#@H'.YT7K8EV2 ]&1

M N7X06BM[W^AX

5C$JQ]+2G

MG]G8=-A7V]CV;[O0;L&;LWM)0OSLQE\)WT7=L2HZ1:$=1:*1BL!VH+E+('2\
M8MI:;@64UR
]_^8%&=V5L#.Y_'G-XD++[K

M(DFS+_UBV;ZZ'T])0ZD]S#0&I3E4P_F:3U
)G2W
N;6W]1&JB458.N8QZ'
M.=]U]M)3.M@7JF^\-)[:)U+1#26A\8_#JSR*]Z_DF!V&=['6:(*4M6;VC[
M 4


/&)'9Q54%%'%W2WG:$ )Y4KF2X
M\:J7DAA''?-/$9WI_#'O.(0=


MEP6C)XSDEI%

4WZ'E\):?XE7PV+?

K7'/ZYM8EM9E@E:MJ





MY@9=8
C)&U;JI+F
)3N2

.SXQ._

%6D2/ -=YZ






\PW9
%_.R&[H(/\([$3[Y'J./C14M1GE'^






*2K!WE[.
M9D_;58;F3T9SXM*04K;&FS)F)8!5LXMA!5*,Z/$-ZXS@+X;5J898P4#&
M.PZ4-BJW&6+AHLE!4A(-)D /8!W+[NTF)BNZQ2Q]9^7[!.]V]VP_'3H%O5-V



M);MJ

M5QS^F;53=






MIX E4*I)ZOT1' C%D= [AC;'T.88VD0?VAQKJ8ZU5
=:JOL
Y@VXEFIYB_0^
MFGA_9GY


M)ZS)+6OR:Q3

_X?!O.
5'RJ26OSE7


7P\T[Q7]L58G7&+2@D]4
MAZ^B))F&^:
!%1=1#K*2R+8%!(
(8/TUG$)275T1EN09SM@+[2O&8'F;8B7X
MFWC_^M/N_O7H+;N[FI/SER'7'6PN:VS]G91_M[EK+4=T$[AA6N5:OV$%D-JU


_D

2.AIZF&!B'&L
MBJ9.CIR?BO7 @)MHH$W\FAHQ#MP

MU* +VS-2@F+4E)_7H@6WA$K$]U(R*YBOI!YJ2VF#B&WO3T#(&XAA^)CG$C&:


MIC%4ZTQQ1F=;6H20\%2]V$[T-9!\2V98# ^ME-LYB55:1#A@*X36

M

).&H%%^7\\




5$?@MJ(8&&] O4$E^LJXDW0BPX^
 *WDU4QY3+0NQ'N3_O
N6

.MC)KC6D;-^T.GZ&:31'/@1/Q73I+W9?7JV'JT#- ERT/C KPE_$T)

6O9+X:


$.0CT]Z=1

MP1H+R?2]\@H^-9@

M2RQQB\[&S)(QLV3
+!DS2\;
$IRR'S-+QLR2


ML=IMLN&?5DO1K!7;6HL;3*
;.N]X3B@
MJC^$4TWK#E<##1B(]K^2K;G!^<'1$,X^![$['X\<7O4]P:,A'.O:G2C[NH@H
MFR8(KB)JWHM_#[J$B.*)^/'RX7CY<+Q\B/\W'CYT)[LQ\N'X^7#7O@?+Q^.
MEP][-@BF4QK!Q8!VV2NMMQVBYYFL;#E^+]['+LN?/!?_KFP$Q=N/'VO;CQ\/



MY\6

/;KB=*4QF/18F:3((ZW')04R#
MYO.<T(NM.T\8!L38G<$8\F3'H$=^+9






#PD\%NXL@C9)9<4$D6
M:K\^1YKB9K*^E5 J!) F!\^Q.MSS<GLO[
D98+9Q.[E&&O(;^78)!![.Q


MR&6D9[T*7J!@5LXM3V+7R\^
)N'




]
M6?_UY[Z$?IJHY2UL:OWDI)FP%6SW).G+541W\]

LUBR$]1@$589)?T^
(6@[[6<B95;W)8N_138CF!2S67M[<]N&;J;)5[9U.$C
G2JK
MY)H\\S\U3;^IT*//HC+D!Q.&U:00-CY6B&$:YZMTKJJPO!@9K76'NDEVC%H0
M/3EYW)V\BS:\Q=\7?KCC







MGY01:FU)


]\#Q0A77[_(;MJ
'_2Q=AB)&JCJF%L/
MO06&N@4MG


MC )AGKZ8];;0WJ
8=K,_7=&E&+3<<^,L3
M7.3XJFALG[V# =0SCAV@\V\K/T_V/%-.1W@/MD^\.P!/+!2C773Q%_9_K+(4
M_<W_!U!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (Z$=DY\WYV9+-8  '+G!P 1              
M 0    !A;F9C+3(P
3@Q
C
Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (Z$=DZ?D0D9V0\
M !:C   1                5O6  !A;F9C+3(P,3@Q,C,Q+GAS9%!+ 0(4
M Q0    ( (Z$=DZZTSF@)A0   W]   5                6/F  !A;F9C
M+3(P
3@Q
C
Q7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 


M%0              @ &\^@  86YF8RTR
#$X
3(S

M%     @ CH1V3O*=GOK

M
M
C Q.#$R

M                ?5[ 0!A;F9C+3(P,3@Q,C,Q7W!R92YX;6Q02P4&
/  8 !@* 0  -[P!
end



