

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001019687-15-001165
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		20
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150330
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Black Ridge Oil & Gas
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001490161
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				272345075
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53952
		FILM NUMBER:		15735080
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10275 WAYZATA BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			MINNETONKA
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55305
		BUSINESS PHONE:		952-426-1241
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10275 WAYZATA BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			MINNETONKA
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55305
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ante5
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100422









     





 D.C. 20549




[X] ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR
15(D) OF



ended: December 31
 2014






as in its charter)



    
    
    

    
    
    


10275 Wayzata Blvd. Suite 100
 Minnetonka
Minnesota 55305

(Zip Code)



 including
area code


of the Exchange Act: None

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:




        
        

        
        

    
    

    
    




if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes  &#9744; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No  &#9746;  &nbsp;


if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
&#9744; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &#9746;


whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes &#9746; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No
&#9744; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes &#9746; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No
&#9744; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s
knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746;


is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
&ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.



    
    
    
    
    

    
        
        
    
    
    
    



(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes &#9744; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; No &#9746;


of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $27
172
118 as of June 30
 2014 (computed by reference
to the last sale price of a share of the registrant&rsquo;s Common Stock on that date as reported by OTC Bulletin Board).


979
990 shares outstanding
of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock as of March 26
 2015.


    
    


CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS


following discussion to inform our existing and potential security holders generally of some of the risks and uncertainties that
can affect our company and to take advantage of the &ldquo;safe harbor&rdquo; protection for forward-looking statements that applicable
federal securities law affords.


our management or persons acting on our behalf may make forward-looking statements to inform existing and potential security holders
about our company. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this report regarding our financial position
business strategy
 plans and objectives of management for future operations and industry conditions are forward-looking statements.
When used in this report
 forward-looking statements are generally accompanied by terms or phrases such as &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;predict
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;target
&rdquo;
&ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;seek
&rdquo; &ldquo;goal
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;may&rdquo;
or other words and similar expressions that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Items making assumptions regarding
actual or potential future sales
 market size
 collaborations
 trends or operating results also constitute such forward-looking
statements.


involve inherent risks and uncertainties
 and important factors (many of which are beyond our control) that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements include the following:




low trading volume and illiquidity of our common stock
 and possible application of the SEC&rsquo;s penny stock rules;





material defaults on monetary obligations owed us
 resulting in unexpected losses;



inadequate capital to acquire working interests in oil and gas prospects and to participate in the drilling and production
of oil and other hydrocarbons;
our inability to meet financial
covenants and restrictions associated with our debt agreements;







failure to discover or produce commercial quantities of oil
 natural gas or other hydrocarbons;

cost overruns incurred on our oil and gas prospects
 causing unexpected operating deficits;







litigation
 disputes and legal claims involving outside parties; and




forward-looking statements on our current expectations and assumptions about future events. While our management considers these
expectations and assumptions to be reasonable
 they are inherently subject to significant business
 economic
 competitive
 regulatory
and other risks and uncertainties
 most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Accordingly
results actually achieved may differ materially from expected results in these statements. Forward-looking statements speak only
as of the date they are made. You should consider carefully the statements in &ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors&rdquo; and other sections
of this report
 which describe factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those set forth in the forward-looking
statements.


to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this report. We assume no obligation
to update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this report
other than as may be required by applicable law or regulation. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures
made by us in our reports filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) which attempt
to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operation and
cash flows. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize
 or if the underlying assumptions prove incorrect
 our actual
results may vary materially from those expected or projected.



    
    






    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    
    




    
    









gas exploration and production company. Our properties are located in North Dakota and Montana. Our corporate strategy is the acquisition
exploration
 development and production of crude oil and natural gas properties
 primarily in the Bakken and Three Forks trends
in North Dakota and Montana. As of December 31
 2014
 we had proven oil and gas reserves of 5.4 million barrels of oil equivalents
owned interest in 247 gross (7.88 net) producing oil and gas wells
 and controlled the rights to mineral leases covering approximately
10
000 net acres for prospective drilling to the Bakken and/or Three Forks formations. The following table provides a summary of
important information regarding our assets:



As of December 31
 2014

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

10
000
    
    
    
    
    
1
190
    
5
356
    
100
335


Includes leases
encompassing approximately 1
100 net acres that we estimate will expire in 2015
Represents average
daily production over the three months ended December 31
 2014
PV-10 is a non-GAAP
financial measure. For further information and reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measure
 see &ldquo;Item 2.
Properties-Proved Reserves.&rdquo;


 we
are pursuing the following objectives:




access appropriate capital markets to fund continued acreage acquisition
and drilling activities;












2012
 we changed our name to Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. Our common stock is traded on the OTCQB under the trading symbol &ldquo;ANFC.&rdquo;



    
    








 2015
we amended the Credit Facilities (the &ldquo;Credit Facilities&rdquo;) to (i) extend the termination date of the Loan Commitment
on the Senior Credit Facility (as defined in the Agreement) from August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2016 to January&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2017; (ii) decrease
the Borrowing Base Amount from $35&nbsp;million to $34&nbsp;million on the Senior Credit Facility; and (iii) make certain other
changes to the covenants in both the Senior and Subordinated Credit Facilities.


with Cadence Bank
 N.A. (the &ldquo;Bank&rdquo;) (the &ldquo;Senior Credit Facility&rdquo;) was amended in March of&nbsp;2015 (&ldquo;the
&ldquo;Senior Credit Fifth Amendment&rdquo;) to extend the termination date of the Loan Commitment from August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2016
to January&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2017
 decrease the borrowing base from $35&nbsp;million to $34&nbsp;million and to waive the Net Debt
to EBITDAX Ratio and the Collateral Coverage Ratio covenants for the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015. In addition
 the
Amendment
 for purposes of determining compliance with financial covenants
 changes the Maximum Net Debt to EBITDAX Ratio and the
Minimum Collateral Coverage Ratio. Whereas the Senior Credit Facility initially provided for a Maximum Net Debt to EBITDAX Ratio
of 3.50 to 1.00 as of the end of each quarter commencing with the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 the Amendment revises
the Maximum Net Debt to EBITDAX Ratio to 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for
the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and thereafter. In addition
 whereas the Senior Credit Facility initially provided
for a Minimum Collateral Coverage Ratio of 0.80 to 1.00 as of the end of each quarter commencing with the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
the Amendment revises the Minimum Collateral Coverage Ratio to 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 and
0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
and thereafter.


with Chambers Energy Management
 LP
 as administrative agent (&ldquo;Chambers&rdquo;)
 and several other lenders (the &ldquo;Subordinated
Credit Facility&rdquo;) was amended in March of&nbsp;2015 (the &ldquo;Subordinated Credit Third Amendment&rdquo;) to waive the
Net Leverage Ratio and the Collateral Coverage Ratio covenants for the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015. In addition
 the
Amendment
 for purposes of determining compliance with financial covenants
 changes the Maximum Net Leverage Ratio and the Minimum
Collateral Coverage Ratio. Whereas the Subordinated Credit Facility initially provided for a Maximum Net Leverage Ratio of 3.50
to 1.00 as of the end of each quarter commencing with the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 the Amendment revises the Maximum
Net Leverage Ratio to 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending
March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and thereafter. In addition
 whereas the Subordinated Credit Facility initially provided for a Minimum
Collateral Coverage Ratio of 0.80 to 1.00 as of the end of each quarter commencing with the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
the Amendment revises the Minimum Collateral Coverage Ratio to 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 and
0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
and thereafter.







resolutions authorizing the Company to implement a reverse stock split of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding shares of Common Stock
at a ratio of up to 1:10 and any related amendment to the Company&rsquo;s certificate of incorporation. Our stockholders have also
approved the amendment by written consent.


or a committee of the Board of Directors has the authority to decide whether to implement a reverse stock split and the exact amount
of the split within the foregoing range
 if it is to be implemented. If the reverse split is implemented
 the number of issued
and outstanding shares of Common Stock would be reduced in accordance with the exchange ratio selected by the Board of Directors
or a committee thereof. The total number of authorized shares of Common Stock will be reduced proportionately as a result of the
reverse stock split and the total number of shares of authorized preferred stock will remain unchanged at 20
000
000 shares.




split would
 among other things
 (i) better enable the Company to obtain a listing on a national securities exchange
 (ii) facilitate
higher levels of institutional stock ownership
 where investment policies generally prohibit investments in lower-priced securities
and (iii) better enable the Company to raise funds to finance its planned operations. There can be no assurance however that we
will be able to obtain a listing on a national securities exchange even if we implement the reverse stock split.

AS OF THE DATE OF THIS FILING
 OUR BOARD
HAS NOT TAKEN ANY ACTION TO MAKE THE POTENTIAL REVERSE STOCK SPLIT EFFECTIVE.




    
    





Company&rsquo;s focus is the acquisition
 exploration
 development and production of crude oil and natural gas properties
primarily in the Bakken and Three Forks trends in North Dakota and Montana. As of February&nbsp;28
 2015
 we controlled
approximately 9
400 net acres in the Williston Basin. In addition
 as of February&nbsp;28
 2015
 the Company owned working
interests in 349 gross wells representing 10.97 net wells that are preparing to drill
 drilling
 awaiting completion
completing or producing.


through selectively targeting acquisition of acreage positions with attractive returns on the capital employed by evaluating
amongst other factors
 reserve potential
 operator performance
 anticipated well costs and anticipated operating expenses.


and connections of our personnel in the Williston Basin region
 we believe that we are able to create value through opportunistic
acreage acquisitions. We believe our business model enhances our ability to identify and acquire high value acreage in the Bakken
and Three Forks trends. Because we purchase minority interests in multiple drilling units
 we are able to diversify our risk across
numerous wells. We believe that our prospective success revolves around our ability to acquire mineral leases and participate in
drilling activities by virtue of our ownership of such rights and through our experience and the relationships we have developed
in the Williston Basin.


working interest partner
 we participate in drilling activities primarily on a heads-up basis. Before a well is spud
 an operator
is required to offer all mineral lease owners in the designated well spacing unit the right to participate in the drilling and
production of the well. Drilling costs and revenues from oil and gas sales are split pro-rata based on acreage ownership in the
designated drilling unit. We rely on our operator partners to identify specific drilling sites
 permit
 and engage in the drilling
process. As a non-operator we are focused on maintaining a low overhead structure.


 we believe
that ensuring we have the capital to acquire and develop properties is crucial to our success. We strive to maintain strong relationships
with our lenders and financial partners in order to ensure capital is available when opportunities come available.


gas reserves were 5.4&nbsp;million barrel of oil equivalents (BOE&rsquo;s) as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and 4.5&nbsp;million
BOE&rsquo;s as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013.




in crude oil and natural gas exploration and production by participating on a pro-rata basis with operators in wells drilled and
completed in spacing units that include our acreage under lease. We are generally a minority working interest owner in our wells.
We typically depend on drilling partners to propose
 permit and engage the drilling of wells. Prior to commencing drilling
 our
partners are required to provide all owners of mineral interests within the designated spacing unit the opportunity to participate
in the drilling costs and revenues of the well to the extent of their pro-rata share of such interest within the spacing unit.
We will assess each drilling opportunity on a case-by-case basis going forward. We will participate in wells that we expect to
meet our return thresholds based upon our estimates of ultimate recoverable crude oil and natural gas
 anticipated crude oil and
natural gas pricing and other factors.


commodities marketing activities internally
 but our operating partners generally market and sell crude oil and natural gas produced
from wells in which we have an interest. Our operating partners coordinate the transportation of our crude oil production from
our wells to appropriate distribution points pursuant to arrangements that such partners negotiate and maintain with various parties
purchasing the production. We understand that our partners generally sell our production to a variety of purchasers at prevailing
market prices under separately negotiated short-term contracts. The price at which production is sold generally is tied to the
spot market for crude oil. Williston Basin Light Sweet Crude from the Bakken source rock is generally 41-42 API crude oil and is
readily accepted into the pipeline infrastructure.



    
    





gas industry is intensely competitive
 and we compete with numerous other crude oil and natural gas exploration and production
companies. Most of these companies have substantially greater resources than we have. Our competitors not only explore for and
produce crude oil and natural gas
 but many also conduct midstream and refining operations and market petroleum products on a regional
national or worldwide basis. These additional operations may enable them to pay more for exploratory prospects and productive crude
oil and natural gas properties than us. They also may have more resources to define
 evaluate
 bid for and purchase a greater number
of properties and prospects than our financial or human resources permit.


competitors may have the resources to absorb the burden of existing and changing federal
 state
 and local laws and regulations
more easily than we can
 which would adversely affect our competitive position. Our ability to discover reserves and acquire additional
properties in the future will depend on our ability to evaluate and select suitable properties and to consummate transactions in
this highly competitive environment. In addition
 we may be at a disadvantage in acquiring crude oil and natural gas properties
and bidding for exploratory prospects because we have fewer financial and human resources than other companies in our industry.




oil and natural gas depends on factors beyond our control
 including the extent of domestic production and imports of crude oil
and natural gas
 the proximity and capacity of natural gas pipelines and other transportation facilities
 demand for crude oil
and natural gas
 the marketing of competitive fuels and the effects of state and federal regulation. The crude oil and natural
gas industry also competes with other industries in supplying the energy and fuel requirements of industrial
 commercial and individual
consumers.


is expected to be sold at prices tied to the spot crude oil markets. Our natural gas production is expected to be sold under short-term
contracts and priced based on first of the month index prices or on daily spot market prices. We rely on our operating partners
to market and sell our production. Our operating partners include a variety of exploration and production companies
 from large
publicly-traded companies to small
 privately-owned companies.

Principal Agreements Affecting Our Ordinary
Business


real estate
 but
 instead
 our acreage is comprised of leasehold interests subject to the terms of lease agreements that provide
our company the right to drill and maintain wells in specific geographic areas. All lease arrangements that comprise our acreage
positions are established using industry-standard terms that have been established and used in the crude oil and natural gas industry
in North Dakota. Most of our leases are acquired from other parties that obtained the original leasehold interest prior to our
acquisition of the leasehold interest.


 our lease
agreements stipulate three to five year terms including extension options. Bonuses and royalty rates are negotiated on a case-by-case
basis consistent with industry standard pricing. Once a well is drilled
 or production is established
 depending on the lease terms
the acreage in a well&rsquo;s drilling unit is considered &ldquo;held by production
&rdquo; meaning the lease on that particular
acreage continues as long as oil or gas is being produced. Generally
 other locations within the drilling unit created for a well
may also be drilled at any time with no time limit as long as the lease is held by production. In the event a lease is not developed
prior to lease expiration
 the Company completes an economic evaluation of the expiring lease and makes a strategic decision to
exercise an available option
 attempt to extend the lease
 or allow it to expire. As a result of these evaluations and taking into
consideration other acquisition opportunities available to the Company
 we expect a portion of our leases will expire prior to
being held by production. The Company had leases encompassing 4
202 net acres expire in 2014 and leases encompassing 543 net acres
expire in 2013. We estimate that leases encompassing approximately 1
100 net acres will expire in 2015. All of the costs associated
with the lease expirations in 2014 and the leases we estimate will expire in 2015 have been transferred to the full cost pool and
were subject to depletion in 2014.



    
    


Governmental Regulation and Environmental
Matters


subject to various rules
 regulations and limitations impacting the crude oil and natural gas exploration and production industry
as a whole.

Regulation of Crude Oil and Natural
Gas Production


gas exploration
 production and related operations
 when developed
 are subject to extensive rules and regulations promulgated
by federal
 state
 tribal and local authorities and agencies. For example
 North Dakota and Montana require permits for drilling
operations
 drilling bonds and reports concerning operations
 and impose other requirements relating to the exploration and production
of crude oil and natural gas. Such states may also have statutes or regulations addressing conservation matters
 including provisions
for the unitization or pooling of crude oil and natural gas properties
 the establishment of maximum rates of production from wells
and the regulation of spacing
 plugging and abandonment of such wells. Failure to comply with any such rules and regulations can
result in substantial penalties. The regulatory burden on the crude oil and natural gas industry will most likely increase our
cost of doing business and may affect our profitability. Although we believe we are currently in substantial compliance with all
applicable laws and regulations
 because such rules and regulations are frequently amended or reinterpreted
 we are unable to predict
the future cost or impact of complying with such laws. Significant expenditures may be required to comply with governmental laws
and regulations and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.




properties are subject to extensive and changing federal
 state and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection
including the generation
 storage
 handling
 emission
 transportation and discharge of materials into the environment
 and relating
to safety and health. The recent trend in environmental legislation and regulation generally is toward stricter standards
 and
this trend will likely continue. These laws and regulations may:


require the acquisition of a permit or other authorization before construction or drilling commences and for certain other
activities;

limit or prohibit construction
 drilling and other activities on certain lands lying within wilderness and other protected
areas; and





for our operations may be subject to revocation
 modification and renewal by issuing authorities. Governmental authorities have
the power to enforce their regulations
 and violations are subject to fines and injunctions. In the opinion of management
 we
are in substantial compliance with current applicable environmental laws and regulations
 and have no material commitments for
capital expenditures to comply with existing environmental requirements. Nevertheless
 changes in existing environmental laws
and regulations or in interpretations of them could have a significant impact on our company
 as well as the crude oil and natural
gas industry in general.


Response
 Compensation
 and Liability Act (&ldquo;CERCLA&rdquo;) and comparable state statutes impose strict
 joint and several
liability on owners and operators of sites and on persons who disposed of or arranged for the disposal of &ldquo;hazardous substances&rdquo;
found at such sites. It is not uncommon for the neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury
and property damage allegedly caused by the hazardous substances released into the environment. The Federal Resource Conservation
and Recovery Act (&ldquo;RCRA&rdquo;) and comparable state statutes govern the disposal of &ldquo;solid waste&rdquo; and &ldquo;hazardous
waste&rdquo;
 and authorize the imposition of substantial fines and penalties for noncompliance. Although CERCLA currently excludes
petroleum from its definition of &ldquo;hazardous substance
&rdquo; state laws affecting our operations may impose clean-up liability
relating to petroleum and petroleum related products. In addition
 although RCRA classifies certain crude oil field wastes as &ldquo;non-hazardous
&rdquo;
such exploration and production wastes could be reclassified as hazardous wastes thereby making such wastes subject to more stringent
handling and disposal requirements.



    
    



Act (&ldquo;ESA&rdquo;) seeks to ensure that activities do not jeopardize endangered or threatened animal
 fish and plant species
nor destroy or modify the critical habitat of such species. Under ESA
 exploration and production operations
 as well as actions
by federal agencies
 may not significantly impair or jeopardize the species or its habitat. ESA provides for criminal penalties
for willful violations of the Act. Other statutes that provide protection to animal and plant species and that may apply to our
operations include
 but are not necessarily limited to
 the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act
 the Fishery Conservation and Management
Act
 the Migratory Bird Treaty Act and the National Historic Preservation Act. Although we believe that our operations will be
in substantial compliance with such statutes
 any change in these statutes or any reclassification of a species as endangered could
subject our company to significant expenses or could force our company to discontinue certain operations.


April 17
 2012
 the EPA finalized rules originally proposed in 2011 establishing new air emission controls for oil and natural

New Source Performance Standards to address emissions of sulfur dioxide and volatile organic compounds (&ldquo;VOCs&rdquo;) and
a separate set of emission standards to address hazardous air pollutants frequently associated with oil and natural gas production
and processing activities. On August 5
 2013
 the EPA issued final updates to its 2012 VOC performance standards for storage tanks.
The rules establish specific new requirements regarding emissions from compressors
 dehydrators
 storage tanks and other production
equipment. In addition
 the rules revise leak detection requirements for natural gas processing plants. These rules may require
a number of modifications to the operations of our third-party operating partners
 including the installation of new equipment
to control emissions from compressors. On January 15
 2015
 the EPA announced that it will initiate a rulemaking to set standards
for methane and VOC emissions from new and modified oil and gas production sources and natural gas-processing and transmission
sources. Although we cannot predict the cost to comply with these new requirements at this point
 compliance with these new rules
could result in significant costs
 including increased capital expenditures and operating costs
 and could adversely impact our
business


new regulations and proposals and any other new regulations requiring the installation of more sophisticated pollution control
equipment could have a material adverse impact on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.


Control Act of 1972
 or the Clean Water Act (the &ldquo;CWA&rdquo;)
 imposes restrictions and controls on the discharge of produced
waters and other pollutants into navigable waters. Permits must be obtained to discharge pollutants into state and federal waters
and to conduct construction activities in waters and wetlands. The CWA and certain state regulations prohibit the discharge of
produced water
 sand
 drilling fluids
 drill cuttings
 sediment and certain other substances related to the oil and gas industry
into certain coastal and offshore waters without an individual or general National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System discharge
permit. In addition
 the Clean Water Act and analogous state laws require individual permits or coverage under general permits
for discharges of storm water runoff from certain types of facilities. Some states also maintain groundwater protection programs
that require permits for discharges or operations that may impact groundwater conditions. Costs may be associated with the treatment
of wastewater and/or developing and implementing storm water pollution prevention plans. The CWA and comparable state statutes
provide for civil
 criminal and administrative penalties for unauthorized discharges of oil and other pollutants and impose liability
on parties responsible for those discharges
 for the costs of cleaning up any environmental damage caused by the release and for
natural resource damages resulting from the release.


of oil and natural gas wastes are regulated by the Underground Injection Control program authorized by the Safe Drinking Water
Act. The primary objective of injection well operating requirements is to ensure the mechanical integrity of the injection apparatus
and to prevent migration of fluids from the injection zone into underground sources of drinking water. Substantially all of the
oil and natural gas production in which we have interest is developed from unconventional sources that require hydraulic fracturing
as part of the completion process. Hydraulic fracturing involves the injection of water
 sand and chemicals under pressure into
the formation to stimulate gas production. Legislation to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to repeal the exemption for hydraulic
fracturing from the definition of &ldquo;underground injection&rdquo; and require federal permitting and regulatory control of
hydraulic fracturing
 as well as legislative proposals to require disclosure of the chemical constituents of the fluids used in
the fracturing process
 were proposed in recent sessions of Congress. The U.S. Congress continues to consider legislation to amend
the Safe Drinking Water Act to subject hydraulic fracturing operations to regulation under the Act&rsquo;s Underground Injection
Control Program to require disclosure of chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process.



    
    



fracturing activities continues in other ways. The federal government is currently undertaking several studies of the potential
impacts of hydraulic fracturing. Several states
 including Montana and North Dakota
 where our properties are located
 have also

number of municipalities in other states
 including Colorado and Texas
 have banned hydraulic fracturing. New York State&rsquo;s
ban on hydraulic fracturing was recently upheld by the Courts. We cannot predict whether any other legislation will
ever be enacted and if so
 what its provisions would be. If additional levels of regulation and permits were required
through the adoption of new laws and regulations at the federal or state level
 which could lead to delays
 increased operating
costs and process prohibitions that would materially adversely affect our revenue and results of operations.


Policy Act
 or NEPA
 establishes a national environmental policy and goals for the protection
 maintenance and enhancement of the
environment and provides a process for implementing these goals within federal agencies. A major federal agency action having the
potential to significantly impact the environment requires review under NEPA. Many of the activities of our third-party operating
partners are covered under categorical exclusions which results in a shorter NEPA review process. The Council on Environmental
Quality has announced an intention to reinvigorate NEPA reviews and on March 12
 2012
 issued final guidance that may result in
longer review processes that could lead to delays and increased costs that could materially adversely affect our revenues and results
of operations.




and research have been devoted to climate change and global warming
 and climate change has developed into a major political issue
in the United States and globally. Certain research suggests that greenhouse gas emissions contribute to climate change and pose
a threat to the environment. Recent scientific research and political debate has focused in part on carbon dioxide and methane
incidental to crude oil and natural gas exploration and production.

In
the United States
 legislative and regulatory initiatives are underway to limit greenhouse gas (&ldquo;GHG&rdquo;) emissions. The
U.S. Congress has considered legislation that would control GHG emissions through a &ldquo;cap and trade&rdquo; program and several
states have already implemented programs to reduce GHG emissions. The U.S. Supreme Court determined that GHG emissions fall within
the federal Clean Air Act
 or the CAA
 definition of an &ldquo;air pollutant.&rdquo; In response the EPA promulgated an endangerment
finding paving the way for regulation of GHG emissions under the CAA. In 2010
 the EPA issued a final rule
 known as the &ldquo;Tailoring
Rule
&rdquo; that makes certain large stationary sources and modification projects subject to permitting requirements for greenhouse
gas emissions under the Clean Air Act. On June 23
 2014
Utility
Air Regulatory Group v. EPA
 held that the EPA&rsquo;s &ldquo;Tailoring Rule&rdquo; was invalid
 but held that if a source
was subject to Prevention of Significant Deterioration (&ldquo;PSD&rdquo;) or Title V based on emissions of conventional pollutants
like sulfur dioxide
 particulates
 nitrogen dioxide
 carbon monoxide
 ozone or lead
 then the EPA could also require the source
to control GHG emissions and the source would have to install Best Available Control Technology to do so. As a result
 a source
no longer is required to meet PSD and Title&nbsp;V permitting requirements based solely on its GHG emissions
 but may still have
to control GHG emissions if it is an otherwise regulated source. On February 23
 2014
 Colorado became the first state in the nation
to adopt rules to control methane emissions from oil and gas facilities. Subsequently
 the Obama administration has approved rules
that would require controls on methane emissions from certain oil and gas facilities. To the extent our third party operating partners
are required to further control methane emissions
 such controls could impact our business.

In
addition
 in September 2009
 the EPA issued a final rule requiring the reporting of GHGs from specified large GHG emission sources
in the United States beginning in 2011 for emissions in 2010. On November 30
 2010
 the EPA published a final rule expanding its
existing GHG emissions reporting to include onshore and offshore oil and natural gas systems beginning in 2012. Our third party
operating partners are required to report their greenhouse gas emissions under these rules. Because regulation of GHG emissions
is relatively new
 further regulatory
 legislative and judicial developments are likely to occur. Such developments may affect
how these GHG initiatives will impact us. Moreover
American&nbsp;Electric&nbsp;Power
Co.&nbsp;v.&nbsp;Connecticut 
 with respect to claims concerning GHG emissions
 the federal common law of nuisance was
displaced by the federal Clean Air Act
 the Court left open the question of whether tort claims against sources of GHG emissions
alleging property damage may proceed under state common law. There thus remains some litigation risk for such claims. Due to the
uncertainties surrounding the regulation of and other risks associated with GHG&nbsp;emissions
 we cannot predict the financial
impact of related developments on us.



    
    



or regulations that may be adopted to address climate change could also affect the markets for our products by making our products
more or less desirable than competing sources of energy. To the extent that our products are competing with higher greenhouse gas
emitting energy sources
 our products would become more desirable in the market with more stringent limitations on greenhouse gas
emissions. To the extent that our products are competing with lower greenhouse gas emitting energy sources such as solar and wind
our products would become less desirable in the market with more stringent limitations on greenhouse gas emissions. We cannot predict
with any certainty at this time how these possibilities may affect our operations.


majority of scientific studies on climate change suggest that stronger storms may occur in the future in the areas where we operate
although the scientific studies are not unanimous. Although operators may take steps to mitigate physical risks from storms
 no
assurance can be given that future storms will not have a material adverse effect on our business.



We
currently have 8 full time employees. We may hire additional technical or administrative personnel as appropriate. However
 we
do not expect a significant change in the number of full time employees over the next 12&nbsp;months based upon our currently-projected
business plan. We are using and will continue to use the services of independent consultants and contractors to perform various
professional services. We believe that this use of third-party service providers enhances our ability to contain general and administrative
expenses.




are located at 10275 Wayzata Boulevard
 Suite 100
 Minnetonka
 Minnesota 55305. Our office space consists of approximately 2
813
square feet leased pursuant to a month to month lease agreement that commenced on May 1
 2012 and was amended on November 15
 2013.
The company that owns the building in which we are located is a company wholly owned by our chairman of the board of directors.

Financial Information about Segments
and Geographic Areas


our operations into geographic areas given the fact that all of our production activities occur within the Williston Basin in North
Dakota and Montana.

Available Information &ndash; Reports
to Security Holders


is www.blackridgeoil.com. We make available on this website
 free of charge
 our annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports after we electronically file those materials with
 or
furnish those materials to
 the SEC. These filings are also available to the public at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room at
100 F Street
 NE
 Room 1580
 Washington
 DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room
by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Electronic filings with the SEC are also available on the SEC internet website at www.sec.gov.


website our Audit Committee Charter and our Code of Ethics
 in addition to all pertinent company contact information.



    
    






As a non-operator
 our development
of successful operations relies extensively on third-parties who
 if not successful
 could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operation.


have only participated in wells operated by third-parties. Our current ability to develop successful business operations depends
on the success of our consultants and drilling partners. As a result
 we do not control the timing or success of the development
exploitation
 production and exploration activities relating to our leasehold interests. If our consultants and drilling partners
are not successful in such activities relating to our leasehold interests
 or are unable or unwilling to perform
 our financial
condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected.


operators will make decisions in connection with their operations (subject to their contractual and legal obligations to other
owners of working interests)
 which may not be in our best interests.


we may have virtually no ability to exercise influence over the operational decisions of our operators
 including the setting of
capital expenditure budgets and drilling locations and schedules. Dependence on our operators could prevent us from realizing our
target returns for those locations. The success and timing of development activities by our operators will depend on a number of
factors that will largely be outside of our control
 including:











the rate of production of reserves
 if any.

We could
experience periods of higher costs as activity levels in the Williston Basin fluctuate or if commodity prices rise. These increases
could reduce our profitability
 cash flow
 and ability to complete development activities as planned.


last several years has seen increased activity and investment in the Williston Basin
 although this activity has subsided over
recent months as oil prices have dropped. To the extent activity in the Williston Basin increases
 competition for equipment
 labor
and supplies is also expected to increase. Likewise
 higher oil
 natural gas and NGL prices generally increase the demand for equipment
labor and supplies
 and can lead to shortages of
 and increasing costs for
 drilling equipment
 services and personnel. The lower
oil prices may also result in some suppliers of equipment
 labor and supplies ceasing operations in the Williston Basin. Shortages
of
 or increasing costs for
 experienced drilling crews and equipment and services could restrict our operating partners&rsquo;
ability to drill the wells and conduct the operations that we currently expect.


addition
 capital and operating costs in the oil and natural gas industry have generally risen during periods of increasing commodity
prices as producers seek to increase production in order to capitalize on higher commodity prices. In situations where cost inflation
exceeds commodity price inflation
 our profitability and cash flow
 and our operators&rsquo; ability to complete development activities
as scheduled and on budget
 may be negatively impacted. While recent oil price declines may result in lower drilling costs
 to
the extent our third party operators have contracted on a long-term or fixed cost basis and are unable to immediately recognize
the lower drilling costs
 our profitability may suffer and our capital expenditures may exceed amounts we would otherwise anticipate.
Any delay in the drilling of new wells or significant increase in drilling costs or delay in recognizing reductions in drilling
costs could reduce our revenues and cash available to make payments on our debt obligations.



    
    


We may be unable to obtain the additional
capital that we need to implement our business plan
 which could restrict our ability to grow.


Senior Credit Facility and a Subordinated Credit Facility that allow for borrowings up to $50&nbsp;million and $75&nbsp;million
respectively
 with current availability of $34&nbsp;million and $30&nbsp;million
 respectively
 secured by substantially all of
our assets
 but the two credit facilities may not be available to us if we are not in compliance with their terms and conditions.
We had drawn $22.6 million on the Senior Credit Facility and $30&nbsp;million on the Subordinated Credit Facility as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
and have net draws of an additional $3.35&nbsp;million on the Senior Credit Facility as of March&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2015. We will require
additional capital to continue to grow our business through acquisitions and to further expand our exploration and development
programs. We may be unable to obtain additional capital or financing if and when required
 or upon terms that are acceptable to
us. Future acquisitions and future exploration
 development
 production and marketing activities
 as well as our administrative
requirements will require a substantial amount of capital and cash flow. We may pursue sources of additional capital through various
financing transactions or arrangements
 including joint venturing of projects
 debt financing
 equity financing or other means.
We also expect to seek equity financing to finance our expected drilling and completion costs. We may not be successful in identifying
suitable financing transactions in the time period required or at all
 and we may not obtain the capital we require by other means.
If we do not succeed in raising additional capital
 our resources may not be sufficient to fund our planned expansion of operations
in the future.


raised through the sale of equity would dilute the ownership percentage of our shareholders. Raising any such capital could also
result in a decrease in the fair market value of our equity securities because our assets would be owned by a larger pool of outstanding
equity holders. The terms of securities we issue in future capital transactions may be more favorable to our new investors
 and
may include preferences
 superior voting rights and the issuance of other derivative securities. In addition
 we have granted and
will continue to grant equity incentive awards under our equity incentive plans
 which may have a further dilutive effect. Our
ability to obtain financing
 if and when necessary
 may be impaired by such factors as the capital markets (both generally and
in the crude oil and natural gas industry in particular)
 our limited operating history
 the location of our crude oil and natural
gas properties
 and prices of crude oil and natural gas on the commodities markets (which will impact the amount of asset-based
financing available to us) and the departure of key employees. Further
 if crude oil or natural gas prices on the commodities markets
continue to decline as they have recently
 our revenues will likely decrease and such decreased revenues may increase our requirements
for capital. If the amount of capital we are able to raise from financing activities
 together with our revenues from operations
is not sufficient to satisfy our capital needs (even to the extent that we reduce our operations)
 we may be required to cease
our operations
 divest our assets at unattractive prices or obtain financing on unattractive terms. We may incur substantial costs
in pursuing future capital financing
 including investment banking fees
 legal fees
 accounting fees
 securities law compliance
fees
 printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in connection
with certain securities we may issue
 which may adversely impact our financial condition.

Our credit agreements contain operating
and financial restrictions that may restrict our business and financing activities.


contain
 or any future indebtedness we incur may contain
 a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and
financial restrictions on us
 including restrictions on our ability to
 among other things:



declare or pay any dividend or make any other distributions on
 purchase or redeem our equity interests or purchase or redeem
subordinated debt;









consolidate
 merge or transfer all or substantially all of our assets.



covenants
 we are limited in the manner in which we conduct our business
 and we may be unable to engage in favorable business
activities or finance future operations or capital needs.



    
    



with some of the foregoing covenants and restrictions may be affected by events beyond our control. If market or other economic
conditions deteriorate
 our ability to comply with these covenants may be impaired. A failure to comply with the covenants
 ratios
or tests in our Credit Facilities or any future indebtedness could result in an event of default under our Credit Facilities or
our future indebtedness
 which
 if not cured or waived
 could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
and results of operations. If an event of default under our Credit Facilities occurs and remains uncured
 the lenders thereunder:





could elect to declare all borrowings outstanding
 together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees
 to be due and payable;







or acceleration under our Credit Facilities could result in an event of default and acceleration under other future indebtedness.
Conversely
 an event of default or acceleration under any future indebtedness could result in an event of default and acceleration
under our Credit Facilities. In addition
 our obligations under the Senior Credit Facility are collateralized by perfected first
priority liens and security interests on substantially all of our assets and if we are unable to repay our indebtedness under the
Credit Facilities
 the lenders could seek to foreclose on our assets.

Our leverage and debt service obligations
may adversely affect our financial condition
 results of operations and business prospects.


could affect our operations in several ways
 including the following:



require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our existing debt
 thereby reducing
the cash available to finance our operations and other business activities and could limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting
to changes in our business and the industry in which we operate;



limit our ability to access the capital markets to raise capital on favorable terms or to obtain additional financing for working
capital
 capital expenditures or acquisitions or to refinance existing indebtedness;

place restrictions on our ability to obtain additional financing
 make investments
 lease equipment
 sell assets and engage
in business combinations;

place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to competitors with lower levels of indebtedness in relation to their overall
size or less restrictive terms governing their indebtedness; and

make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations under our debt agreements and increase the risk that we may default
on our debt obligations.



our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance
 which will be affected by financial
 business
 economic
regulatory and other factors. We will not be able to control many of these factors
 such as economic conditions and governmental
regulation. We depend on our revolving credit facilities for future capital needs
 because we use operating cash flows for investing
activities and borrow as needed. We cannot be certain that our cash flow will be sufficient to allow us to pay the principal and
interest on our current and future debt and meet our other obligations. If we do not have enough money
 we may be required to refinance
all or part of our debt
 sell assets
 borrow more money or raise equity. We may not be able to refinance our debt
 sell assets
borrow more money or raise equity on terms acceptable to us
 if at all. Our ability to comply with the financial and other restrictive
covenants in our indebtedness will be affected by the levels of cash flow from our operations and future events and circumstances
beyond our control. Failure to comply with these covenants would result in an event of default under our indebtedness
 and such
an event of default could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


our Senior Credit Facility is determined semi-annually
 as well as upon the occurrence of certain events
 by the lenders in their
sole discretion
 based primarily on reserve reports that reflect our banks&rsquo; projections of future commodity prices at such
time. Significant declines in natural gas
 NGL or oil prices may result in a decrease in our borrowing base. We would anticipate
prolonged depression of pricing may equate to decreases in our borrowing base
 which may or may not be offset by increases in production.
Any increase in the borrowing base requires the consent of all the lenders. If as a result of a borrowing base redetermination
outstanding borrowings are in excess of the borrowing base
 we must repay such excess borrowings within 90 days. We do not currently
have any substantial unpledged properties
 and we may not have the financial resources in the future to make any mandatory principal
prepayments required under the Senior Credit Facility.



    
    


We may not be able to generate enough
cash flow to meet our debt obligations.


and cash flow to vary significantly from year to year due to the cyclical nature of our industry. As a result
 the amount of debt
that we can service in some periods may not be appropriate for us in other periods. Additionally
 our future cash flow may be insufficient
to meet our debt obligations and commitments. Any insufficiency could negatively impact our business. A range of economic
 competitive
business and industry factors will affect our future financial performance
 and
 as a result
 our ability to generate cash flow
from operations and to pay our debt. Many of these factors
 such as oil and natural gas prices
 economic and financial conditions
in our industry and the global economy or competitive initiatives of our competitors
 are beyond our control.


enough cash flow from operations to satisfy our debt obligations
 we may have to undertake alternative financing plans
 such as:













 we cannot
assure you that undertaking alternative financing plans
 if necessary
 would allow us to meet our debt obligations. Our inability
to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt obligations
 or to obtain alternative financing
 could materially and adversely
affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects.

Our variable rate indebtedness subjects
us to interest rate risk
 which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly.


Credit Facilities bear interest at variable rates and expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates increase and we are unable
to effectively hedge our interest rate risk
 our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase even
if the amount borrowed remained the same
 and our net income and cash available for servicing our indebtedness would decrease.
A one percent increase in interest rates on the debt outstanding under our Credit Facilities as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
would cost us approximately $545
000 in additional annual interest expense.

Despite our current level of indebtedness
we may still be able to incur substantially more debt. This could further exacerbate the risks associated with our substantial
indebtedness.


substantial additional indebtedness in the future
 subject to certain limitations
 including under our Credit Facilities and under
any future debt agreements. If new debt is added to our current debt levels
 the related risks that we now face could increase.
Our level of indebtedness could
 for instance
 prevent us from engaging in transactions that might otherwise be beneficial to us
or from making desirable capital expenditures. This could put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to other less leveraged
competitors that have more cash flow to devote to their operations. In addition
 the incurrence of additional indebtedness could
make it more difficult to satisfy our existing financial obligations.



    
    


We have a limited operating history
and may not be successful in becoming profitable.


history. Our business operations must be considered in light of the risks
 expenses and difficulties frequently encountered in
establishing a business in the crude oil and natural gas industries. We began to generate revenues from operations during 2011
and in 2013 we had our first operating profit since our inception in April 2010. There can be no assurance that our business operations
will prove to be successful in the long-term. Our future operating results will depend on many factors
 including: our ability
to raise adequate working capital; success of our development and exploration; demand for natural gas and crude oil; the level
of our competition; our ability to attract and maintain key management and employees; and our ability to efficiently explore
 develop
and produce sufficient quantities of marketable natural gas or crude oil in a highly competitive and speculative environment while
maintaining quality and controlling costs. To sustain profitable operations in the future
 we must
 alone or with others
 successfully
manage these factors
 as well as continue to develop ways to enhance our production efforts. Despite our best efforts
 we may not
be successful in our exploration or development efforts
 or obtain required regulatory approvals. There is a possibility that some
of our wells may never produce natural gas or crude oil.

We are highly dependent on Kenneth
DeCubellis
 our chief executive officer
 and our other executive officers and employees. The loss of one or more of them
 upon
whose knowledge
 leadership and technical expertise we rely
 would harm our ability to execute our business plan.


heavily upon (1) the continued contributions of Kenneth DeCubellis
 our chief executive officer
 whose knowledge
 leadership and
technical expertise would be difficult to replace
 with the support of James Moe
 our chief financial officer
 and Michael Eisele
our chief operating officer
 and (2) on our ability to retain and attract experienced engineers
 geoscientists and other technical
and professional consultants. If we were to lose their services
 our ability to execute our business plan would be harmed and we
may be forced to cease operations until such time as we are able to suitably replace them. Any of our executive officers may terminate
their employment with our company at any time.

Our lack of diversification will
increase the risk of an investment in our company
 and our financial condition and results of operations may deteriorate if we
fail to diversify.


is on the crude oil and natural gas industry in a limited number of properties
 primarily in North Dakota and Montana. Larger companies
have the ability to manage their risk by diversification. We lack diversification in terms of both the nature and geographic scope
of our business. As a result
 we will likely be impacted more acutely by factors affecting our industry or the regions in which
we operate than we would if our business were more diversified
 increasing our risk profile. If we do not diversify our operations
our financial condition and results of operations could deteriorate.

Strategic relationships upon which
we may rely are subject to change
 which may diminish our ability to conduct our operations.


acquire additional properties
 to increase our reserves
 to participate in drilling opportunities and to identify and enter into
commercial arrangements with customers will depend on developing and maintaining close working relationships with industry participants.
Our success will also depend on our ability to select and evaluate suitable properties and to consummate transactions in a highly
competitive environment. These realities are subject to change and our inability to maintain close working relationships with industry
participants or continue to acquire suitable properties may impair our ability to execute our business plan.


our business
 we will use the business relationships of our management and develop new relationships to enter into strategic relationships.
These relationships may take the form of mineral lease purchase agreements
 joint ventures
 joint operating agreements
 referral
agreements and other contractual arrangements with outside individuals and crude oil and natural gas companies. We may not be able
to establish these strategic relationships
 or if established
 we may not be able to maintain them. In addition
 the dynamics of
our relationships with strategic partners may require us to incur expenses or undertake activities that we would not otherwise
be inclined to do independent of these strategic relationships. If sufficient strategic relationships are not established and maintained
our business prospects
 financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.



    
    


Competition in obtaining rights to
explore and develop crude oil and natural gas reserves and to market our production may impair our business.


gas industry is highly competitive. Other crude oil and natural gas companies may seek to acquire crude oil and natural gas leases
and other properties and services in the same areas in which we desire to invest. This competition is increasingly intense as commodity
prices of crude oil have continued to remain at levels that make oil and gas production in our area of operation viable. Additionally
other companies engaged in our line of business may compete with us from time to time in obtaining capital from investors. Competitors
include larger companies which
 in particular
 may have access to greater resources
 may be more successful in the recruitment
and retention of qualified employees and may conduct their own refining and petroleum marketing operations
 which may give them
a competitive advantage. In addition
 actual or potential competitors may be strengthened through the acquisition of additional
assets and interests. If we are unable to compete effectively or respond adequately to competitive pressures
 our results of operation
and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.

Downward adjustments in our proved
reserve estimates and lower oil and natural gas prices may cause us to record ceiling test write-downs.


method of accounting to account for our oil and natural gas operations. Accordingly
 we capitalize the cost to acquire
 explore
for and develop oil and natural gas properties. Under full cost accounting rules
 the net capitalized costs of oil and natural
gas properties may not exceed a &ldquo;full cost ceiling&rdquo; which is based upon the present value of estimated future net cash
flows from proved reserves
 including the effect of hedges in place
 discounted at 10%
 plus the lower of cost or fair market value
of unproved properties. If at the end of any fiscal period we determine that the net capitalized costs of oil and natural gas properties
exceed the full cost ceiling
 we must charge the amount of the excess to earnings in the period then ended. This is called a &ldquo;ceiling
test write-down.&rdquo; This charge does not impact cash flow from operating activities
 but does reduce our net income and stockholders&rsquo;
equity.

At
December 31
 2014 and 2013
 we performed impairment reviews using prices that reflect an average of monthly prices for the respective
year as prescribed pursuant to the SEC&rsquo;s guidelines and were not required to take a ceiling test write-down. The average
prices used in the December 31
 2014 impairment review are significantly higher than the actual and currently forecasted prices
in 2015. As lower average monthly pricing is reflected in the trailing 12-month average pricing calculation
 the present value
of our future net revenues would decline and impairment could be recognized. If this significantly lower pricing environment persists
we expect we could be required to write down the value of our oil and gas properties. Given the current oil and natural gas pricing
environment
 we believe we could have noncash ceiling test write-downs of our oil and natural gas properties in&nbsp;2015. The
quarterly ceiling test considers many factors including reserves
 capital expenditure estimates and trailing 12-month average prices.
SEC defined prices for each quarter in 2014 were as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2014
    
    

    
 2014
    
    

    
 2014
    
    

    
 2014
    
    




    
    



The present
value of future net cash flows from our proved reserves is not necessarily the same as the current market value of our estimated
proved reserves.

We
base the estimated discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves using a 12-month average price and costs in effect
on the day of the estimate. However
 actual future net cash flows from our oil and natural gas properties will be affected by factors
such as:




    
the volume
 pricing and duration of our oil and natural gas hedging contracts;

    
actual prices we receive for oil
 natural gas and NGLs;

    
our actual operating costs in producing oil
 natural gas and NGLs;

    
    

    
    

    
    




timing of both our production and our incurrence of expenses in connection with the development and production of oil and natural
gas properties will affect the timing of actual future net cash flows from proved reserves
 and thus their actual present value.
In addition
 the 10% discount factor we use when calculating discounted future net cash flows may not be the most appropriate discount
factor based on interest rates in effect from time to time and risks associated with us or the oil and natural gas industry in
general. Any material inaccuracies in these reserve estimates or underlying assumptions will materially affect the quantities and
present value of our reserves
 which could adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition.


December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 the PV-10 value of our proved reserves
 using mandated SEC pricing
 totaled approximately $100.3&nbsp;million.
Commodity prices have decreased significantly in the last nine months. If commodity prices used in our year-end valuation were
decreased to reflect more recent NYMEX strip pricing and expected tax and capital expenditure adjustments
 our PV-10 value at
December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 could decrease by approximately&nbsp;52%.

Our
future success depends on our ability to replace reserves that our operators produce.


the rate of production from oil and natural gas properties generally declines as reserves are depleted
 our future success depends
upon our ability to economically find or acquire and produce additional oil and natural gas reserves. Except to the extent that
we acquire additional properties containing proved reserves
 conduct successful exploration and development activities or
 through
engineering studies
 identify additional behind-pipe zones or secondary recovery reserves
 our proved reserves will decline as
our reserves are produced. Future oil and natural gas production
 therefore
 is highly dependent upon our level of success in acquiring
or finding additional reserves that are economically recoverable. We cannot assure you that we will be able to find or acquire
and develop additional reserves at an acceptable cost.


may acquire significant amounts of unproved property to further our development efforts. Development and exploratory drilling and
production activities are subject to many risks
 including the risk that no commercially productive reservoirs will be discovered.
We acquire both proved and producing properties as well as undeveloped acreage that we believe will enhance growth potential and
increase our earnings over time. However
 we cannot assure you that all of these properties will contain economically viable reserves
or that we will not abandon our initial investments. Additionally
 we cannot assure you that unproved reserves or undeveloped acreage
that we acquire will be profitably developed
 that new wells drilled on our properties will be productive or that we will recover
all or any portion of our investments in our properties and reserves.


    
    

We may not be able to effectively
manage our growth
 which may harm our profitability.


the expansion of our business. If we fail to effectively manage our growth
 our financial results could be adversely affected.
Growth may place a strain on our management systems and resources. We must continue to refine and expand our business capabilities
our systems and processes and our access to financing sources. As we grow
 we must continue to hire
 train
 supervise and manage
new employees. We cannot assure that we will be able to:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
identify and engage qualified employees and consultants
 or retain valued employees and consultants; or

    
    



manage our growth
 our financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.

Our derivative activities could result
in financial losses or could reduce our cash flow.


collars or other derivative arrangements from time-to-time to hedge our expected production depending on projected production levels
and expected market conditions
 and are required to hedge under our Credit Agreements. While intended to mitigate the effects of
volatile crude oil and natural gas prices
 such transactions may limit our potential gains and increase our potential losses if
crude oil and natural gas prices were to rise substantially over the price established by the hedge.


may be significantly higher or lower than we project at the time we enter into derivative contracts for a given period. If actual
production is higher than we project
 we will have greater commodity price exposure than we intended. If actual production is lower
than the notional amount that is subject to our derivative financial instruments
 we might be forced to satisfy all or a portion
of our derivative transactions without the benefit of the cash flow from our sale of the underlying physical commodity
 resulting
in a substantial decrease in our liquidity. As a result of these factors
 our hedging activities may not be as effective as we
intend in reducing the volatility of our cash flows
 and in certain circumstances may actually increase the volatility of our cash
flows. In addition
 such transactions may expose us to the risk of loss in certain circumstances
 including instances in which:



a counterparty to our derivative contracts
is unable to satisfy its obligations under the contracts;

our production is less than expected;
or

there is a widening of price differentials
between the delivery points for our production and the delivery point assumed in the derivative arrangement.



Our derivative activities expose
us to potential regulatory risks


(&ldquo;FTC&rdquo;)
 Federal Regulatory Commission (&ldquo;FERC&rdquo;) and the Commodities Futures Trading Commission (&ldquo;CFTC&rdquo;)
have statutory authority to monitor certain segments of the physical and futures energy commodities markets. These agencies have
imposed broad regulations prohibiting fraud and manipulation of such markets. With regard to derivative activities that we undertake
with respect to oil
 natural gas
 NGLs
 or other energy commodities
 we are required to observe the market-related regulations
enforced by these agencies. Failure to comply with such regulations
 as interpreted and enforced
 could have a material adverse
effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.



    
    


Legislative and regulatory developments
could have an adverse effect on our ability to use derivative instruments to reduce the effect of commodity price
 interest rate
and other risks associated with our business


 the
United States Congress enacted the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (&ldquo;Dodd-Frank Act&rdquo;)
 which
contains measures aimed at increasing the transparency and stability of the over-the-counter (&ldquo;OTC&rdquo;) derivatives market
and preventing excessive speculation. In November 2013
 the CFTC re-proposed implementing regulations imposing position limits
for certain physical commodity contracts in the major energy markets and economically equivalent futures
 options and swaps
 with
exemptions for certain bona fide hedging positions. The CFTC&rsquo;s initial position limit rules were vacated by a federal court
in 2012. It is not clear when the newly-proposed rules on position limits would become effective. CFTC rules under the Dodd-Frank
Act also may impose clearing and trade execution requirements in connection with our derivative activities; although currently
those requirements do not extend to derivatives based on physical commodities in the energy markets and some or all of our derivatives
activities may be exempt from such requirements based on our non-financial end-user status. Regulations issued under the Dodd-Frank
Act also may require certain counterparties to our derivative instruments to spin off some of their derivatives activities to a
separate entity
 which may not be as creditworthy as the current counterparty. Such spin-offs may occur at any time until mid-2015
depending on regulators&rsquo; decisions to allow a transitional period for a given counterparty. The legislation and regulations
could significantly increase the cost of derivative contracts (including from swap recordkeeping and reporting requirements and
through requirements to post collateral which could adversely affect our available liquidity)
 materially alter the terms of derivative
contracts
 reduce the availability of derivatives to protect against risks we encounter
 reduce our ability to monetize or restructure
our existing derivative contracts
 and increase our exposure to less creditworthy counterparties. We maintain an active hedging
program related to oil price risks. The Dodd-Frank Act and rules and regulations thereunder could reduce trading positions and
the market-making activities of our counterparties. If we reduce our use of derivatives as a result of legislation and regulations
or any resulting changes in the derivatives markets
 our results of operations may become more volatile and our cash flows may
be less predictable
 which could adversely affect our ability to plan for and fund capital expenditures or to make payments on
our debt obligations. Finally
 the legislation was intended
 in part
 to reduce the volatility of oil and natural gas prices
 which
some legislators attributed to speculative trading in derivatives and commodity instruments related to oil and natural gas. Our
revenues could therefore be adversely affected if a consequence of the legislation and regulations is to lower commodity prices.
Any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business
 our financial condition
 and our results of operations.

Our net operating loss carryforwards
may be limited under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code by certain changes in the ownership of our company.


loss (&ldquo;NOL&rdquo;) carryforwards that we may use to offset against taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. At
December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 we had an estimated NOL carryforward of approximately $28.1&nbsp;million for United States federal
tax return purposes. However
 Section&nbsp;382 of the Internal Revenue Code of&nbsp;1986
 as amended
 may limit the NOLs that we
may use in any year for U.S.&nbsp;federal income tax purposes in the event of certain changes in ownership of our company. Any
limitation on our ability to use NOLs could
 depending on the extent of such limitation
 result in higher U.S. federal income taxes
being paid (and therefore a reduction in cash) than if such NOLs were available as an offset against such income for U.S.&nbsp;federal
income tax reporting purposes. In addition
 if the limitation under Section&nbsp;382 is triggered
 it could result in a significant
charge to earnings in the period in which it is triggered.


    
    

Certain
of our undeveloped leasehold acreage is subject to leases that will expire over the next several years unless production is established
or operations are commenced on units containing the acreage or the leases are extended.


portion of our acreage is not currently held by production or held by operations. Unless production in paying quantities is
established or operations are commenced on units containing these leases during their terms
 the leases will expire. If our
leases expire and we are unable to renew the leases
 we will lose our right to participate in the development of the related
properties. Drilling plans for these areas are generally in the discretion of third party operators and are subject to change
based on various factors that are beyond our control
 such as: the availability and cost of capital
 equipment
 services and
personnel; seasonal conditions; regulatory and third party approvals; oil
 NGL and natural gas prices; results of title work;
gathering system and other transportation constraints; drilling costs and results; and production costs. As of
December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 we estimate that we had leases that were not developed that represented 1
104&nbsp;net acres
potentially expiring in 2015
 217 net acres potentially expiring in 2016
 433 net acres potentially expiring in 2017 and
1
952&nbsp;net acres potentially expiring in 2018 and beyond.

Seasonal
weather conditions adversely affect operators&rsquo; ability to conduct drilling activities in the areas where our properties are
located.


weather conditions can limit drilling and producing activities and other operations in our operating areas and as a result
 a majority
of the drilling on our properties is generally performed during the summer and fall months. These seasonal constraints can pose
challenges for meeting well drilling objectives and increase competition for equipment
 supplies and personnel during the summer
and fall months
 which could lead to shortages and increase costs or delay operations. Additionally
 many municipalities impose
weight restrictions on the paved roads that lead to jobsites due to the muddy conditions caused by spring thaws. This could limit
access to jobsites and operators&rsquo; ability to service wells in these areas.

Significant
capital expenditures are required to develop our properties and replace our reserves.


exploration
 development and acquisition activities require substantial capital expenditures. Historically
 we have funded our
capital expenditures through a combination of cash flow from operations
 our credit facility
 debt issuances
 and equity issuances.
We have also engaged in asset sales from time to time. If our access to capital were limited due to numerous factors
 which could
include a decrease in operating cash flow due to lower oil and natural gas prices or decreased production or deterioration of the
credit and capital markets
 we would have a reduced ability to replace our reserves. We may not be able to incur additional bank
debt
 issue debt or equity
 engage in asset sales or access other methods of financing on acceptable terms to develop our properties
and/or meet our reserve replacement requirements.


amount available for borrowing under our credit facility is subject to a borrowing base which is determined by our lenders
 at
their discretion
 taking into account our estimated proved reserves and is subject to periodic redeterminations based on pricing
models determined by the lenders at such time. The decline in oil and natural gas prices in the latter half of 2014 adversely impacted
the value of our estimated proved reserves and
 in turn
 the market values used by our lenders to determine our borrowing base.
Oil and natural gas prices have fallen significantly since their early third quarter 2014 levels. For example
 oil prices declined
50% from over $105&nbsp;per Bbl in the latter part of July to near $53&nbsp;per Bbl on December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 and natural
gas prices have declined 25% from over $3.85&nbsp;per&nbsp;Mcf to below $2.89&nbsp;per&nbsp;Mcf over the same period. In addition
the actual and forecasted prices for 2015 have also declined since year-end. If commodity prices (particularly oil prices) remain
at these levels
 it will have an adverse effect on our reserves and borrowing base and reduce our ability to replace our reserves.


    
    

The development
of our proved undeveloped reserves in the Williston Basin and other areas of operation may take longer and may require higher levels
of capital expenditures than we currently anticipate. Therefore
 our undeveloped reserves may not be ultimately developed or produced.


62% of our estimated net barrel of oil equivalents of proved reserves were classified as proved undeveloped as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014.
Development of these reserves may take longer and require higher levels of capital expenditures than we currently anticipate.
Delays in the development of our reserves or increases in costs to drill and develop such reserves will reduce the PV-10 value
of our estimated proved undeveloped reserves and future net revenues estimated for such reserves and may result in some projects
becoming uneconomic. In addition
 delays in the development of reserves could cause us to have to reclassify our proved reserves
as unproved reserves.

The inability
of one or more of our operating partners to meet their obligations to us may adversely affect our financial results.


principal exposures to credit risk are through receivables resulting from the sale of our oil and natural gas production ($4.1&nbsp;million
in receivables at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014)
 which operating partners market on our behalf to energy marketing companies
 refineries
and their affiliates.


are subject to credit risk due to the concentration of our oil and natural gas receivables with a limited number of operating partners.
This concentration may impact our overall credit risk since these entities may be similarly affected by changes in economic and
other conditions. The inability or failure of our operating partners to meet their obligations to us or their insolvency or liquidation
may adversely affect our financial results.



Crude oil and natural gas prices
are very volatile. A protracted period of depressed crude oil and natural gas prices may adversely affect our business
 financial
condition
 results of operations and cash flows.


gas markets are very volatile
 and we cannot predict future crude oil and natural gas prices. The price we receive for our crude
oil and natural gas production heavily influences our revenue
 profitability
 access to capital and future rate of growth. The
prices we receive for our production and the levels of our production depend on numerous factors beyond our control. These factors
include
 but are not limited to
 the following:







the price and quantity of imports of foreign crude oil and natural
gas;

competitive measures implemented by our competitors and by domestic
and foreign governmental bodies;

political conditions in nations that traditionally produce and export
significant quantities of crude oil and natural gas (including military and other conflicts in the Middle East and surrounding
geographic region) and regulations and tariffs imposed by exporting and importing nations;



the level of global crude oil and natural gas exploration and production
activity;









proximity and capacity of crude oil and natural gas pipelines and
other transportation facilities;

the price and availability of competitors&rsquo; supplies of crude
oil and natural gas in captive market areas; and

the price and availability of alternative fuels to replace or compete
with crude oil and natural gas





    
    
The
recent drop in oil and gas prices has reduced the availability of liquidity and credit to fund the continuation and expansion
in the oil and gas industry. Lower crude oil and natural gas prices may not only decrease our revenues on a per unit basis but
also may reduce the amount of crude oil and natural gas that we can produce economically
 potentially lowering our reserves. A
substantial or extended decline in crude oil or natural gas prices may result in impairments of our proved crude oil and natural
gas properties and may materially and adversely affect our future business
 financial condition
 results of operations
 liquidity
or ability to finance planned capital expenditures. To the extent commodity prices received from production are insufficient to
fund planned capital expenditures; we will be required to reduce spending or borrow to cover any such shortfall. Lower crude oil
and natural gas prices may also reduce our ability to borrow or obtain credit to finance our operations.

Insufficient
transportation or refining capacity in the Williston Basin could cause significant fluctuations in our realized oil and natural
gas prices.


Williston Basin crude oil business environment has historically been characterized by periods when oil production has surpassed
local transportation and refining capacity
 resulting in substantial discounts in the price received for crude oil versus prices
quoted for WTI crude oil. Although additional Williston Basin transportation takeaway capacity has been added over the last several
years
 production also increased substantially during the same period. The increased production coupled with delays in rail car
arrivals and commissioning of rail loading facilities has caused price differentials to significantly increase at times.

Crude oil
from the Bakken/Three Forks formations may pose unique hazards that may have an adverse effect on our operations.


U.S. Department of Transportation (&ldquo;USDOT&rdquo;) recently concluded that crude oil from the Bakken/Three Forks formations
has a higher volatility than most other U.S. crude oil and thus is more ignitable and flammable. Based on that information
 and
several fires involving rail transportation of crude oil
 USDOT has started a rulemaking process to develop new requirements for
shipping crude oil by rail. In addition
 the rail industry has adopted increased precautions for crude shipments. Any new restrictions
that significantly affect transportation of crude oil production could materially and adversely affect our financial condition
results of operations and cash flows.

Market conditions
or operational impediments may hinder our access to oil and natural gas markets or delay our production.


the unavailability of satisfactory oil and natural gas transportation arrangements may hinder our access to oil and natural gas
markets or delay our production. The availability of a ready market for our oil and natural gas production depends on a number
of factors
 including the demand for and supply of oil and natural gas and the proximity of reserves to pipelines and terminal
facilities. Our ability to market our production depends
 in substantial part
 on the availability and capacity of gathering systems
pipelines and processing facilities owned and operated by third-parties. Our failure to obtain such services on acceptable terms
could materially harm our business. We may be required to shut in wells due to lack of a market or inadequacy or unavailability
of crude oil or natural gas pipelines or gathering system capacity. If our production becomes shut-in for any of these or other
reasons
 we would be unable to realize revenue from those wells until other arrangements were made to deliver the products to market.


    
    


Drilling
for and producing oil
 natural gas and NGLs are high risk activities with many uncertainties that could adversely affect our financial
condition or results of operations.


operators&rsquo; drilling activities are subject to many risks
 including the risk that they will not discover commercially productive
reservoirs. Drilling for oil or natural gas can be uneconomical
 not only from dry holes
 but also from productive wells that do
not produce sufficient revenues to be commercially viable. In addition
 drilling and producing operations on our acreage may be
curtailed
 delayed or canceled by our operators as a result of other factors
 including:



the high cost
 shortages or delivery delays of equipment and services;

shortages of or delays in obtaining water for hydraulic fracturing
operations;





adverse weather conditions
 such as freezing temperatures and storms.













environmental hazards
 such as oil
 natural gas or well fluids spills
or releases
 pipeline or tank ruptures and discharges of toxic gas;



blowouts
 craterings and explosions;

uncontrollable flows of oil
 natural gas or well fluids; and





Any
of these events can cause substantial losses
 including personal injury or loss of life
 damage to or destruction of property
natural resources and equipment
 pollution
 environmental contamination
 loss of wells and regulatory penalties.


oil and gas wells
 we do not have sufficient control to manage these conditions
 and the risks from them cannot entirely be eliminated.
The presence of one or a combination of these factors at our properties could adversely affect our business
 financial condition
or results of operations.

We may not be able to develop crude
oil and natural gas reserves on an economically viable basis
 and our reserves and production may decline as a result.


our viability depends on our ability to find or acquire
 develop and commercially produce additional crude oil and natural gas
reserves. Even if we continue to succeed in discovering crude oil and/or natural gas reserves
 we cannot assure that these reserves
will be capable of production levels we project or in sufficient quantities to be commercially viable. Without the addition of
reserves through acquisition
 exploration or development activities
 our reserves and production will decline over time as reserves
are produced. Our future reserves will depend not only on our ability to develop then-existing properties
 but also on our ability
to identify and acquire additional suitable producing properties or prospects
 to find markets for the crude oil and natural gas
we develop and to effectively distribute our production into our markets. Future crude oil and natural gas exploration may involve
unprofitable efforts
 not only from dry wells
 but from wells that are productive but do not produce sufficient net revenues to
return a profit after drilling
 operating and other costs. There is no assurance that advanced technology in the oil and gas industry
such as three dimensional (3-D) seismic data and visualization techniques will result in the discovery of commercial quantities
of hydrocarbons. Completion of a well does not assure a profit on the investment or recovery of drilling
 completion and operating
costs. In addition
 drilling hazards or environmental damage could greatly increase the cost of operations
 and various field operating
conditions may adversely affect the production from successful wells. These conditions include delays in obtaining governmental
approvals or consents
 shut-downs of connected wells resulting from extreme weather conditions
 problems in storage and distribution
and adverse geological and mechanical conditions. As a non-operator of oil and gas wells
 we do not have sufficient control to
manage these conditions
 and the risks from them generally cannot entirely be eliminated. Therefore
 these conditions could diminish
our revenue and cash flow levels and result in the impairment of our crude oil and natural gas interests.


    
    

Estimates of crude oil and natural

Any material inaccuracies in these reserve estimates or underlying assumptions will materially affect the quantities and present
value of our reserves.


the amount of oil and natural gas recoverable from various formations involves significant complexity and uncertainty. No one can
measure underground accumulations of oil or natural gas in an exact way. Oil and natural gas reserve engineering requires subjective
estimates of underground accumulations of oil and/or natural gas and assumptions concerning future oil and natural gas prices
production levels
 and operating and development costs. Some of our reserve estimates are made without the benefit of a lengthy
production history
 and are less reliable than estimates based on a lengthy production history. As a result
 estimated quantities
of proved reserves and projections of future production rates and the timing of development expenditures may prove to be inaccurate.


routinely make estimates of oil and natural gas reserves in connection with managing our business and preparing reports to our
lenders and investors. We make these reserve estimates using various assumptions
 including assumptions as to oil and natural gas
prices
 drilling and operating expenses
 capital expenditures
 taxes and availability of funds. Some of these assumptions are inherently
subjective
 and the accuracy of our reserve estimates relies in part on the ability of our management team
 reserve engineers and
other advisors to make accurate assumptions. Any significant variance from these assumptions by actual figures could greatly affect
our estimates of reserves
 the economically recoverable quantities of oil
 natural gas and NGLs attributable to any particular
group of properties
 the classifications of reserves based on risk of recovery
 and estimates of the future net cash flows. Numerous
changes over time to the assumptions on which our reserve estimates are based
 as described above
 often result in the actual quantities
of oil
 natural gas and NGLs we ultimately recover being different from our reserve estimates. Any significant variance could materially
affect the estimated quantities and present value of reserves shown in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent reports we
file with the SEC. In addition
 we may adjust estimates of net proved reserves to reflect production history
 results of exploration
and development
 prevailing oil and natural gas prices and any other factors
 many of which are beyond our control.

Drilling new wells could result in
new liabilities
 which could endanger our interests in our properties and assets.


with the drilling of crude oil and natural gas wells
 including encountering unexpected formations or pressures
 premature declines
of reservoirs
 blow-outs
 craterings
 sour gas releases
 fires and spills
 among others. The occurrence of any of these events
could significantly increase our costs or reduce our revenues or cause substantial losses
 impairing our future operating results.
We may become subject to liability for pollution
 blow-outs or other hazards. We may seek to maintain insurance (including insurance
maintained by our industry operators) with respect to these hazards; however
 such insurance has limitations on liability that
may not be sufficient to cover the full extent of such liabilities. The payment of such liabilities could reduce the funds available
to us or could
 in an extreme case
 result in a total loss of our properties and assets. Moreover
 we may not be able to maintain
adequate insurance in the future at rates that are considered reasonable. Crude oil and natural gas production operations are also
subject to all the risks typically associated with such operations
 including premature decline of reservoirs and the invasion
of water into producing formations.

Decommissioning costs are unknown
and may be substantial
 and unplanned costs could divert resources from other projects.


for costs associated with abandoning and reclaiming wells
 facilities and pipelines which we use for production of crude oil and
natural gas reserves. Abandonment and reclamation of these facilities and the costs associated therewith is often referred to as
&ldquo;decommissioning.&rdquo; We accrue a liability for decommissioning costs associated with our wells
 but have not established
any cash reserve account for these potential costs in respect of any of our properties. If decommissioning is required before economic
depletion of our properties or if our estimates of the costs of decommissioning exceed the value of the reserves remaining to cover
such decommissioning costs
 we may have to draw on funds from other sources to satisfy such costs. The use of other funds to satisfy
such decommissioning costs could impair our ability to focus capital investment in other areas of our business.


    
    

Our operating partners may have difficulty
distributing our production
 which could harm our financial condition.


crude oil and natural gas that we are able to produce
 the operators of our wells may have to make arrangements for storage and
distribution to the market. We will rely on local infrastructure and the availability of transportation for storage and shipment
of our products
 but infrastructure development and storage and transportation facilities may be insufficient for our needs at
commercially acceptable terms in the localities in which we operate. This situation could be particularly problematic to the extent
that our operations are conducted in remote areas that are difficult to access
 such as areas that are distant from shipping and/or
pipeline facilities. These factors may affect our ability to explore and develop properties and to store and transport our crude
oil and natural gas production
 increasing our expenses. Furthermore
 weather conditions or natural disasters
 actions by companies
doing business in one or more of the areas in which we will operate
 or labor disputes may impair the distribution of crude oil
and/or natural gas and in turn diminish our financial condition or ability to maintain our operations.




oil production is transported to market centers by rail. In response to recent train derailments occurring in the United States
and Canada in 2013
 the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board issued a series of recommendations on January&nbsp;23
&nbsp;2014
aimed at addressing safety risks relating to the transportation of crude oil by rail.


(i) increased route planning for hazardous materials to avoid sensitive areas and population centers
 (ii) development and implementation
of a rail carrier audit program to determine whether rail carriers that transport petroleum products have properly considered and
implemented emergency response capabilities
 including response protocols for the discharge of the entire quantity of crude oil
on a train
 and (iii) a program designed to ensure that shippers and rail carriers are properly classifying hazardous material
cargo and that they have implemented appropriate safety and security procedures. On February&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2014
 the U.S. Department
of Transportation issued an emergency order mandating that any person offering crude oil into transportation comply with proper
testing
 classification
 and handling procedures. The NTSB has recommended that all tank cars used to carry crude oil be reinforced
to make them more resistant to punctures if trains derail. This recommendation has not yet been adopted by the Pipeline and Hazardous
Materials Safety Administration (&quot;PHMSA&quot;).


&nbsp;2014
PHMSA and the Federal Rail Administration issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking and companion Advanced Notice of Proposed Rulemaking
that propose
 among other things
 (i) enhanced tank car standards for certain trains carrying crude oil (and other flammable liquids)
and a requirement that older DOT 111 tank cars be phased out within two years if they are not retrofitted to comply with the new
tank car design standards and a classification and testing program for mined gases and liquids
 (ii) oil spill response plans for
crude-carrying trains
 and (iii) securement requirements for unattended rail cars carrying crude oil
 ethanol and other flammable
liquids and hazardous materials. The proposed rules are expected to be finalized in early 2015. Any requirement to retrofit and
upgrade existing rail tankers (DOT-111 or other models) could increase the cost and reduce the availability of rail transportation
of crude oil.


federal
 state
 provincial or local laws or regulations
 including any voluntary measures by the rail industry regarding railcar
design or crude oil and liquid hydrocarbon rail transport activities
 or efforts by local communities to restrict or limit rail
traffic involving crude oil
 could affect our business by increasing compliance costs and decreasing demand for our services
 which
could adversely affect our financial position and cash flows. Moreover
 any disruptions in the operations of railroads
 including
those due to shortages of railcars
 weather-related problems
 flooding
 drought
 accidents
 mechanical difficulties
 strikes
 lockouts
or bottlenecks
 could have a material adverse effect on our business.


    
    

Environmental risks may adversely
affect our business.


oil and natural gas business present environmental risks and hazards and are subject to environmental regulation pursuant to a
variety of federal
 state and municipal laws and regulations. Environmental legislation provides for
 among other things
 restrictions
and prohibitions on spills
 releases or emissions of various substances produced in association with crude oil and natural gas
operations. The legislation also requires that wells and facility sites be operated
 maintained
 abandoned and reclaimed to the
satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. Compliance with such legislation can require significant expenditures
 and a
breach may result in the imposition of fines and penalties
 some of which may be material.


is evolving in a manner we expect may result in stricter standards and enforcement
 larger fines and liability and potentially
increased capital expenditures and operating costs. The discharge of crude oil
 natural gas or other pollutants into the air
 soil
or water may give rise to liabilities to governments and third parties and may require us to incur costs to remedy such discharge.
The application of environmental laws to our business may cause us to curtail our production or increase the costs of our production
development or exploration activities.

Our business will suffer if we
 or
the operators of our properties
 cannot obtain or maintain necessary licenses.


licenses
 permits and in some cases renewals of licenses and permits from various governmental authorities. Our ability (or the
ability of our industry operators) to obtain
 sustain or renew such licenses and permits on acceptable terms is subject to change
in regulations and policies and to the discretion of the applicable governmental authorities
 among other factors. Our inability
or the inability of our industry operators
 to obtain
 or our loss of or denial of extension of
 any of these licenses or permits
could hamper our ability to produce revenues from our operations or otherwise materially adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations.

Challenges to our properties may
impact our financial condition.


and natural gas interests is often not capable of conclusive determination without incurring substantial expense. While we intend
to make appropriate inquiries into the title of properties and other development rights we acquire
 title defects may exist. In
addition
 we may be unable to obtain adequate insurance for title defects on a commercially reasonable basis or at all. If title
defects do exist
 it is possible that we may lose all or a portion of our right
 title and interests in and to the properties to
which the title defects relate. If our property rights are reduced
 our ability to conduct our exploration
 development and production
activities may be impaired. To mitigate title problems
 operators of the drilling units that we have an interest in follow common
industry practice of obtaining a title opinion from a qualified crude oil and natural gas attorney prior to the drilling operations
of a well.

We will rely on technology to conduct
our business
 and our technology could become ineffective or obsolete.


including geographic and seismic analysis techniques and economic models
 to develop our reserve estimates and to guide our acquisition
exploration
 development and production activities. We will be required to continually access enhanced and updated technology to
maintain our capability and to avoid obsolescence. The costs of doing so may be substantial and may be higher than the costs that
we anticipate for technology maintenance and development. If we are unable to maintain the technology available to us
 our ability
to manage our business and to compete may be impaired. Further
 even if we are able to maintain technical effectiveness
 such technology
may not be the most efficient means of reaching our objectives
 in which case we may incur higher operating costs than we would
were our technology more efficient.


    
    

Federal and state legislative and
regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing could result in increased costs and additional operating restrictions or
delays.


fracturing is used extensively by our third-party operating partners. The hydraulic fracturing process is typically regulated by
state oil and natural gas commissions. Hydraulic fracturing involves the injection of water
 sand and chemicals under pressure
into formations to fracture the surrounding rock and stimulate production. The Safe Drinking Water Act (the &ldquo;SDWA&rdquo;)
regulates the underground injection of substances through the Underground Injection Control (&ldquo;UIC&rdquo;) program. While
hydraulic fracturing generally is exempt from regulation under the UIC program
 the EPA has taken the position that hydraulic fracturing
with fluids containing diesel fuel is subject to regulation under the UIC program as &ldquo;Class II&rdquo; UIC wells. On October&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2011
the EPA announced its intention to propose federal Clean Water Act regulations governing wastewater discharges from hydraulic fracturing
and certain other natural gas operations. In addition
 the Department of Interior (&ldquo;DOI&rdquo;) published a revised proposed
rule on May&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2013 that would update existing regulation of hydraulic fracturing activities on Federal and Indian lands
including requirements for disclosure
 well bore integrity and handling of flowback water. The revised proposed rule was subject
to an extended 90-day public comment period
 which ended on August&nbsp;23
&nbsp;2013. To date
 no final rule has been issued.


EPA has commenced a study of the potential environmental impacts of hydraulic fracturing activities
 and a committee of the U.S.
House of Representatives is also conducting an investigation of hydraulic fracturing practices. The EPA issued a Progress Report
in December 2012. In March
 2013
 the EPA&rsquo;s Scientific Advisory Board (&ldquo;SAB&rdquo;) formed an ad hoc panel of experts
who are reviewing the Progress Report on the study. In August&nbsp;2014
 EPA announced that it planned to release the draft assessment
for public comment and peer review. As part of these studies
 both the EPA and the House committee have requested that certain
companies provide them with information concerning the chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process. These studies
 depending
on their results
 could spur initiatives to regulate hydraulic fracturing under the SDWA or otherwise. Congress has in recent legislative
sessions considered legislation to amend the SDWA
 including legislation that would repeal the exemption for hydraulic fracturing
from the definition of &ldquo;underground injection&rdquo; and require federal permitting and regulatory control of hydraulic fracturing
as well as legislative proposals to require disclosure of the chemical constituents of the fluids used in the fracturing process
were proposed in recent sessions of Congress. The U.S.&nbsp;Congress may consider similar SDWA legislation in the future.


August&nbsp;16
&nbsp;2012
 the EPA published final regulations under the Clean Air Act (&ldquo;CAA&rdquo;) that establish new air
emission controls for oil and natural gas production and natural gas processing operations. Specifically
 the EPA promulgated New
Source Performance Standards (&ldquo;NSPS&rdquo;) establishing emission limits for sulfur dioxide (SO2) and volatile organic compounds
(VOCs). The final rule requires a 95% reduction in VOCs emitted by mandating the use of reduced emission completions or &ldquo;green
completions&rdquo; on all hydraulically-fractured gas wells constructed or refractured after January&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2015. The rules
also establish new requirements regarding emissions from compressors
 controllers
 dehydrators
 storage tanks and other production
equipment. In response to numerous requests for reconsideration of these rules from both industry and the environmental community
and court challenges to the final rules
 the EPA announced its intention to issue revised rules in 2013. The EPA published revised
portions of these rules on September&nbsp;23
&nbsp;2013 for VOC emissions for production oil and gas storage tanks
 in part phasing
in emissions controls on storage tanks past October&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2013. On December&nbsp;19
&nbsp;2014
 the EPA published updates
to its NSPS for the oil and gas industry.


addition
 several state and local governments are considering or have adopted legislative or regulatory restrictions on hydraulic
fracturing through additional permit requirements
 operational restrictions
 and temporary or permanent bans on hydraulic fracturing
in certain environmentally sensitive areas such as watersheds. For example
 Montana and North Dakota have both adopted regulations
recently requiring the disclosure of all fluids
 additives
 and chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process. And
 in 2014
North Dakota adopted new requirements aimed at capturing gas and reducing flaring.


number of lawsuits and enforcement actions have been initiated across the country alleging that hydraulic fracturing practices
have adversely impacted drinking water supplies
 use of surface water
 and the environment generally. If new laws or regulations
that significantly restrict hydraulic fracturing
 such as amendments to the SDWA
 are adopted
 such laws could make it more costly
for us and difficult for our third party operating partners to perform fracturing to stimulate production from tight formations
as well as make it easier for third parties opposing the hydraulic fracturing process to initiate legal proceedings based on allegations
that specific chemicals used in the fracturing process could adversely affect groundwater. In addition
 if hydraulic fracturing
is further regulated at the federal or state level
 our third-party operating partners fracturing activities could become subject
to additional permitting and financial assurance requirements
 more stringent construction specifications
 increased monitoring
reporting and recordkeeping obligations
 plugging and abandonment requirements and also to attendant permitting delays and potential
increases in costs.


    
    
In
March of 2015
 the Department of the Interior unveiled new regulations for hydraulic fracturing on federal lands. Any such federal
or state legislative or regulatory changes with respect to hydraulic fracturing could cause us to incur substantial compliance
costs or result in operational delays
 and the consequences of any failure to comply by us or our third-party operating partners
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Until such pending or threatened legislation
or regulations are finalized and implemented
 it is not possible to estimate their impact on our business.


of the above risks could impair our ability to manage our business and have a material adverse effect on our operations
 cash flows
and financial position.

Climate change legislation or regulations
restricting emissions of &ldquo;greenhouse gases&rdquo; could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the oil
and natural gas that we produce.


EPA has determined that emissions of certain &ldquo;greenhouse gases&rdquo; (&ldquo;GHG&rdquo;) present an endangerment to public
health and the environment because emissions of such gases are
 according to the EPA
 contributing to warming of the earth&rsquo;s
atmosphere and other climatic changes. Based on its findings
 the EPA has begun adopting and implementing regulations to restrict
emissions of greenhouse gases under existing provisions of the Clean Air Act (the &ldquo;CAA&rdquo;). On September&nbsp;22
&nbsp;2009
the EPA issued a final rule requiring the reporting of greenhouse gas emissions from specified large greenhouse gas emission sources
in the U.S. beginning in 2011 for emissions occurring in 2010. On November&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2010
 the EPA published a final rule expanding
its existing greenhouse gas emissions reporting rule to include certain petroleum and natural gas facilities
 which rule requires
data collection beginning in 2011 and reporting beginning in 2012. Our operating partners were required to report certain of their
greenhouse gas emissions under this rule by September&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012. On May&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2010
 the EPA also issued a &ldquo;tailoring&rdquo;
rule
 which makes certain large stationary sources and modification projects subject to permitting requirements for greenhouse
gas emissions under the CAA. On June&nbsp;23
&nbsp;2014
 the U.S. Supreme Court in 
held that the EPA&rsquo;s &ldquo;Tailoring Rule&rdquo; was invalid
 but held that if a source was subject to PSD or Title V based
on emissions of conventional pollutants like sulfur dioxide
 particulates
 nitrogen or dioxide
 carbon monoxide
 ozone and lead
then the EPA could also require the source to control GHGS and would have to install Best Available Control Technology to do so.
As a result
 a source no longer is required to meet PSD and Title&nbsp;V permitting requirements based solely on its GHG emissions.
On February&nbsp;23
&nbsp;2014
 Colorado became the first state in the nation to adopt rules to control methane emissions from
Colorado oil and gas facilities. Subsequently
 the Obama administration has approved rules that would require controls on methane
emissions from oil and gas facilities. In addition
 the EPA has continued to adopt GHG regulations of other industries
 such as
the September&nbsp;2013 proposed GHG rule that
 if finalized
 would set new source performance standards for new coal-fired and
natural gas-fired power plants. As a result of this continued regulatory focus
 future GHG regulations of the oil and gas industry
remain a possibility.


addition
 the U.S.&nbsp;Congress has from time to time considered adopting legislation to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases
though it is yet to do so
 and almost one-half of the states have already taken legal measures to reduce emissions of greenhouse
gases primarily through the planned development of greenhouse gas emission inventories and/or regional greenhouse gas cap and trade
programs. Most of these cap and trade programs work by requiring major sources of emissions
 such as electric power plants or major
producers of fuels
 such as refineries and gas processing plants
 to acquire and surrender emission allowances that correspond
to their annual emissions of GHGs. The number of allowances available for purchase is reduced each year in an effort to achieve
the overall GHG reduction goal. As the number of GHG emission allowances declines each year
 the cost or value of such allowances
is expected to escalate significantly. The adoption of legislation or regulatory programs to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases
could require our third-party operating partners
 and indirectly us
 to incur increased operating costs
 such as costs to purchase
and operate emissions control systems
 to acquire emissions allowances or comply with new regulatory or reporting requirements.
Any such legislation or regulatory programs could also increase the cost of consuming
 and thereby reduce demand for
 the oil and
natural gas produced by our operational interests. Consequently
 legislation and regulatory programs to reduce emissions of greenhouse
gases could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


of GHG emissions could also result in reduced demand for our production
 as oil and natural gas consumers seek to reduce their
own GHG emissions. Any regulation of GHG emissions
 including through a cap-and-trade system
 technology mandate
 emissions tax
reporting requirement or other program
 could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial
condition. In addition
 to the extent climate change results in more severe weather and significant physical effects
 such as increased
frequency and severity of storms
 floods
 droughts and other climatic effects
 our own
 our third-party operating partners or our
customers' operations may be disrupted
 which could result in a decrease in our available products or reduce our customers' demand
for our products.


    
    


there have been various legislative and regulatory proposals at the federal and state levels to provide incentives and subsidies
to (i) shift more power generation to renewable energy sources and (ii) support technological advances to drive less energy consumption.
These incentives and subsidies could have a negative impact on oil
 natural gas and NGL consumption.


of the above risks could impair our ability to manage our business and have a material adverse effect on our operations
 cash flows
and financial position.



The market price of our common stock
is
 and is likely to continue to be
 highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations.


our common stock is likely to continue to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a number
of factors
 some of which are beyond our control
 including but not limited to:



dilution caused by our issuance of additional shares of common stock
and other forms of equity securities
 which we expect to make in connection with future capital financings to fund our operations
and growth
 to attract and retain valuable personnel and in connection with future strategic partnerships with other companies;

announcements of new acquisitions
 reserve discoveries or other business
initiatives by us or our competitors;

our ability to take advantage of new acquisitions
 reserve discoveries
or other business initiatives;

fluctuations in revenue from our crude oil and natural gas business
as new reserves come to market;

changes in the market for crude oil and natural gas commodities and/or
in the capital markets generally;

changes in the demand for crude oil and natural gas
 including changes
resulting from economic conditions
 governmental regulation or the introduction or expansion of alternative fuels;



changes in the valuation of similarly situated companies
 both in
our industry and in other industries;





changes in analysts&rsquo; estimates affecting our company
 our competitors
and/or our industry;

changes in the accounting methods used in or otherwise affecting our
industry;



announcements of technological innovations or new products available
to the crude oil and natural gas industry;

announcements by relevant governments pertaining to incentives for
alternative energy development programs;

fluctuations in interest rates and the availability of capital in
the capital markets; and




significant sales of our common stock
 including sales by selling
shareholders following the registration of shares under a prospectus.




are largely beyond our control
 and the impact of these risks
 singly or in the aggregate
 may result in material adverse changes
to the market price of our common stock and our results of operations and financial condition.


    
    

Our operating results may fluctuate
significantly
 and these fluctuations may cause the price of our common stock to decline.


will likely vary in the future primarily as the result of fluctuations in our revenues and operating expenses
 including the expenses
that we incur
 the prices of crude oil and natural gas in the commodities markets and other factors. If our results of operations
do not meet the expectations of current or potential investors
 the price of our common stock may decline.

Shareholders will experience dilution
upon the exercise of outstanding warrants and options and issuance of common stock under our incentive plans.


&nbsp;2014
we had options for 7
208
834 shares of common stock outstanding under our 2012&nbsp;Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan.
Our 2012&nbsp;Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan permits us to issue up to 7
500
000 shares of our common stock either upon
exercise of stock options granted under such plan or through restricted stock awards under such plan. If the holders of outstanding
options exercise those options or our compensation committee or full board of directors determines to grant additional stock awards
under our incentive plan
 shareholders may experience dilution in the net tangible book value of our common stock. In addition
9
133
375&nbsp;shares of our common stock may be issued upon the exercise of warrants. If the holders of the outstanding warrants
exercise their warrants
 shareholders may experience dilution in the net tangible book value of our common stock. Further
 the
sale or availability for sale of the underlying shares in the marketplace as a result of the exercise of existing options
 the
grant of additional options
 and the exercise of the warrants could depress our stock price.

We do not expect to pay dividends
in the foreseeable future.


declare dividends for the foreseeable future
 as we anticipate that we will reinvest any future earnings in the development and
growth of our business. In addition
 our current Credit Facilities
 and other debt arrangements we may enter into in the future
precludes us from paying dividends. Therefore
 investors will not receive any funds unless they sell their common stock
 and shareholders
may be unable to sell their shares on favorable terms or at all. Investors cannot be assured of a positive return on investment
or that they will not lose the entire amount of their investment in our common stock.

We may issue additional stock without
shareholder consent.


has authority
 without action or vote of the shareholders
 to issue all or part of our authorized but unissued shares. Additional
shares may be issued in connection with future financing
 acquisitions
 employee stock plans
 or otherwise. Any such issuance will
dilute the percentage ownership of existing shareholders. We are also currently authorized to issue up to 20
000
000&nbsp;shares
of preferred stock. The board of directors can issue preferred stock in one or more series and fix the terms of such stock without
shareholder approval. Preferred stock may include the right to vote as a series on particular matters
 preferences as to dividends
and liquidation
 conversion and redemption rights and sinking fund provisions. The issuance of preferred stock could adversely
affect the rights of the holders of common stock and reduce the value of the common stock. In addition
 specific rights granted
to holders of preferred stock could discourage
 delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company
 even
if doing so would benefit our shareholders. Such issuance could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you
and other shareholders to elect directors of your choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions you desire.


    
    

There is currently a limited trading
market for our common stock and we cannot ensure that one will ever develop or be sustained.


been a significant liquid trading market for our common stock. We cannot predict how liquid the market for our common stock might
become. We currently do not satisfy the initial listing standards for any major securities exchange
 although we intend to apply
for such an exchange listing when we are able. Currently our common stock is traded on the OTCQB. Should we fail to remain traded
on the OTCQB or not be able to be traded on the OTCQB
 the trading price of our common stock could suffer
 the trading market for
our common stock may be less liquid and our common stock price may be subject to increased volatility. Furthermore
 for companies
whose securities are quoted on the OTCQB
 it may be more difficult (i) to obtain accurate quotations
 (ii) to obtain coverage for
significant news events because major wire services generally do not publish press releases about such companies and (iii) to obtain
needed capital.

Offers or availability for sale of
a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline.


sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market
 or upon the expiration of any statutory holding period under
Rule&nbsp;144
 or issued upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants
 it could create a circumstance commonly referred
to as an &ldquo;overhang&rdquo; and in anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence of
an overhang
 whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring
 also could hinder our ability to raise additional financing through
the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate.

If we undergo a reverse split of
our common stock
 which our Board and shareholders have currently approved that we do subject to the Board&rsquo;s determination
of the ratio of up to 1:10
 the value of our common stock may be less than the market value of the common stock before the split
multiplied by the split ratio.


information statement
 filed with the SEC on March&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2012
 our Board and shareholders have approved a reverse split
of up to 1:10; we may in the future undergo a reverse stock split. After completion of such a reverse split
 the post-split market
price of our common stock may be less than the pre-split price multiplied by the split ratio. In addition
 a reduction in the shares
available in the public float may impair the liquidity in the market for our common stock which may reduce the value of our common
stock. There is no assurance that the reverse stock split will allow us to meet the listing requirements of a national exchange.
If we issue additional shares in the future
 it will likely result in the dilution of our existing stockholders.












are located at 10275&nbsp;Wayzata Boulevard
 Suite&nbsp;100
 Minnetonka
 Minnesota&nbsp;55305. We lease 2
813&nbsp;square feet
pursuant to a month-to-month lease agreement that commenced on May&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2012 and was amended effective November&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2013.
In accordance with this lease
 our lease term remains on a month-to-month basis
 provided that either party may provide 90 day
notice to terminate the lease
 with base rents of $2
110&nbsp;per month
 plus common area operations and maintenance charges
 and
monthly parking fees of $240 per month
 for the period from November&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2013 to October&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 and increases
of $117 per month beginning November&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2014 and each of the subsequent three year periods. The owner of the building
in which we are located is a company wholly owned by our chairman of the board of directors.


    
    




&nbsp;2014
the Company controls approximately 10
000&nbsp;net acres all in the Bakken and Three Forks trends in North Dakota and Montana.
The leases we control have an initial minimum term of three years.




summarizes our estimated gross and net developed and undeveloped acreage by state at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014. Net acreage represents
our percentage ownership of gross acreage.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
30
858
6
065
9
107
3
594
39
965
9
659

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
31
618
6
262
9
235
3
706
40
853
9
968





 we acquired
leasehold interests covering an aggregate of approximately 374 net mineral acres in our key prospect areas.




 we sold leasehold
interests covering an aggregate of approximately 502&nbsp;net mineral acres and rights to individual wellbores for total proceeds
of $1
360
920 for an average selling price of $2
709&nbsp;per net acre. The proceeds of the sales were applied to reduce the capitalized
costs of oil and gas properties.




sets forth the number of gross and net undeveloped acres as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 that will expire over the next three
fiscal years and thereafter unless production is established within the spacing units covering the acreage prior to the expiration
dates:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
3
916
1
104
2
107
    
    
    
2
244
1
952

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
3
916
1
104
2
235
    
    
    
2
244
1
952



acreage leases that expire in 2015
 2016 and 2017
 there are 268&nbsp;acres
 112&nbsp;acres and -0-&nbsp;acres
 respectively
 in
which we have options to extend the lease.


 we had leases
encompassing 4
202&nbsp;net acres expire with carrying costs of approximately $6.2&nbsp;million that have been transferred to
the full cost pool subject to depletion. Of the leases encompassing 1
104&nbsp;net acres expiring in 2015
 we estimate that all
of those net acres with carrying costs of approximately $1.9&nbsp;million will expire prior to the commencement of production
activities. The carrying costs of the leases we estimate will expire in 2015 have also been transferred to the full cost pool
and are subject to depletion. We do not believe the acreage expirations are material to our operating plan in future periods.


    
    




summarizes gross and net productive oil wells by state at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013. A net well represents our
percentage ownership of a gross well. The Company purchased or participated in the completion of 94 gross (3.01 net) wells in the
period ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and participated in the completion of 87 gross (2.57 net) wells in the period ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013.
The Company had no dry wells drilled in either the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 or&nbsp;2013. The following table does
not include wells in which our interest is limited to overriding royalty interests. The following table also does not include wells
which were awaiting completion
 in the process of completion or awaiting flow back subsequent to fracture stimulation.



    

 2014

 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





summarizes gross and net exploratory wells as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013. The wells are at various stages of
completion and the costs incurred are included in unevaluated oil and gas properties on our balance sheet.



    

 2014

 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





performing any significant product research and development under our plan of operation.




have any delivery commitments for product obtained from our wells.






    
    

Drilling and Other Exploratory and Development
Activities




presents information about our produced oil and gas volumes during the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 respectively.
As of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013 we were selling oil and natural gas from a total of 247&nbsp;gross wells (approximately
7.88&nbsp;net wells) and 153&nbsp;gross wells (approximately 4.87&nbsp;net wells)
 respectively. All data presented below is derived
from accrued revenue and production volumes for the relevant period indicated.



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
256
256
99
979

    
213
141
52
973

    
291
780
108
808

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of derivatives
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





recent reserve calculations as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014.


reserve report is outlined in our Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section&nbsp;404 internal control procedures. Our procedures require that
our reserve report be prepared by a third-party registered independent engineering firm at the end of every year based on information
we provide to such engineer. For our year-end reports we utilized a contracted internal reserve engineer to aid in the preparation
of our reserve estimates. Our internal reserve engineer holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Petroleum and Natural Gas Engineering
from Pennsylvania State University and has over 35&nbsp;years of experience in North America and International exploration and
production activities. We accumulate historical production data for our wells
 calculate historical lease operating expenses and
differentials
 update working interests and net revenue interests
 obtain updated authorizations for expenditure (&ldquo;AFEs&rdquo;)
from our operations department and obtain geological and geophysical information from operators. This data is forwarded to our
third-party engineering firm for review and calculation. Our Chief Executive Officer provides a final review of our reserve report
and the assumptions relied upon in such report.


    
    

We
have utilized Netherland
Associates
&nbsp;Inc. (&ldquo;NSAI&rdquo;)
an independent reservoir engineering firm
 as our third-party engineering firm with the preparation of our December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
reserve report. The selection of NSAI was approved by our Audit Committee. NSAI is a worldwide leader of petroleum property analysis
for industry and financial organizations and government agencies. NSAI was founded in 1961 and performs consulting petroleum engineering
services under Texas Board of Professional Engineers Registration No.&nbsp;F-2699. Within NSAI
 the technical persons primarily
responsible for preparing the estimates set forth in the NSAI reserves report incorporated herein are Mr.&nbsp;Dan Paul Smith and
Mr.&nbsp;John Hattner. Mr.&nbsp;Smith has been practicing consulting petroleum engineering at NSAI since 1980. Mr. Smith is a Licensed
Professional Engineer in the State of Texas (License No.&nbsp;49093) and has over 30 years of practical experience in petroleum
engineering and in the estimation and evaluation of reserves. He graduated from Mississippi State University in 1973 with a Bachelor
of Science Degree in Petroleum Engineering. Mr. Hattner has been practicing consulting petroleum geology at NSAI since 1991. Mr.&nbsp;Hattner
is a Licensed Professional Geoscientist in the State of Texas
 Geology
 (License No.&nbsp;559) and has over 30 years of practical
experience in petroleum geosciences
 with over 20 years of experience in the estimation and evaluation of reserves. He graduated
from University of Miami
 Florida
 in 1976 with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Geology; from Florida State University in 1980
with a Master of Science Degree in Geological Oceanography; and from Saint Mary's College of California in 1989 with a Master of
Business Administration Degree. Both technical principals meet or exceed the education
 training
 and experience requirements set
forth in the Standards Pertaining to the Estimating and Auditing of Oil and Gas Reserves Information promulgated by the Society
of Petroleum Engineers; both are proficient in judiciously applying industry standard practices to engineering and geoscience evaluations
as well as applying SEC and other industry reserves definitions and guidelines.


tables below summarize our estimated proved reserves as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 based upon reports prepared by NSAI. The
reports of our estimated proved reserves in their entirety are based on the information we provide to them.


applicable requirements of the SEC
 estimates of our net proved reserves and future net revenues are made using average prices
at the beginning of each month in the 12-month period prior to the date of such reserve estimates and are held constant throughout
the life of the properties (except to the extent a contract specifically provides for escalation).


in the NSAI report for the properties are estimated by performance methods or analogy. In general
 reserves attributable to producing
wells and/or reservoirs are estimated by performance methods such as decline curve analysis which utilizes extrapolations of historical
production data. Reserves attributable to non-producing and undeveloped reserves included in our report are estimated by analogy.
The estimates of the reserves
 future production

software package PHDWin Petroleum Economic Evaluation Software
 a copyrighted program of TRC&nbsp;Consultants
&nbsp;L.C.

To
estimate economically recoverable crude oil and natural gas reserves and related future net cash flows
 we consider many factors
and assumptions including
 but not limited to
 the use of reservoir parameters derived from geological
 geophysical and engineering
data which cannot be measured directly
 economic criteria based on current costs and SEC pricing requirements
 and forecasts of
future of production rates. Under the SEC regulations 210.4-10(a)(22)(v) and (26)
 proved reserves must be demonstrated to be
economically producible based on existing economic conditions including the prices and costs at which economic producibility from
a reservoir is to be determined as of the effective date of the report. With respect to the property interests we own
 production
and well tests from examined wells
 normal direct costs of operating the wells or leases
 other costs such as transportation and/or
processing fees
 production taxes
 recompletion and development costs and product prices are based on the SEC regulations
 geological
maps
 well logs
 core analyses
 and pressure measurements.


forth in the NSAI report represents only estimates
 and should not be construed as being exact quantities. They may or may not
be actually recovered
 and if recovered
 the actual revenues and costs could be more or less than the estimated amounts. Moreover
estimates of reserves may increase or decrease as a result of future operations.


    
    


is a subjective process of estimating underground accumulations of crude oil and natural gas that cannot be measured in an exact
manner. There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating crude oil and natural gas reserves and their estimated values
including many factors beyond our control. The accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data
and of engineering and geologic interpretation and judgment. As a result
 estimates of different engineers
 including those used
by us
 may vary. In addition
 estimates of reserves are subject to revision based upon actual production
 results of future development
and exploration activities
 prevailing crude oil and natural gas prices
 operating costs and other factors. The revisions may be
material. Accordingly
 reserve estimates are often different from the quantities of crude oil and natural gas that are ultimately
recovered and are highly dependent upon the accuracy of the assumptions upon which they are based. Our estimated net proved reserves
included in our SEC filings
 have not been filed with or included in reports to any other federal agency.


proved undeveloped reserves will continue to be converted to proved developed producing reserves as additional wells are drilled
within our acreage. We began conducting oil and gas operations in&nbsp;2011
 at which point we first publicly disclosed our proved
undeveloped reserves. As such
 there are no PUD reserves on the books for more than five years from initial booking.



    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
688
300
1
276
466
1
901
044
58
938
700

    
111
215
86
610
125
650
4
743
100

    
2
998
416
1
983
691
3
329
032
36
652
900

    
4
797
931
3
346
767
5
355
726
100
334
700




    
    
The SEC Pricing Proved Reserves table above values crude oil and natural gas reserve quantities and related discounted future net cash flows as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 assuming a constant realized price of $83.26 per barrel of crude oil and a constant realized price of $7.10 per Mcf of natural gas. The values presented in both tables above were calculated by NSAI.

    
    
BOE are computed based on a conversion ratio of one BOE for each barrel of crude oil and one BOE for every 6
000 cubic feet (i.e.
 6&nbsp;Mcf) of natural gas.

    
    
Pre-tax PV10% may be considered a non-GAAP financial measure as defined by the SEC and is derived from the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows
 which is the most directly comparable standardized financial measure. Pre-tax PV10% is computed on the same basis as the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows but without deducting future income taxes. We believe Pre-tax PV10% is a useful measure for investors for evaluating the relative monetary significance of our crude oil and natural gas properties. We further believe investors may utilize our Pre-tax PV10% as a basis for comparison of the relative size and value of our reserves to other companies because many factors that are unique to each individual company impact the amount of future income taxes to be paid. Our management uses this measure when assessing the potential return on investment related to our crude oil and natural gas properties and acquisitions. However
 Pre-tax PV10% is not a substitute for the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows. Our Pre-tax PV10% and the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows do not purport to present the fair value of our crude oil and natural gas reserves. The pre-tax PV10% values of our Total Proved Properties in the tables above differ from the tables reconciling our pre-tax PV10% value on the following page of this Annual Report due to rounding differences in certain tables of NSAI&rsquo;s reserve report.



    
    


prices and costs discounted using an annual discount rate of 10% without future escalation
 without giving effect to non-property
related expenses such as general and administrative expenses
 debt service and depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 or federal
income taxes. The &ldquo;Pre-tax PV10%&rdquo; values of our proved reserves presented in the foregoing tables may be considered
a non-GAAP financial measure as defined by the SEC.


in estimating quantities of proved reserves
 including many risk factors beyond our control. Reserve engineering is a subjective
process of estimating subsurface accumulations of crude oil and natural gas that cannot be measured in an exact manner. As a result
estimates of proved reserves may vary depending upon the engineer valuing the reserves. Further
 our actual realized price for
our crude oil and natural gas is not likely to average the pricing parameters used to calculate our proved reserves. As such
 the
crude oil and natural gas quantities and the value of those commodities ultimately recovered from our properties will vary from
reserve estimates.


of our December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 reserve analysis
 our proved reserves increased approximately 18% from
 4
537
591 BOE at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013
to 5
355
726&nbsp;BOE at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 primarily due to acquisitions
 extensions
 discoveries
 and other additions
related to drilling activity in and adjacent to our Bakken/Three Forks acreage. We incurred approximately $29.0&nbsp;million of
capital expenditures for drilling activities and $3.2&nbsp;million for acreage and other expenditures during the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
all of which directly contributed to the increase in our proved developed reserves. No other expenditures materially contributed
to the development of proved developed reserves in&nbsp;2014. As of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 we had 3
329
032&nbsp;BOE of proved
undeveloped reserves
 which is a decrease of 172
488 BOE
 or 5%
 compared with 3
501
520&nbsp;BOE of proved undeveloped reserves
at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013. The decrease in proved undeveloped reserves is primarily due to acquisitions
 extensions
 discoveries
and other additions related to drilling activity in and adjacent to our Bakken/Three Forks acreage offset by Proved undeveloped
reserves that were developed and moved to proved producing reserves during the year. During 2014
 our progress toward converting
proved undeveloped reserves to proved developed reserves included the drilling and completion of 60&nbsp;gross&nbsp;(1.26 net)
undeveloped wells at a total estimated net capital cost of $11.3&nbsp;million.


 we had
a negative revision of 261
592 BOE
 or&nbsp;7%
 of our December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013 estimated proved undeveloped reserves balance.
The primary cause for these revisions related to wells that were non-economical due to lower oil prices. The following table details
the changes in the quantity of proved undeveloped reserves during the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


 2014
3
501
520

    
(261
592


 discoveries and other additions
644
851

    
(20
062

    
(535
685


 2014
3
329
032





is driven by many factors including certain exploration costs involved in the development of producing reserves
 production levels
and estimates of proved reserve quantities and future developmental costs. The following table presents our depletion expenses
for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013.



    



    
    
    

    
9
359
952
3
705
156



    
    




From
time to time
 we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business.
However
 litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to
time that may harm our business. We are not presently a party to any material litigation
 nor to the knowledge of management is
any litigation threatened against us
 which may materially affect us














    
    



ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S
COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
 AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES




on the OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;ANFC.&rdquo; The range of high and low bid information for each fiscal quarter during&nbsp;2014
and&nbsp;2013 are set forth below:



    
    

    
    
    


 2014
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2013
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail markup
 mark-down
 or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.
The closing price of our common stock on the OTCQB on March&nbsp;23
&nbsp;2015 was $0.27 per share.


&nbsp;2015
there were approximately 1
900 record holders of our common stock
 not including shares held in &ldquo;street name&rdquo; in brokerage
accounts which is unknown. As of March&nbsp;23
&nbsp;2015
 there were 47
979
990 shares of common stock outstanding on record.



We
have not declared or paid any dividends on our common stock since our inception and do not anticipate paying dividends for the
foreseeable future. The payment of dividends is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will depend
 among other
things
 upon our earnings
 our capital requirements
 our financial condition
 and other relevant factors. We intend to reinvest
any earnings in the development and expansion of our business. Any cash dividends in the future to common shareholders will be
payable when
 as and if declared by our board of directors
 based upon the board&rsquo;s assessment of our financial condition
and performance
 earnings
 need for funds
 capital requirements
 prior claims of preferred stock to the extent issued and outstanding
and other factors
 including income tax consequences
There
can be no assurance
 therefore
 that any dividends on our common stock will ever be paid.


    
    


Equity Compensation Plan
Information


&nbsp;2012
the 2012&nbsp;Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan was approved by our Board and the holders of a majority of our outstanding
shares
 replacing the Ante5
&nbsp;Inc. 2010&nbsp;Stock Incentive Plan. Amongst other things
 our 2012&nbsp;Amended and Restated
Stock Incentive Plan increased the number of shares reserved under the Plan to a total of 7
500
000 shares of our common stock.
The following table sets forth certain information regarding our 2012&nbsp;Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014:



    
    
    


208
834
    

166



ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 we issued a total of 632
500 and 2
657
500 stock options
 respectively
 pursuant
to our 2012&nbsp;Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan. There were 63
500 and 166
667 options cancelled during the years ended
December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 respectively.




ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 we issued a total of -0- and 5
000
000 warrants
 respectively
 to purchase shares
of registered or unregistered common stock. There were 330
000 and -0-&nbsp;warrants forfeited during the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
and&nbsp;2013
 respectively.




during the fiscal year ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 in transactions exempt from registration that were not previously included
in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed by us with the SEC.


ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL
DATA.







    
    

ITEM 7. &#9;MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes to those statements. In addition to historical information
the following discussion and other parts of this annual report contain forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties.




gas exploration and production company. Our properties are located in North Dakota and Montana. Our corporate strategy is the acquisition
exploration
 development and production of crude oil and natural gas properties
 primarily in the Bakken and Three Forks trends
in North Dakota and Montana. As of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 we controlled the rights to mineral leases covering approximately
10
000&nbsp;net acres for prospective drilling to the Bakken and/or Three Forks formations. Looking forward
 we are pursuing the
following objectives:



acquisition and drilling activities;






are the key drivers to our business performance:













&nbsp;2012
we changed our name to Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. Our common stock is still traded on the OTCQB under the trading symbol &ldquo;ANFC.&rdquo;



During
2014
 we achieved the following financial and operating results:







35% growth in the value of our SEC Pricing Proved Reserves as determined
by our independent reservoir engineering firm;

Purchased or participated in the completion of 94 gross (3.01 net)
wells;

Realized gains from hedges on our 2014 production of $0.5&nbsp;million
and had $7.8&nbsp;million of unrealized gains on the mark-to-market of hedges on 295&nbsp;thousand barrels of our future production

Ended the year with 2.83&nbsp;net wells preparing to drill
 drilling
awaiting completion
 or completing;

Realized an average selling price of $78.64 per barrel of oil sold
before the effect of settled derivatives
 as compared to $89.58 in 2013
 a decrease of 12.21%;

Ended the year with $12.4&nbsp;million of availability under our Credit
Facilities; and





    
    

Operationally
our 2014 performance reflects a year of successfully executing our strategy of developing our acreage position and building a long-life
reserve base. Our success enabled us to increase proved reserves by 0.8&nbsp;million BOE
 which is 2.8&nbsp;times our 2014 production.
During 2014
 production increased 168% to 291
780&nbsp;BOE as compared to 2013 production of 108
808&nbsp;BOE. The increase in
2014 production was driven by a 62% increase in net producing wells from 4.87&nbsp;net wells at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013 to
7.88&nbsp;net wells at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014.

Total
revenues from oil and gas sales increased 127% in 2014 compared to 2013 driven by the 168% increase in production and offset by
a decrease in average realized prices on a BOE basis
 before the effect of settled derivatives
 of 15.2% in 2014 compared to 2013.
Significant changes in crude oil and natural gas prices can have a material impact on our results of operations and our balance
sheet.




analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements
 which have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate our estimates
 including those related
to impairment of property
 plant and equipment
 intangible assets
 deferred tax assets and fair value computation using the Black
Scholes option pricing model. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
 such as the trading
value of our common stock and estimated future undiscounted cash flows
 that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily
apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe
that our estimates
 including those for the above-described items
 are reasonable.




consistent application of accounting policies is a vital component of accurately and fairly presenting our financial statements
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP)
 as well as ensuring compliance with applicable
laws and regulations governing financial reporting. While there are rarely alternative methods or rules from which to select in
establishing accounting and financial reporting policies
 proper application often involves significant judgment regarding a given
set of facts and circumstances and a complex series of decisions.




we use to account for our crude oil and natural gas investments determines what costs are capitalized and how these costs are ultimately
matched with revenues and expensed.


cost method of accounting to account for our crude oil and natural gas investments instead of the successful efforts method because
we believe it more accurately reflects the underlying economics of our programs to explore and develop crude oil and natural gas
reserves. The full cost method embraces the concept that dry holes and other expenditures that fail to add reserves are intrinsic
to the crude oil and natural gas exploration business. Thus
 under the full cost method
 all costs incurred in connection with
the acquisition
 development and exploration of crude oil and natural gas reserves are capitalized. These capitalized amounts include
the costs of unproved properties
 internal costs directly related to acquisitions
 development and exploration activities
 asset
retirement costs
 geological and geophysical costs and capitalized interest. Although some of these costs will ultimately result
in no additional reserves
 they are part of a program from which we expect the benefits of successful wells to more than offset
the costs of any unsuccessful ones. The full cost method differs from the successful efforts method of accounting for crude oil
and natural gas investments. The primary difference between these two methods is the treatment of exploratory dry hole costs. These
costs are generally expensed under the successful efforts method when it is determined that measurable reserves do not exist. Geological
and geophysical costs are also expensed under the successful efforts method. Under the full cost method
 both dry hole costs and
geological and geophysical costs are initially capitalized and classified as unproved properties pending determination of proved
reserves. If no proved reserves are discovered
 these costs are then amortized with all the costs in the full cost pool.


    
    


except unproved costs are depleted using the units of production method. The depletion expense per unit of production is the ratio
of the sum of our unamortized historical costs and estimated future development costs to our proved reserve volumes. Estimation
of hydrocarbon reserves relies on professional judgment and use of factors that cannot be precisely determined. Subsequent reserve
estimates materially different from those reported would change the depletion expense recognized during the future reporting periods.


costs in our full cost pool (net of depreciation
 depletion and amortization and related deferred taxes) exceed the sum of the
present value (using a 10% discount rate and based on period-end crude oil and natural gas prices) of the estimated future net
cash flows from our proved crude oil and natural gas reserves and the capitalized cost associated with our unproved properties
we would have a capitalized ceiling impairment. Such costs would be charged to operations as a reduction of the carrying value
of crude oil and natural gas properties. The risk that we will be required to write down the carrying value of our crude oil and
natural gas properties increases when crude oil and natural gas prices are depressed
 even if the low prices are temporary. In
addition
 capitalized ceiling impairment charges may occur if we experience poor drilling results or estimations of our proved
reserves are substantially reduced. A capitalized ceiling impairment is a reduction in earnings that does not impact cash flows
but does impact operating income and shareholders&rsquo; equity. Once recognized
 a capitalized ceiling impairment charge to crude
oil and natural gas properties cannot be reversed at a later date. The risk that we will experience a ceiling test impairment increases
when crude oil and natural gas prices are depressed or if we have substantial downward revisions in our estimated proved reserves.
During the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 we did not incur impairment pursuant to our ceiling test. No
assurance can be given that we will not experience capitalized ceiling impairment charges in future periods. In addition
 capitalized
ceiling impairment charges may occur if estimates of proved hydrocarbon reserves are substantially reduced or estimates of future
development costs increase significantly.




depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense as well as impairments that are recognized on our crude oil and natural gas properties
will be highly dependent on the estimates of the proved crude oil and natural gas reserves attributable to our properties. Our
estimate of proved reserves will be based on the quantities of crude oil and natural gas which geological and engineering data
demonstrate
 with reasonable certainty
 to be recoverable in the future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and
operating conditions. The accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data
 engineering and geological
interpretation
 and judgment. For example
 we must estimate the amount and timing of future operating costs
 production taxes and
development costs
 all of which may in fact vary considerably from actual results. In addition
 as the prices of crude oil and
natural gas and cost levels change from year to year
 the economics of producing our reserves may change and therefore the estimate
of proved reserves may also change. Any significant variance in these assumptions could materially affect the estimated quantity
and value of our reserves.


present value of the future net cash flows attributable to our proved crude oil and natural gas reserves are estimates only and
should not be construed as the current market value of the estimated crude oil and natural gas reserves attributable to our properties.
Thus
 such information includes revisions of certain reserve estimates attributable to our properties included in the prior year&rsquo;s
estimates. These revisions reflect additional information from subsequent activities
 production history of the properties involved
and any adjustments in the projected economic life of such properties resulting from changes in crude oil and natural gas prices.
Any future downward revisions could adversely affect our financial condition
 our borrowing ability
 our future prospects and the
value of our common stock.


proved crude oil and natural gas reserves used in the preparation of our financial statements are prepared by a registered independent
petroleum consultant in accordance with the rules promulgated by the SEC.


    
    




obligations to plug and abandon our crude oil and natural gas wells and related equipment. Liabilities for asset retirement obligations
are recorded at fair value in the period incurred. The related asset value is increased by the same amount. Asset retirement costs
included in the carrying amount of the related asset are subsequently allocated to expense as part of our depletion calculation.
Additionally
 increases in the discounted asset retirement liability resulting from the passage of time are reported as accretion
of discount on asset retirement obligations expense on our Statement of Operations.


retirement obligations requires us to make estimates and judgments regarding timing
 existence of a liability
 as well as what
constitutes adequate restoration. We use the present value of estimated cash flows related to our asset retirement obligations
to determine the fair value. Present value calculations inherently incorporate numerous assumptions and judgments
 which include
the ultimate retirement and restoration costs
 inflation factors
 credit adjusted discount rates
 timing of settlement
 and changes
in the legal
 regulatory
 environmental and political environments. To the extent future revisions to these assumptions impact
the present value of our existing asset retirement obligation liability
 a corresponding adjustment will be made to the carrying
cost of the related asset.




from the sale of the crude oil and natural gas from our interests in producing wells; hence our revenue recognition policy for
these sales is significant. We recognize revenue from the sale of crude oil and natural gas when production is delivered to
 and
title has transferred to
 the purchaser and to the extent the selling price is reasonably determinable. Settlements for hydrocarbon
sales can occur up to two months
 or more
 after the end of the month in which the crude oil
 natural gas or other hydrocarbon
products were produced. We estimate and accrue for the value of these sales using information available to us at the time our financial
statements are generated. Differences are reflected in the accounting period that payments are received from the operator.




to manage a portion of the market risks resulting from fluctuations in the prices of oil and natural gas. We may periodically enter
into derivative contracts
 including price swaps
 caps and floors
 which require payments to (or receipts from) counterparties
based on the differential between a fixed price and a variable price for a fixed quantity of oil or natural gas without the exchange
of underlying volumes. The notional amounts of these financial instruments are based on expected production from existing wells.
We have
 and may continue to use exchange traded futures contracts and option contracts to hedge the delivery price of oil at a
future date.


are carried at their fair value on the balance sheet and are marked-to-market at the end of each period. Any realized gains and
losses are recorded to gain (loss) on settled derivatives and unrealized gains or losses are recorded to (losses) gains on the
mark-to-market of derivative instruments on the statements of comprehensive income rather than as a component of accumulated other
comprehensive income.


flows from derivatives are reported as cash flows from operating activities.


    
    




are recognized for temporary differences in financial statement and tax basis amounts that will result in deductible amounts and
carry-forwards in future years. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for temporary differences that will result in taxable amounts
in future years. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax law and tax rate(s) for the year in which we
expect the temporary differences to be deducted or settled. The effect of a change in tax law or rates on the valuation of deferred
tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period of enactment. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance
when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized. Significant future taxable income would be required to realize this net tax asset.


of the valuation allowance is dependent on estimates of future taxable income
 alternative minimum tax income
 and changes in shareholder
ownership that would trigger limits on use of net operating losses under Internal Revenue Code Section 382.




investments
 accounts receivable and accounts payable are stated at cost which approximates fair value due to the short-term nature
of these instruments. In January&nbsp;2010
 the FASB issued an amendment to the accounting standards related to the disclosures
about an entity&rsquo;s use of fair value measurements. Among these amendments
 entities will be required to provide enhanced disclosures
about transfers into and out of the Level&nbsp;1 (fair value determined based on quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets and liabilities) and Level&nbsp;2 (fair value determined based on significant other observable inputs) classifications
provide separate disclosures about purchases
 sales
 issuances and settlements relating to the tabular reconciliation of beginning
and ending balances of the Level&nbsp;3 (fair value determined based on significant unobservable inputs) classification and provide
greater disaggregation for each class of assets and liabilities that use fair value measurements. We do not expect that the adoption
of this new standard will have a material impact to our financial statements.




accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 management utilizes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Our estimates of our proved crude oil and natural gas reserves
 future development costs
 estimates relating to certain crude oil
and natural gas revenues and expenses
 fair value of certain investments
 and deferred income taxes are or will be the most critical
to our financial statements.




    
    

Results of Operations for the Years
Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013.


summarizes selected items from the statement of operations for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013.



    



    
    
    

    
21
102
823
9
276
656

    
511
451
53
482

    
7
793
421
(213
676

    
29
407
695
9
116
462

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
705
763
1
145
686

    
2
203
501
1
015
907

    
2
891
641
2
299
757

    
9
359
952
3
705
156

    
22
361
9
019

    
29
138
24
001

    
17
212
356
8
199
526

    
    
    

    
12
195
339
916
936

    
    
    

    
(5
284
264
(2
018
446

    
    
    

    
6
911
075
(1
101
510

    
    
    

    
2
559
195
698
851

    
    
    

    
4
351
880
(402
659





102
823
in oil and gas sales for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 compared to oil and gas sales of $9
276
656 for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013
 an increase of $11
826
167
 or 127%. Our oil and gas sales are generated from the drilling and development
of producing wells. We had 7.88&nbsp;net producing wells as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 and an additional 2.83&nbsp;net wells
that were either in the drilling preparation
 drilling
 awaiting completion
 or completing stages
 compared to 4.87&nbsp;net producing
wells
 and an additional 1.36&nbsp;net wells that were either in the drilling preparation
 drilling
 awaiting completion
 or completing
stages as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013.


a lease for mineral rights from the State of North Dakota on February&nbsp;14
&nbsp;2012 for 110&nbsp;acres
 or an 8.7%&nbsp;working
interest in the Dahl Federal 2-15H well that spud on January&nbsp;6
&nbsp;2012. The acreage we purchased lies within the riverbed
of the Missouri River and there is currently third-party litigation ongoing in the State of North Dakota pertaining to the state&rsquo;s
ownership claim to similar riparian acreage. We have signed an AFE for the well and the operator has agreed to retroactively honor
the AFE if the state is successful in defending its ownership claim. As a result we have not capitalized any of the AFE costs or
recognized any sales from this well. The well started production on May&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2012. Had we recognized the revenue from
this well we would have recorded approximately an additional&nbsp;$230
000 and&nbsp;$451
000 in oil and gas sales for the years
ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013 respectively. In the event the state is not successful in defending its ownership
claim
 the state is required to refund the Company the cost to purchase the lease.


    
    




derivatives of $511
451 and $53
482 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 respectively.


derivative gain of $7
793
421 in 2014 and a mark-to-market derivative loss of $213
676 in 2013
 resulting in a net derivative asset
of $7
579
745 as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014.






were $2
705
763 and $1
145
686 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 respectively
 an increase of $1
560
077
or 136%. Our production expenses are greater in the comparative period due to our rapid expansion and increased acreage holdings.
Production expenses as a percentage of oil and gas sales increased from 12.4% in 2013 to 12.8% in 2014. On a per Boe basis
 production
expenses decreased from $10.53&nbsp;per&nbsp;Boe to $9.27&nbsp;per&nbsp;Boe
 primarily due to decreased water disposal costs and
workover and related expenses.




$2
203
501 and $1
015
907 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 respectively
 an increase of $1
187
594
or 117%. Production taxes are based on realized oil and gas sales. Production taxes represent 10.4% and 11.0% of oil and gas sales
respectively for 2014 and 2013
 the decrease driven by increased gas production
 which has a lower tax rate as a percentage
of our total sales.




expenses for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 were $2
891
641
 compared to $2
299
757 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013.
The increase for 2014 as compared to 2013 was $591
884
 or 26%
 and is primarily attributed to increased head count as staffing
has increased to accommodate our increased production. On a per unit basis
 general and administrative expenses decreased 53% from
$21.14 per BOE produced in 2013 to $9.91&nbsp;per&nbsp;Boe produced in 2014
 as our general and administrative costs
grew at a far slower rate than our production.




is driven by many factors
 including certain exploration costs involved in the development of producing reserves
 production levels
and estimates of proved reserve quantities and future developmental costs. We recognized depletion expense of $9
359
952 for the
year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 compared to $3
705
156 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013
 an increase of $5
654
796
or 153%. The increase was due primarily to increased production as our production on a Boe basis increased 168%. Additionally
during 2014 we moved approximately $1.9&nbsp;million in costs associated with expected 2015 lease expirations into our depreciable
cost pool
 increasing our depreciation by approximately $98
000
 or 2% of the 153% year over year increase.




for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 was $29
138
 compared to $24
001 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013.




of our discount on asset retirement obligation for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 was&nbsp;$22
361
 compared to $9
019
for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013.


    
    




for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 resulted in a net expense of $5
284
264
 compared to a net expense of $2
018
446
for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013
 resulting in a net increase of $3
265
818.


and (expenses) for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 consisted of $972 of interest income and $5
285
236 of interest
expense. Interest expense includes $628
125 of amortized warrant costs
 $326
258 of amortized loan origination costs and $144
904
of amortized original issue discounts
 and was reduced by $372
673 of capitalized interest costs.


and (expenses) for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013
 consisted of a net gain of $361
505 due to an additional settlement
proceed
 net of expenses
 related to the Peerless/ElectraWorks settlement resulting from the legalization of on-line gaming in
New Jersey
 $408 of interest income earned on money market accounts and $2
380
359 of interest expense. Interest expense includes
$307
822 of amortized warrant costs and $750
155 of amortized loan origination costs. Amortization of the fair value of the warrants
and loan origination costs related to the Dougherty facility were accelerated in 2013 due to termination of the Dougherty credit
facility in the third quarter of 2013 as part of our refinancing.




of $2
559
195 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 compared to an income tax benefit of $698
851 for the year ended
December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013. The increased expense for 2014
 compared to 2013
 was $3
258
046
 and was primarily due to our net
income created primarily by the non-cash gain on the mark-to-market of derivatives.




was $4
351
880
 compared to net a loss in 2013 of $402
659. Operating income
 consisting of total revenue less operating expenses
was $12
195
339 and $916
936 in 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The mark-to-market gains on derivatives amounted to $7
793
421 and
realized gains on settled derivatives were $511
451 in 2014
 and contributed significantly to the increase in operating income.
Additionally
 production and revenues increased faster than administrative expenses contributing to the increase in operating
income. Offsetting the increase in operating income
 interest expense increased $2
904
877
 as we funded a portion of well development
and property acquisitions through increases in our debt. Income tax expense increased $3
258
046
 as pretax income increased by
$8
012
585.




    
    




net income (loss) as defined under GAAP
 we also present Adjusted Net Income (Loss) and Adjusted EBITDA. We define Adjusted Net
Income (Loss) as net income excluding settlement income
 net of settlement expenses
 and tax. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net
income before (i) interest expense
 (ii) income taxes
 (iii) depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 (iv) accretion of abandonment
liability
 and (v) non-cash expenses relating to share based payments recognized under ASC Topic 718. We believe the use of non-GAAP
financial measures provides useful information to investors regarding our current financial performance; however
 Adjusted Net
Income (Loss) and Adjusted EBITDA do not represent
 and should not be considered alternatives to GAAP measurements. We believe
these measures are useful in evaluating our fundamental core operating performance. Specifically
 we believe the non-GAAP Adjusted
Net Income (Loss) and Adjusted EBITDA results provide useful information to both management and investors by excluding certain
income and expenses that our management believes are not indicative of our core operating results. Although we use Adjusted Net
Income (Loss) and Adjusted EBITDA to manage our business
 including the preparation of our annual operating budget and financial
projections
 we believe that non-GAAP financial measures have limitations and do not reflect all of the amounts associated with
our results of operations as determined in accordance with GAAP and that these measures should only be used to evaluate our results
of operations in conjunction with the corresponding GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of Adjusted Net Income (Loss) and
Adjusted EBITDA to Net Income
 GAAP
 are included below:



    



    
    
    

    
4
351
880
(402
659

    
    
    

Loss (gain) on mark-to-market of derivatives
 net of tax
(4
909
421
134
676

Settlement income
 net of tax 
    
(227
505

    
(557
541
(495
488

    
    
    

    
47
979
990
47
979
990

    
49
179
725
47
979
990

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of tax
    
    


 net of tax
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of tax
    
    


 net of tax
    
    

    
    
    



Adjusted to reflect tax (expense) benefit
 computed based on our effective tax rates of approximately
37% in 2014 and 2013
 of ($2
884
000) and $79
000
 respectively
 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013.

Adjusted to reflect tax expense
 computed based on our effective tax rate of approximately 37%
in 2013
 of $134
000
 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013.



    
    




    



    
    
    

    
4
351
880
(402
659

    
    
    


 net
 excluding amortization of warrant based financing costs
4
656
069
2
072
129

    
2
559
195
(698
851


 depletion
 and amortization
9
389
090
3
729
157

    
22
361
9
019

    
1
207
114
951
639

    
(7
793
421
213
676

    
    
    

    
14
392
288
5
874
110



for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013 includes settlement income
 net of settlement expenses
 of $361
505.




summarizes our total current assets
 liabilities and working capital at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013.



    



    
    
    

    
9
448
043
4
296
618

    
    
    

    
10
348
697
8
597
588

    
    
    

    
(900
654
(4
300
970



&nbsp;2014 we had
negative working capital of $900
654.


summarizes our cash flows during the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 respectively.



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
8
941
815
6
085
365

    
(29
143
086
(32
338
413

    
19
145
606
25
986
055

    
    
    

    
(1
055
665
(266
993



from operations are primarily affected by production volumes and commodity prices. Net cash provided by operating activities was
$8
941
815 and $6
085
365 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 respectively
 an increase of $2
856
450.
The increase was primarily due to increased operating income offset by the unrealized gain on mark-to-market of derivatives included
in operating income and the net change in current assets and current liabilities. Changes in current assets and liabilities
 aside
from those associated with settlement activity
 resulted in a decrease in cash of approximately $2
370
769 and $920
547 in 2014
and 2013
 respectively
 a net decrease of $1
450
222 for 2014
 as compared to 2013.


activities was $29
143
086 and $32
338
413 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and 2013
 respectively
 a decrease
of $3
195
327. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in purchases and development of oil and gas properties of $7
286
317.
Purchases of oil and gas properties in 2014 amounted to $3
164
469 and we paid $21
574
938 in well development costs. Investing
activity in 2014 also included advances of $5
822
086 to operators for future well development and proceeds from the sale of oil
and gas properties of $1
441
929. In 2013
 we acquired the CPX properties for $20
680
032. Additionally in 2013
 cash applied
to the purchase of oil and gas properties totaled $11
345
692
 including $4
150
622 of purchases of oil and gas properties and
$7
195
070 paid for the development of oil and gas wells. In 2013
 we also advanced operators $882
604 for future well development
and received $608
387 in proceeds from the sale of oil and gas properties.


financing was $19
145
606 and $25
986
055 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 respectively
 a decrease
of $6
840
449. We drew $19
400
000 and $26
851
156
 net of repayments
 on our credit facilities in 2014 and&nbsp;2013
 respectively.
We paid $254
394 and $865
101 in debt issuance costs in 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 with the activity in 2013 primarily related
to refinancing activity.



    
    


Senior Credit Facility and Subordinated
Credit Facilities



 as borrower
entered into a Credit Agreement dated August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013
 and amendments thereto dated December&nbsp;13
&nbsp;2013
 March&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2014
April&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2014
 September&nbsp;11
&nbsp;2014
 and March&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015 (as amended
)
with Cadence Bank
 N.A. (&ldquo;Cadence&rdquo;)
 as lender (the &ldquo;Senior Credit Facility&rdquo;). Under the terms of the Senior
Credit Agreement
 a senior secured revolving line of credit in the maximum aggregate principal amount of $50&nbsp;million is available
from time to time (i) for direct investment in oil and gas properties
 (ii) for general working capital purposes
 including the
issuance of letters of credit
 and (iii) to refinance the then existing debt under the Company&rsquo;s former credit facility with
Dougherty Funding LLC.


the Senior Credit Facility is at all times subject to the then-applicable borrowing base
 determined by Cadence in a manner consistent
with the normal and customary oil and gas lending practices of Cadence. Availability was initially set at $7&nbsp;million and is
subject to periodic redeterminations and was $35&nbsp;million as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 and subsequently amended to $34&nbsp;million
on March&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015. Subject to availability under the borrowing base
 the Company may borrow
 repay and re-borrow funds
in amounts of $250
000
 or more. At the Company&rsquo;s election
 the unpaid principal balance of any borrowings under the Senior
Credit Facility may bear interest at either (i) the Base Rate
 as defined in the Senior Credit Facility
 plus the applicable margin
which varies from 1.00% to 1.50% or (ii) the LIBOR rate
 as defined in the Senior Credit Facility
 plus the applicable margin
which varies from 3.00% to 3.50%. Interest is payable for Base Rate loans on the last business day of the month and for LIBOR loans
on the last LIBOR business day of each LIBOR interest period. The Company is also required to pay a quarterly fee of 0.50% on any
unused portion of the borrowing base
 as well as a facility fee of 0.90% of the initial and any subsequent additions to the borrowing
base.


maturity date of August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2016
 was subsequently amended to January&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2017 pursuant to the amendment on
March&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015. The Company may prepay the entire amount of Base Rate loans at any time
 and may prepay the entire amount
of LIBOR loans upon at least three business days&rsquo; notice to Cadence. The Senior Credit Facility is secured by first priority
interests in mortgages on substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 including but not limited to the Company&rsquo;s mineral
interests in North Dakota and Montana.


&nbsp;2014
the Company had borrowings of $22.6&nbsp;million outstanding under the Senior Credit Agreement.


 as borrower
entered into a Second Lien Credit Agreement dated August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013 and amendments thereto dated December&nbsp;13
&nbsp;2013
March&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2014
 April&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2014
 September&nbsp;11
&nbsp;2014
 and March&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015 (as amended
 the
&ldquo;Subordinated Credit Agreement&rdquo;) with Chambers Energy Management
&nbsp;LP
 as administrative agent (&ldquo;Chambers&rdquo;)
and the several other lenders named therein (the &ldquo;Subordinated Credit Facility&rdquo;). Under the Subordinated Credit Facility
term loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $75&nbsp;million are available from time to time (i) to repay the Previous
Credit Facility
 (ii) for fees and closing costs in connection with both the Senior Credit Facility and the Subordinated Credit
Facility (together
 the &ldquo;Credit Facilities&rdquo;)
 and (iii) general corporate purposes.



    
    


Agreement provided for initial commitment availability of $25&nbsp;million
 which was subsequently amended to the current availability
of $30&nbsp;million
 with the remaining commitments subject to the approval of Chambers and other customary conditions. The Company
may borrow the available commitments in amounts of $5&nbsp;million or more and shall not request borrowings of such loans more
than once a month
 provided that the initial draw must be at least $15&nbsp;million. Loans under the Subordinated Credit Facility
shall be funded net of a 2% OID. The unpaid principal balance of borrowings under the Subordinated Credit Facility bears interest
at the Cash Interest Rate plus the PIK Interest Rate. The Cash Interest Rate is 9.00% per annum plus a rate per annum equal to
the greater of (i) 1.00% and (ii) the offered rate for three-month deposits in U.S. dollars that appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR
01 as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the second full LIBOR business day preceding the first day of each calendar quarter. The PIK
Interest Rate is equal to 4.00% per annum. Interest is payable on the last day of each month. The Company is also required to pay
an annual nonrefundable administration fee of $50
000 and a monthly availability fee computed at a rate of 0.50% per annum on the
average daily amount of any unused portion of the available amount under the commitment.


Facility matures on June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2017. Upon at least three business days&rsquo; written notice
 the Company may prepay the
entire amount under the loans
 together with accrued interest. Each prepayment made prior to the second anniversary of the funding
date
 as defined in the Subordinated Credit Facility
 shall be accompanied by a make-whole amount
 as defined in the Subordinated
Credit Agreement. Prepayments made on or after the second anniversary of the funding date shall be accompanied by an applicable
premium
 as set forth in the Subordinated Credit Agreement. The Subordinated Credit Facility is secured by second priority interests
on substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 including but not limited to second priority mortgages on the Company&rsquo;s
mineral interests in North Dakota and Montana.


the Subordinated Credit Facility occurred on September&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2013 at which time we drew $14
700
000
 net of a $300
000 original
issue discount
 from the Subordinated Credit Agreement and used $10
226
057 of those proceeds to repay and terminate the Dougherty
revolving credit facility. We have drawn an additional $14
700
000
 net of $300
000 in original issue discounts
 in additional
draws through December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014.


have entered into an Intercreditor Agreement dated August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013 (the &ldquo;Intercreditor Agreement&rdquo;). The Intercreditor
Agreement provides that any liens on the assets of the Company securing indebtedness under the Subordinated Credit Facility are
subordinate to liens on the assets securing indebtedness under the Senior Credit Facility and sets forth the respective rights
obligations and remedies of the lenders under the Senior Credit Facility with respect to their first priority liens and the lenders
under the Subordinated Credit Facility with respect to their second priority liens.



require customary affirmative and negative covenants for credit facilities of the respective types and sizes for companies operating
in the oil and gas industry
 as well as customary events of default. Furthermore
 the Credit Facilities contain financial covenants
that require the Company to satisfy certain specified financial ratios. The Senior Credit Agreement requires the Company to maintain
(i) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company
 a collateral coverage ratio (reserve value plus consolidated working
capital to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014
 0.70 to 1.00 for
the quarters ending September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014 and December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 was waived for the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 and 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015 and thereafter
 (ii) a ratio of current assets to current liabilities
of a minimum of 1.0 to 1.0
 (iii) a net debt to EBITDAX
 as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement
 ratio of 3.75 to 1.00 for the
quarter ended March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ended June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014 and September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014
4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 was waived for the quarter ended March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 and
3.50 to 1.00 for the quarters ending June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015 and September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 and 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter
ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and thereafter
 in each case
calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis
 (iv) a maximum senior leverage ratio of not more than 2.5 to 1.0 calculated
on a modified trailing four quarter basis
 and (v) a minimum interest coverage ratio of not less than 3.0 to 1.0. The Subordinated
Credit Agreement requires the Company to maintain (i) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company
 a collateral coverage
ratio (reserve value plus consolidated working capital to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65&nbsp;to&nbsp;1.00 through the
quarter ending June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014
 0.70&nbsp;to&nbsp;1.00 for the quarters ending September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014 and December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
was waived for the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 and
0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
and thereafter
 (ii) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company
 a consolidated net leverage ratio (adjusted total
indebtedness less the amount of unrestricted cash equivalents to consolidated EBITDA) of no more than 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter
ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ending June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014 and September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014
4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 was waived for the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 and
3.50 to 1.00 for the quarters ending June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015 and September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 and 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter
ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and thereafter
 calculated
on a modified trailing four quarter basis
 (iii) as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Company
 a consolidated cash interest
coverage ratio (consolidated EBITDA to consolidated cash interest expense) of no less than 2.5&nbsp;to&nbsp;1.0
 calculated on
a modified trailing four quarter basis and (iv) as of the last day of any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company
a ratio of consolidated current assets to consolidated current liabilities of at least 1.0 to 1.0. In addition
 each of the Credit
Facilities requires that the Company enter into hedging agreements based on anticipated future oil production from currently producing
wells as agreed to by the lenders. The Company is in compliance with all covenants
 as amended
 for the period ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014.



    
    


the Subordinated Credit Facility
 the Company agreed to issue to the lenders detachable warrants to purchase up to 5
000
000 shares
of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.65&nbsp;per share. The warrants expire on August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2018.
Proceeds from the loan were allocated between the debt and equity based on the relative fair values at the time of issuance
 resulting
in a debt discount of $2
473
576 at issuance that is presented as a debt discount on the balance sheet and is being amortized using
the effective interest method over the life of the credit facility
 which matures on June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2017. A total of $628
195
and $199
632 was amortized during the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013. The remaining unamortized balance
of the debt discount attributable to the warrants is $1
645
749 as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014.

Dougherty Revolving Credit Facility
(former credit facility)


&nbsp;2012
the Company entered into a Secured Revolving Credit Agreement with Dougherty Funding LLC (&ldquo;Dougherty&rdquo;) as Lender which
was subsequently amended on September&nbsp;5
&nbsp;2012 and December&nbsp;14
&nbsp;2012 with an Amended and Restated Secured Revolving
Credit Agreement (collectively the &ldquo;Dougherty Credit Facility&rdquo;).


Facility provided for a maximum available amount of $20&nbsp;million
 of which $16.5&nbsp;million was available prior to termination
of the facility
 with interest payable on the outstanding balance at a rate of 9.25% per year and a maturity date of August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2015.
In connection with the amended financing
 the Company issued Dougherty Funding
 LLC warrants to purchase 585
000 shares of the
Company&rsquo;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.38&nbsp;per share. The warrants expire on August&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015.


on April&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2012 of $2
450
000
 and used $2
051
722 of the proceeds to repay and terminate our predecessor PrenAnte5
revolving credit facility
 including interest of $51
722.


&nbsp;2013
we repaid the Dougherty Credit Facility with proceeds from the Subordinated Credit Facility.


are expected to grow as our wells are placed into production
 our revenues are not expected to exceed our investment developing
oil and gas wells and our operating costs throughout 2015. However
 we believe our credit facilities will provide sufficient funding
for our property acquisition and development plans through those same periods. Our prospects still must be considered in light
of the risks
 expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stage of development. Such risks for
us include
 but are not limited to
 potential failure to earn revenues or to sufficiently monetize certain claims that we have
for payments that are owed to us; an inability to identify investment and expansion targets; and dissipation of existing assets.
To address these risks
 we must
 among other things
 seek growth opportunities through investment and acquisitions in the oil and
gas industry
 effectively monitor and manage our claims for payments that are owed to us
 implement and successfully execute our
business strategy
 respond to competitive developments
 and attract
 retain and motivate qualified personnel. We cannot assure
that we will be successful in addressing such risks
 and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business
prospects
 financial condition and results of operations.

Satisfaction of our cash obligations
for the next 12 months


&nbsp;2014
our balance of cash and cash equivalents was $94
682. Our plan for satisfying our cash requirements for the next twelve months
in addition to our revenues from oil and gas sales is through draws on our credit facilities
 sale of properties that do not meet
our investment criteria
 and potential sale or use of shares of our stock.


    
    




gas industry is very cyclical and the demand for goods and services of crude oil field companies
 suppliers and others associated
with the industry put extreme pressure on the economic stability and pricing structure within the industry. Typically
 as prices
for crude oil and natural gas increase
 so do all associated costs. Conversely
 in a period of declining prices
 associated cost
declines are likely to lag and may not adjust downward in proportion. Material changes in prices also impact our current revenue
stream
 estimates of future reserves
 impairment assessments of crude oil and natural gas properties
 and values of properties
in purchase and sale transactions. Material changes in prices can impact the value of crude oil and natural gas companies and their
ability to raise capital
 borrow money and retain personnel. While we do not currently expect business costs to materially increase
higher prices for crude oil and natural gas could result in increases in the costs of materials
 services and personnel.




summarizes our obligations and commitments as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 to make future payments under certain contracts
 aggregated
by category of obligation
 for specified time periods:



    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
22
600
000
    
    
22
600
000

    
    
30
000
000
    
    
30
000
000

    
4
129
267
5
617
616
    
    
9
746
883

    
    
4
593
929
    
    
4
593
929

    
16
513
219
    
    
    
16
513
219

    
20
642
486
62
811
545
    
    
83
454
031







interest rate in effect as of December 31
 2014 remains in effect throughout life of loan; and





Additional commitments on our Authorization for Expenditures (&ldquo;AFE&rdquo;) not accrued as
of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014.

Summary of product and research and development that we
will perform for the term of our plan


significant research and development expenditures in the future.




the purchase or sale of any plant or significant equipment as such items are not required by us at this time.




&nbsp;2014
we had eight employees
 our chief executive officer
 Kenneth DeCubellis
 our chief financial officer
 James Moe
 our chief operating
officer
 Michael Eisele and five other employees. Currently
 there are no organized labor agreements or union agreements and we
do not anticipate any in the future.


to expand our oil and gas business by participating in additional drilling opportunities and continuing to acquire new mineral
leases
 we may need to hire additional employees. In the interim
 we intend to use the services of independent consultants and
contractors to perform various professional services when appropriate. We believe the use of third-party service providers may
enhance our ability to control general and administrative expenses and operate efficiently.




off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
revenues
 expenses
 results of operations liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors.


    
    


ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK




for our oil and natural gas production heavily influences our revenue
 profitability
 access to capital and future rate of growth.
Oil and natural gas are commodities and
 therefore
 their prices are subject to wide fluctuations in response to relatively minor
changes in supply and demand and other factors. Historically
 the markets for oil and natural gas have been volatile
 and our management
believes these markets will likely continue to be volatile in the future. The prices we receive for our production depend on numerous
factors beyond our control. Our revenue during 2014
 generally would have increased or decreased along with any increases or decreases
in oil or natural gas prices
 but the exact impact on our income is indeterminable given the variety of expenses associated with
producing and selling oil that also increase and decrease along with oil prices.


contracts to achieve a more predictable cash flow by reducing our exposure to oil price volatility. All of our derivative positions
are carried at their fair value on the balance sheet and are marked-to-market at the end of each period. Any realized gains and
losses are recorded to gain (loss) on settled derivatives and mark-to-market gains or losses are recorded to losses on the mark-to-market
of derivatives on the statements of operations as a component of total revenues.


to economically hedge a significant
 but varying portion of our anticipated future production over a rolling 36 month horizon.
Any payments due to counterparties under our derivative contracts are funded by proceeds received from the sale of our production.
Production receipts
 however
 lag payments to the counterparties. Any interim cash needs are funded by cash from operations or
borrowings under our Credit Facilities.


derivative contracts are settled based on reported settlement prices on commodity exchanges
 with crude oil derivative settlements
based on NYMEX West Texas Intermediate (&ldquo;WTI&rdquo;) pricing. The following table reflects open commodity swap contracts
as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 the associated volumes and the corresponding fixed price.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2015 &ndash; December 31
 2015
24
000
    

    
 2015 &ndash; December 31
 2015
21
000
    

    
 2015 &ndash; December 31
 2015
12
000
    

    
 2015 &ndash; December 31
 2015
30
000
    

    
 2016 &ndash; December 31
 2016
60
000
    

    
 2016 &ndash; December 31
 2016
24
000
    

    
 2017 &ndash; December 31
 2017
78
000
    



&nbsp;2014
we had a total volume on open commodity swaps of 249
000 barrels at a weighted average price of approximately&nbsp;


    
    



reflects the weighted average price of open commodity swap derivative contracts as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 by year with
associated volumes.



    

    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
87
000
    

    
84
000
    

    
78
000
    



open commodity swap contracts
 we have entered into costless collar contracts. The costless collars are used to establish floor
and ceiling prices on anticipated crude oil production. There were no premiums paid or received by us related to the costless collar
contracts. The following table reflects open costless collar contracts as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
36
000
    
    

    
10
002
    
    





are tied to LIBOR if and when the associated LIBOR rate goes above 1%. As a result
 changes in interest rates can impact our financial
results and cash flows. A 1% increase in short-term interest rates on our floating-rate debt as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
would cost us approximately $545
000 in additional interest expense annually.







    
    

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA OF BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2014
AND 2013







    
    

    
    

Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2014 and 2013
    

    
    

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
    

    
    

Statement of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
    

    
    

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    







    
    




REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM




 Inc.


sheets of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013 and the related
statements of operations
 stockholders' equity
 and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company
is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits
included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements
referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
and&nbsp;2013
 and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods described above in conformity with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles.

/s/ M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC



 Texas

 2015




    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.




    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
94
682
1
150
347

    
3
571
803
    

    
5
740
171
1
905
467

    
    
1
214
662

    
41
387
26
142

    
9
448
043
4
296
618

    
    
    

    
    
    


 full cost method of accounting
    
    

    
112
418
105
79
361
432

    
591
121
2
798
795

    
139
004
115
482

    
113
148
230
82
275
709


 accumulated depreciation
 amortization
 depletion and allowance for impairment
(18
902
524
(9
513
434


 net
94
245
706
72
762
275

    
    
    

    
4
007
942
    


 net
701
019
772
883

    
    
    

    
108
402
710
77
831
776

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
10
291
262
8
453
709

    
57
435
4
813

    
    
139
065

    
10
348
697
8
597
587

    
    
    

    
    
74
611

    
286
804
160
665


 net of discounts of $2
072
483 and $2
645
582
 respectively
51
834
603
30
556
301

    
6
593
040
4
033
845

    
    
    

    
69
063
144
43
423
009

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value
 20
000
000 shares authorized
 no shares issued and outstanding
    
    


 $0.001 par value
 500
000
000 shares authorized
 47
979
990 shares issued and outstanding
47
980
47
980

    
33
651
714
33
072
795

    
5
639
872
1
287
992

    
39
339
566
34
408
767

    
    
    

    
108
402
710
77
831
776






    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.




    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
21
102
823
9
276
656

    
511
451
53
482

    
7
793
421
(213
676

    
29
407
695
9
116
462

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
705
763
1
145
686

    
2
203
501
1
015
907

    
2
891
641
2
299
757

    
9
359
952
3
705
156

    
22
361
9
019

    
29
138
24
001

    
17
212
356
8
199
526

    
    
    

    
12
195
339
916
936

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(5
285
236
(2
380
359

    
    
380
982

    
    
(19
477

    
(5
284
264
(2
018
446

    
    
    

    
6
911
075
(1
101
510

    
    
    

    
(2
559
195
698
851

    
    
    

    
4
351
880
(402
659

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
47
979
990
47
979
990

    
49
179
725
47
979
990

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    






    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2012
    
    
47
979
990
47
980
29
847
212
1
690
651
31
585
843

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock warrants granted as financing
    costs
 presented as a debt discount
    
    
    
    
2
473
576
    
2
473
576

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock warrants granted as financing
    costs
    
    
    
    
108
190
    
108
190

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock options granted for services
    to employees
    
    
    
    
643
817
    
643
817

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net loss for the year ended December 31
 2013
    
    
    
    
    
(402
659
(402
659

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2013
    
    
47
979
990
47
980
33
072
795
1
287
992
34
408
767

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock options granted for services
    to employees
    
    
    
    
578
919
    
578
919

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net income for the year ended December 31
    2014
    
    
    
    
    
4
351
880
4
351
880

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2014
    
    
47
979
990
47
980
33
651
714
5
639
872
39
339
566






    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.




    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
351
880
(402
659



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
9
359
952
3
705
156

    
29
138
24
001

    
326
258
749
920

    
22
361
9
019

    
(7
793
421
213
676

    
1
105
203
201
883

    
144
904
28
362


 warrants
628
195
199
632

    
    
108
190

    
578
919
643
817

    
2
559
195
(698
851

    
    
    

    
(2
834
704
(1
049
234

    
    
2
500
000

    
(15
245
21
013

    
    
    

    
426
558
164
527

    
    
(160
000


 related parties
    
(116
234

    
52
622
(56
853

    
8
941
815
6
085
365

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
441
929
608
387

    
(24
739
407
(32
025
724

    
(5
822
086
(882
604

    
(23
522
(38
472

    
(29
143
086
(32
338
413

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
29
800
000
41
150
000

    
(10
400
000
(14
298
844

    
(254
394
(865
101

    
19
145
606
25
986
055

    
    
    

    
(1
055
665
(266
993

    
1
150
347
1
417
340

    
94
682
1
150
347

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
401
028
1
104
688

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
410
995
5
335
656

    
    
(1
200
000

    
6
036
748
2
218
237

    
1
000
000
    


 net of revision in estimate
103
778
84
501

    
    
2
473
576






    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



of Business


&nbsp;2012
 Ante5
&nbsp;Inc.
changed its corporate name to Black&nbsp;Ridge&nbsp;Oil&nbsp;&amp;&nbsp;Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 and continues to trade its common stock
on the OTCQB under the trading symbol &ldquo;ANFC&rdquo;. Black&nbsp;Ridge&nbsp;Oil&nbsp;&amp;&nbsp;Gas
&nbsp;Inc. (Formerly Ante5
&nbsp;Inc.)
(the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) became an independent company in April 2010 when the spin-off from our former parent company
 Ante4
&nbsp;Inc.
(now Emerald&nbsp;Oil
&nbsp;Inc. and also formerly known as Voyager&nbsp;Oil&nbsp;&amp;&nbsp;Gas
&nbsp;Inc.)
 became effective.
We became a publicly traded company when our shares began trading on July&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2010. Since October&nbsp;2010
 we have been
engaged in the business of acquiring oil and gas leases and participating in the drilling of wells in the Bakken and Three Forks
trends in North Dakota and Montana. Our strategy is to participate in the exploration
 development and production of oil and gas
reserves as a non-operating working interest owner in a growing
 diversified portfolio of oil and gas wells. We aggressively seek
to accumulate mineral leases to position us to participate in the drilling of new wells on a continuous basis. Occasionally we
also purchase working interests in producing wells.


exploration
 development and production of crude oil and natural gas properties
 primarily in the Bakken and Three Forks trends
in North Dakota and Montana. We believe that our prospective success revolves around our ability to acquire mineral rights and
participate in drilling activities by virtue of our ownership of such rights and through the relationships we have developed with
our operating partners.


we participate in drilling activities primarily on a heads-up basis. Before a well is spud
 an operator is required to offer all
mineral lease owners in the designated well spacing unit the right to participate in the drilling and production of the well. Drilling
costs and revenues from oil and gas sales are split pro-rata based on acreage ownership in the designated drilling unit. We rely
on our operator partners to identify specific drilling sites
 permit
 and engage in the drilling process. As a non-operator we
are focused on maintaining a low overhead structure.


Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis
of Accounting

the accrual method of accounting as generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) and the rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC).



interim reporting for an enterprise&rsquo;s operating segments and related disclosures about its products
 services
 geographic
areas and major customers. An operating segment is defined as a component of an enterprise that engages in business activities
from which it may earn revenues and expenses
 and about which separate financial information is regularly evaluated by the chief
operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources. The Company operates as a single segment and will evaluate additional
segment disclosure requirements as it expands its operations.

Use
of Estimates

in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.



 by
its nature
 to environmental hazards and clean-up costs. At this time
 management knows of no substantial losses from environmental
accidents or events which would have a material effect on the Company.


    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.


Cash
and Cash Equivalents

which have maturities of three months or less. For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 all highly liquid investments with
an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are stated at cost plus accrued
interest
 which approximates market value. Cash and cash equivalents consist of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
94
682
1
112
356

    
    
37
991

    
94
682
1
150
347




deposit accounts which
 at times
 may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (FDIC) and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) up to $250
000 and $500
000
 respectively
 under current
regulations. The Company had approximately $-0- and $862
356 in excess of FDIC and SIPC insured limits at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
and&nbsp;2013
 respectively. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts.



of crude oil and natural gas wells with other working interest partners. Due to the capital intensive nature of crude oil and natural
gas drilling activities
 the working interest partner responsible for conducting the drilling operations may request advance payments
from other working interest partners for their share of the costs. The Company expects such advances to be applied by working interest
partners against joint interest billings for its share of the drilling operations within 120 days from when the advance is paid.

Debt
Issuance Costs

are capitalized and amortized over the term of the related debt using the straight-line method
 which approximates the effective
interest method. The Company paid $254
394 and $865
101 of debt issuance costs during the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
and&nbsp;2013
 respectively
 of which the unamortized balance of debt issuance costs at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
was $701
019 and $772
883
 respectively. Amortization of debt issuance costs charged to interest expense was $326
258 and $749
920
for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 respectively. When a loan is paid in full
 any unamortized financing
costs are removed from the related accounts and charged to interest expense.



costs in accordance with ASC 350-50
 &ldquo;Accounting for Website Development Costs&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC 350-50&rdquo;)
 wherein
website development costs are segregated into three activities:


Initial stage (planning)
 whereby the related costs are expensed.


Development (web application
 infrastructure
 graphics)
 whereby the related costs are capitalized
and amortized once the website is ready for use. Costs for development content of the website may be expensed or capitalized depending
on the circumstances of the expenditures.


Post-implementation (after site is up and running: security
 training
 admin)
 whereby the related
costs are expensed as incurred. Upgrades are usually expensed
 unless they add additional functionality.


660
of website development costs from inception through December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014. We have recognized depreciation expense on these
website costs of $15
380 and $18
887 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 respectively.


    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.




and liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted
tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be recovered. The Company provides a
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to be more likely than not.



 the Financial
Accounting Standards Board establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles and expands
disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement reaffirms that fair value is the relevant measurement attribute. The
adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements as reflected herein. The carrying
amounts of cash
 accounts payable and accrued expenses reported on the balance sheets are estimated by management to approximate

required fair value measurement on a recurring basis.



and gas properties are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of three
to seven years. Expenditures for replacements
 renewals
 and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to
operations as incurred. Long-lived assets
 other than oil and gas properties
 are evaluated for impairment to determine if current
circumstances and market conditions indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company has not recognized any impairment
losses on non-oil and gas long-lived assets. Depreciation expense was $29
138 and $24
001 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
and&nbsp;2013
 respectively.



from its interests in producing wells when production is delivered to
 and title has transferred to
 the purchaser and to the extent
the selling price is reasonably determinable. The Company uses the sales method of accounting for gas balancing of gas production
and would recognize a liability if the existing proven reserves were not adequate to cover the current imbalance situation.



liability for an asset retirement obligation in the period in which the well is spud or the asset is acquired and a corresponding
increase in the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. The liability is accreted to its present value each period
 and
the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled for an amount other
than the recorded amount
 a gain or loss is recognized.



of accounting for oil and gas operations whereby all costs related to the exploration and development of oil and gas properties
are initially capitalized into a single cost center (&quot;full cost pool&quot;). Such costs include land acquisition costs
 geological
and geophysical expenses
 carrying charges on non-producing properties
 costs of drilling directly related to acquisition
 and
exploration activities. Internal costs that are capitalized are directly attributable to acquisition
 exploration and development
activities and do not include costs related to the production
 general corporate overhead or similar activities. Costs associated
with production and general corporate activities are expensed in the period incurred. Capitalized costs are summarized as follows
for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 respectively:



    



    
    
    

    
61
861
137
509

    
372
673
    

    
434
534
137
509



    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



be credited to the full cost pool
 with no gain or loss recognized
 unless such a sale would significantly alter the relationship
between capitalized costs and the proved reserves attributable to these costs. A significant alteration would typically involve
a sale of 20% or more of the proved reserves related to a single full cost pool. During the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
the Company sold approximately 502&nbsp;net acres and rights to individual well bores for total proceeds of $1
441
929. During
the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013
 the Company sold approximately 189&nbsp;net acres for total proceeds of $608
387. The
Company assesses all items classified as unevaluated property on a quarterly basis for possible impairment or reduction in value.
The assessment includes consideration of the following factors
 among others: intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological
and geophysical evaluations; drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the economic viability of development
if proved reserves are assigned. During any period in which these factors indicate an impairment
 the cumulative drilling costs
incurred to date for such property and all or a portion of the associated leasehold costs are transferred to the full cost pool
and are then subject to amortization.


properties and properties having proved reserves
 estimated future development costs
 and asset retirement costs under FASB ASC
410-20-25 are depleted and amortized on the unit-of-production method based on the estimated gross proved reserves as determined
by independent petroleum engineers. The costs of unproved properties are withheld from the depletion base until such time as they
are either developed or abandoned.


(net of related deferred income taxes) may not exceed an amount equal to the present value
 discounted at 10% per annum
 of the
estimated future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves plus the cost of unproved properties (adjusted for related income
tax effects). Should capitalized costs exceed this ceiling
 impairment is recognized. The present value of estimated future net
cash flows is computed by applying the arithmetic average first day price of oil and natural gas for the preceding twelve months
to estimated future production of proved oil and gas reserves as of the end of the period
 less estimated future expenditures to
be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves and assuming continuation of existing economic conditions. Such present
value of proved reserves' future net cash flows excludes future cash outflows associated with settling asset retirement obligations.
Should this comparison indicate an excess carrying value
 the excess is charged to earnings as an impairment expense. We recognized
no impairment costs during the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 respectively.



and gas sales to various purchasers
 the market for which has very inelastic demand. Due to this
 we do not consider any purchasers
to represent a material concentration to our sales for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 or 2013
 as we believe any of
our customers could easily be replaced.


we depend on our drilling partner operators to perform the drilling and other operating activities required for all sales of oil
and gas. These operators are also responsible for remitting to us our revenue proceeds and billing us for drilling costs and lease
operating expenses incurred. We had material concentrations of accounts receivable owed from four (4) and four (4) operators during
the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 respectively
 representing 56% and 60% of total oil and gas revenues
and 36% and 41% of total oil and gas accounts receivable as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 respectively. As of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
and&nbsp;2013
 we had 7.88 and 4.87&nbsp;net producing wells
 respectively. As of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 these
operating partners operated 38% and 37% of the net producing wells
 respectively.



are computed by dividing net income (the numerator) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period
(the denominator). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares and potential
common shares outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. Potential common shares include stock options
 warrants and restricted
stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options
 warrants and restricted stock is computed using
the treasury stock method.


    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



used to calculate basic EPS and diluted EPS for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and 2013 are as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
47
979
990
47
979
990

    
    
    

    
1
199
735
    

    
49
179
725
47
979
990



the calculation of diluted EPS because their effect was anti-dilutive were 13
683
209 and 16
103
209 as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
and&nbsp;2013
 respectively.

Stock-Based
Compensation

based compensation upon inception at April&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2010. Under FASB ASC 718-10-30-2
 all share-based payments to employees
including grants of employee stock options
 are to be recognized in the income statement based on their fair values. Pro forma
disclosure is no longer an alternative. Amortization of the fair values of stock options issued for services and compensation totaled
$578
919 and $643
817 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 respectively. The fair values of stock options
were determined using the Black-Scholes options pricing model and an effective term of 6 to 6.5 years based on the weighted average
of the vesting periods and the stated term of the option grants and the discount rate on 5 to 7 year U.S. Treasury securities at
the grant date and are being amortized over the related implied service term
 or vesting period.



&nbsp;2010
the Company adopted new standards for accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. These standards prescribe a recognition threshold
and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. These standards also provide guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in
interim periods
 disclosure
 and transition.


audit the Company&rsquo;s income tax returns. These audits include questions regarding the Company&rsquo;s tax filing positions
including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions. In evaluating the exposures
connected with these various tax filing positions
 including state and local taxes
 the Company records allowances for probable
exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter
 for which an allowance has been established
 is audited and
fully resolved. The Company has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities.


position relies on the judgment of management to estimate the exposures associated with the Company&rsquo;s various filing positions.



were issued in 2014 with effective dates subsequent to December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014. We have evaluated the recently issued accounting
pronouncements that are effective in 2015 and believe that none of them will have a material effect on our financial position
results of operations or cash flows when adopted.


 we are monitoring the joint standard-setting
efforts of the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the International Accounting Standards Board. There are a large number
of pending accounting standards that are being targeted for completion in 2014 and beyond
 including
 but not limited to
 standards
relating to revenue recognition
 accounting for leases
 fair value measurements
 accounting for financial instruments
 disclosure
of loss contingencies and financial statement presentation. Because these pending standards have not yet been finalized
 at this
time we are not able to determine the potential future impact that these standards will have
 if any
 on our financial position
results of operations or cash flows.



    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.





December&nbsp;13
&nbsp;2013
 the Company acquired oil and natural gas properties from CP Exploration
 LP (&ldquo;CPX&rdquo;)
for approximately $20.6&nbsp;million
 net of purchase price adjustments (&ldquo;the CPX Acquisition&rdquo;). The properties
acquired in the CPX Acquisition are comprised of leasehold interests in approximately 2
040 net mineral acres in the
Williston Basin of North Dakota and interests in 43&nbsp;gross (0.92&nbsp;net) producing wells on the acquired leases.


its valuation of the properties acquired in the CPX Acquisition which is summarized as follows:



    
20
680
032

    
    

    
    

    
20
517
903

    
195
780

    
20
713
683

    
(33
651

    
20
680
032


The
estimated fair value of the acquired asset retirement obligation was determined using the Company&rsquo;s credit adjusted risk-free
rate.


pro forma combined results of operations for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013 are presented as though
the CPX Acquisition had been completed as of January&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2013. The pro forma combined results of operations for the years
ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and 2013 have been prepared by adjusting the historical results of the Company to include
the historical results of the properties acquired in the CPX Acquisition. The supplemental pro forma results of operations are
provided for illustrative purposes only and not purport to be indicative of the actual results that would have been achieved by
the combined company for the periods presented. The pro forma results of operations do not include any cost savings or other synergies
that resulted from the CPX Acquisition or any estimated costs incurred to integrate the CPX Acquisition assets.



    
    

    



    
    

    
    

    
160
432

    
    

    
13
511
159

    
2
704
323

    
(45
154

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.





&nbsp;2014
and&nbsp;2013
 we granted various awards to our Officers and Directors as compensation for their services. These related party
grants are fully disclosed in Note 12 below.



currently lease office space on a month to month basis where the lessor is an entity owned by our former CEO and current Chairman
of the Board of Directors
 Bradley Berman. The sublease agreement was cancelled and we entered into a direct lease on April&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2012
to expand and occupy approximately 1
142 square feet of office space. The 2012 lease was amended effective November&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2013
to occupy approximately 2
813&nbsp;square feet of office space. In accordance with this lease
 our lease term is on a month-to-month
basis
 provided that either party may provide 90 day notice to terminate the lease
 with base rents of $2
110 per month
 plus common
area operations and maintenance charges
 and monthly parking fees of $240 per month
 for the period from November&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2013
to October&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and subject to increases of $117 per month beginning November&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2014 and for each of the
subsequent three year periods. We have paid a total of $69
300 and $34
350 to this entity during the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
and&nbsp;2013
 respectively.





&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
consisted of the following:



    



    
    
    


 full cost method:
    
    

    
112
418
105
79
361
432


 not subject to amortization or ceiling test
591
121
2
798
795

    
113
009
226
82
160
227

    
139
004
115
482

    
113
148
230
82
275
709


 amortization
 depletion and impairments
(18
902
524
(9
513
434


 net
94
245
706
72
762
275



 depletion
 and amortization
expense by type of asset:



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
9
359
952
3
705
156

    
29
138
24
001


 amortization and depletion
9
389
090
3
729
157




    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.


Note 6 &ndash; Oil
and Gas Properties


net productive oil wells by state at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013. A net well represents our percentage ownership
of a gross well. The following tables do not include wells in which our interest is limited to royalty and overriding royalty interests.
The following tables also do not include wells which were awaiting completion
 in the process of completion or awaiting flow back
subsequent to fracture stimulation.



    

 2014

 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



consist of all acreage acquisition costs (including cash expenditures and the value of stock consideration)
 drilling costs and
other associated capitalized costs. As of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 our principal oil and gas assets included
approximately 10
000 and 14
300&nbsp;net acres
 respectively
 located in North Dakota and Montana.


costs for the purchase and development of our oil and gas properties for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013:



    



    
    
    

    
24
739
407
32
025
724

    
9
364
796
7
953
801

    
(7
953
801
(2
618
145

    
6
036
748
2
218
237

    
103
778
84
501


 oil and gas properties
32
290
928
39
664
118




 the Company purchased approximately
374&nbsp;net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota and Montana. In consideration for the assignment of these
mineral leases
 we paid the sellers a total of approximately $3
102
568.



 the Company sold approximately
502&nbsp;net mineral acres of oil and gas properties and rights to individual well bores in North Dakota for total proceeds of
$1
441
929. No gain or loss was recorded pursuant to the sales.



 including the CPX acquisition
the Company purchased approximately 3
571&nbsp;net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota and Montana. Additionally
in conjunction with the purchase of the net mineral acres we acquired 45&nbsp;gross producing wells (1.23&nbsp;net wells). In consideration
for the assignment of these mineral leases and producing wells
 we paid the sellers a total of approximately $24
693
145.



 the Company sold approximately
189&nbsp;net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota for total proceeds of $608
387. No gain or loss was recorded
pursuant to the sales.



 we traded 950&nbsp;acres to an
operator in exchange for 160&nbsp;acres in a different geographic location and a drilling carry for the well costs for our interests
in 2&nbsp;gross (0.12&nbsp;net) wells valued at $1
200
000.


    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.




 we had leases encompassing
4
202 and 543&nbsp;net acres
 respectively
 expire with carrying costs of $6
198
163 and $833
884
 respectively that have been
transferred to the full cost pool subject to depletion. We estimate that approximately 1
100 net acres with carrying costs of approximately
$1
900
000 will expire prior to the commencement of production activities during 2015. The carrying costs of these leases
 including
those which we estimate will expire in 2015 have also been transferred to the full cost pool and are subject to depletion.


Note 7 &ndash; Asset
Retirement Obligation


associated with the future plugging and abandonment of proved properties and related facilities. Under the provisions of FASB ASC
410-20-25
 the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation is recorded in the period in which it is incurred and
a corresponding increase in the carrying amount of the related long lived asset. The liability is accreted to its present value
each period
 and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled for
an amount other than the recorded amount
 a gain or loss is recognized. The Company has no assets that are legally restricted for
purposes of settling asset retirement obligations.


asset retirement obligation transactions recorded in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC 410-20-25 during the years ended
December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013:



    



    
    
    

    
160
665
67
145

    
    
(19
848

    
103
778
70
698

    
    
33
651

    
22
361
9
019

    
286
804
160
665






derivative instruments on the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value. The Company has not designated
its derivative instruments as hedges for accounting purposes and
 as such
 marks its derivative instruments to fair value and recognizes
the realized and unrealized changes in fair value in its statements of operations under the captions &ldquo;Loss on Settled Derivatives&rdquo;
and &ldquo;Losses on the mark-to-market of derivatives.&rdquo;


derivative contracts to hedge against the variability in cash flows associated with the forecasted sale of crude oil production.
While the use of these derivative instruments limits the downside risk of adverse price movements
 their use also limits the upside
revenue potential of upward price movements.


 the counterparty
is required to make a payment to the Company if the settlement price for any settlement period is less than the swap price and
the Company is required to make a payment to the counterparty if the settlement price for any period is greater than the swap price.
For a collar contract
 the counterparty is required to make a payment to the Company if the settlement price for any settlement
period is below the floor price
 the Company is required to make a payment to the counterparty if the settlement price for any
settlement period is above the ceiling price and no payment is required by either party if the settlement price for any settlement
period is between the floor price and the ceiling price.


are settled based on reported settlement prices on commodity exchanges
 with crude oil derivative settlements based on NYMEX West
Texas Intermediate (&ldquo;WTI&rdquo;) pricing.


    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



&nbsp;2014
 the
Company had outstanding derivative contracts with respect to future production as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2015 &ndash; December 31
 2015
24
000
    

    
 2015 &ndash; December 31
 2015
21
000
    

    
 2015 &ndash; December 31
 2015
12
000
    

    
 2015 &ndash; December 31
 2015
30
000
    

    
 2016 &ndash; December 31
 2016
60
000
    

    
 2016 &ndash; December 31
 2016
24
000
    

    
 2017 &ndash; December 31
 2017
78
000
    




    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2015 &ndash; December 31
 2015
36
000
    
    

    
 2016 &ndash; June 30
 2016
10
002
    
    



&nbsp;2014
 the
Company had total volume on open commodity swaps of 249
000 barrels at a weighted average price of approximately $88.97.



unrealized gains and losses on derivative instruments for the periods presented:



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
511
451
53
482

    
    
    


 net
511
451
53
482

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
6
827
126
(134
293

    
966
295
(79
383


 net
7
793
421
(213
676



    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.


Balance Sheet Offsetting of Derivative
Assets and Liabilities


210)-Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities
 requires an entity to disclose information about offsetting arrangements
to enable financial statement users to understand the effects of netting arrangements on an entity&rsquo;s financial position.
The Company adopted the provision of the standard upon entering into our first derivative contract and has provided the applicable
disclosures below with respect to its derivative instruments.


are carried at their fair value in the condensed balance sheets under the captions &ldquo;Current portion of derivative instruments&rdquo;
and &ldquo;Derivative instruments&rdquo;. Derivative instruments from the same counterparty that are subject to contractual terms
which provide for net settlement are reported on a net basis in the condensed balance sheets. The following tables present the
gross amounts of recognized derivative assets and liabilities
 the amounts offset under the netting arrangements with counterparties
and the resulting net amounts presented in the condensed balance sheets for the periods presented
 all at fair value.




    

 2014

 2013

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
7
620
896
(41
151
7
579
745
    
    
    




    

 2014

 2013

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(396
573
182
897
(213
676






amounts disclosed above to the individual financial statement line items in the condensed balance sheets:




    



    
    
    

    
3
571
803
    

    
4
007
942
    

    
7
579
745
    

    
    
    

    
    
(139
065

    
    
(74
611

    
    
(213
676


 net
7
579
745
(213
676




    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.


Note 9 &ndash; Fair Value of Financial
Instruments


inception at April&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2010. Under FASB ASC 820-10-5
 fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell
an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (an exit
price). The standard outlines a valuation framework and creates a fair value hierarchy in order to increase the consistency and
comparability of fair value measurements and the related disclosures. Under GAAP
 certain assets and liabilities must be measured
at fair value
 and FASB ASC 820-10-50 details the disclosures that are required for items measured at fair value.


and a revolving credit facility that must be measured under the fair value standard. The Company&rsquo;s financial assets and liabilities
are measured using inputs from the three levels of the fair value hierarchy. The three levels are as follows:


quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement
date.


prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets
that are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g.
 interest rates
 yield
curves
 etc.)
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means
(market corroborated inputs).


that reflect our assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.






    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



of financial instruments at fair value on a recurring basis in the balances sheet as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013:



    

 2014

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
94
682
    
    

    
    
7
579
745
    

    
94
682
7
579
745
    

    
    
    
    


 net of discounts
    
51
834
603
    

    
    
51
834
603
    

    
94
682
(44
254
858
    




    

 2013

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
150
347
    
    

    
1
150
347
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
213
676
    


 net of discounts
    
30
556
301
    

    
    
30
769
977
    

    
1
150
347
(30
769
977
    



or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 inputs for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013.


facilities. No fair value adjustment was necessary during the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013.


Note 10 &ndash; Revolving Credit Facilities
and Long Term Debt




 as borrower
 entered into
a Credit Agreement dated August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013 and amendments thereto dated December&nbsp;13
&nbsp;2013
 March&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2014
April&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2014
 September&nbsp;11
&nbsp;2014
 and March&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015 (as amended
)
with Cadence Bank
 N.A. (&ldquo;Cadence&rdquo;)
 as lender (the &ldquo;Senior Credit Facility&rdquo;). Under the terms of the Senior
Credit Agreement
 a senior secured revolving line of credit in the maximum aggregate principal amount of $50&nbsp;million is available
from time to time (i) for direct investment in oil and gas properties
 (ii) for general working capital purposes
 including the
issuance of letters of credit
 and (iii) to refinance the then existing debt under the Company&rsquo;s former credit facility with
Dougherty Funding LLC.


is at all times subject to the then-applicable borrowing base
 determined by Cadence in a manner consistent with the normal and
customary oil and gas lending practices of Cadence. Availability was initially set at $7&nbsp;million and is subject to periodic
redeterminations. The availability was $35&nbsp;million as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 and subsequently amended to $34&nbsp;million
on March&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015. Subject to availability under the borrowing base
 the Company may borrow
 repay and re-borrow funds
in amounts of $250
000 or more. At the Company&rsquo;s election
 the unpaid principal balance of any borrowings under the Senior
Credit Facility may bear interest at either (i) the Base Rate
 as defined in the Senior Credit Facility
 plus the applicable margin
which varies from 1.00% to 1.50% or (ii) the LIBOR rate
 as defined in the Senior Credit Facility
 plus the applicable margin
which varies from 3.00% to 3.50%. Interest is payable for Base Rate loans on the last business day of the month and for LIBOR loans
on the last LIBOR business day of each LIBOR interest period. The Company is also required to pay a quarterly fee of 0.50% on any
unused portion of the borrowing base
 as well as a facility fee of 0.90% of the initial and any subsequent additions to the borrowing
base.



    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.




date of August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2016
 was subsequently amended to January&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2017 pursuant to the amendment on March&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015.
The Company may prepay the entire amount of Base Rate loans at any time
 and may prepay the entire amount of LIBOR loans upon at
least three business days&rsquo; notice to Cadence. The Senior Credit Facility is secured by first priority interests in mortgages
on substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 including but not limited to the Company&rsquo;s mineral interests in North
Dakota and Montana.


and 13&nbsp;million outstanding under the Senior Credit Agreement as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 respectively.



 as borrower
 entered into
a Second Lien Credit Agreement dated August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013 and amendments thereto dated December&nbsp;13
&nbsp;2013
 March&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2014
April&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2014
 September&nbsp;11
&nbsp;2014
 and March&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015 (as amended
 the &ldquo;Subordinated Credit
Agreement&rdquo;) by and among the Company
 as borrower
 Chambers Energy Management
 LP
 as administrative agent (&ldquo;Chambers&rdquo;)
and the several other lenders named therein (the &ldquo;Subordinated Credit Facility&rdquo;). Under the Subordinated Credit Facility
term loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $75&nbsp;million are available from time to time (i) to repay the Previous
Credit Facility
 (ii) for fees and closing costs in connection with both the Senior Credit Facility and the Subordinated Credit
Facility (together
 the &ldquo;Credit Facilities&rdquo;)
 and (iii) general corporate purposes.


initial commitment availability of $25&nbsp;million
 which was subsequently amended to the current availability of $30&nbsp;million
with the remaining commitments subject to the approval of Chambers and other customary conditions. The Company may borrow the available
commitments in amounts of $5&nbsp;million or more and shall not request borrowings of such loans more than once a month
 provided
that the initial draw was at least $15&nbsp;million. Loans under the Subordinated Credit Facility shall be funded net of a 2%&nbsp;OID.
The unpaid principal balance of borrowings under the Subordinated Credit Facility bears interest at the Cash Interest Rate plus
the PIK Interest Rate. The Cash Interest Rate is 9.00% per annum plus a rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) 1.00% and (ii)
the offered rate for three-month deposits in U.S. dollars that appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR 01 as of 11:00 a.m. (London time)
on the second full LIBOR business day preceding the first day of each calendar quarter. The PIK Interest Rate is equal to 4.00%
per annum. Interest is payable on the last day of each month. The Company is also required to pay an annual nonrefundable administration
fee of $50
000 and a monthly availability fee computed at a rate of 0.50% per annum on the average daily amount of any unused portion
of the available amount under the commitment.


on June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2017. Upon at least three business days&rsquo; written notice
 the Company may prepay the entire amount under
the loans
 together with accrued interest. Each prepayment made prior to the second anniversary of the funding date
 as defined
in the Subordinated Credit Facility
 shall be accompanied by a make-whole amount
 as defined in the Subordinated Credit Agreement.
Prepayments made on or after the second anniversary of the funding date shall be accompanied by an applicable premium
 as set forth
in the Subordinated Credit Agreement. The Subordinated Credit Facility is secured by second priority interests on substantially
all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 including but not limited to second priority mortgages on the Company&rsquo;s mineral interests
in North Dakota and Montana.


Credit Facility occurred on September&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2013 at which time we drew $14
700
000
 net of a $300
000 original issue discount
from the Subordinated Credit Agreement and used $10
226
057 of those proceeds to repay and terminate the Dougherty revolving credit
facility. We have drawn an additional $14
700
000
 net of $300
000 original issue discounts
 through December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014.
The Company had borrowings of $30&nbsp;million and $20&nbsp;million outstanding under the Subordinated Credit Facility as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
and&nbsp;2013
 respectively.


    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.




an Intercreditor Agreement dated August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013 (the &ldquo;Intercreditor Agreement&rdquo;). The Intercreditor Agreement
provides that any liens on the assets of the Company securing indebtedness under the Subordinated Credit Facility are subordinate
to liens on the assets securing indebtedness under the Senior Credit Facility and sets forth the respective rights
 obligations
and remedies of the lenders under the Senior Credit Facility with respect to their first priority liens and the lenders under the
Subordinated Credit Facility with respect to their second priority liens.



 as amended
 require
customary affirmative and negative covenants for credit facilities of the respective types and sizes for companies operating in
the oil and gas industry
 as well as customary events of default. Furthermore
 the Credit Facilities contain financial covenants
that require the Company to satisfy certain specified financial ratios. The Senior Credit Agreement requires the Company to maintain
(i) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company
 a collateral coverage ratio (reserve value plus consolidated working
capital to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014
 0.70 to 1.00 for
the quarters ending September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014 and December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 was waived for the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 and 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015 and thereafter
 (ii) a ratio of current assets
 including
debt facility available to be drawn
 to current liabilities of a minimum of 1.0 to 1.0
 (iii) a net debt to EBITDAX
 as defined
in the Senior Credit Agreement
 ratio of 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ended March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters
ended June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014 and September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014
 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
was waived for the quarter ended March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarters ending June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015 and
September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 and 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter
ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and thereafter
 in each case calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis
 (iv) a maximum
senior leverage ratio of not more than 2.5 to 1.0 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis
 and (v) a minimum interest
coverage ratio of not less than 3.0 to 1.0. The Subordinated Credit Agreement requires the Company to maintain (i) as of the last
day of each fiscal quarter of the Company
 a collateral coverage ratio (reserve value plus consolidated working capital to adjusted
indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014
 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarters ending
September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014 and December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 was waived for the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 and
0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 and 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015 and thereafter
 (ii) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter
of the Company
 a consolidated net leverage ratio (adjusted total indebtedness less the amount of unrestricted cash equivalents
to consolidated EBITDA) of no more than 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters
ending June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014 and September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014
 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
was waived for the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarters ending June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015 and
September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 and 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter
ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and thereafter
 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis
 (iii) as of the last day
of any fiscal quarter of the Company
 a consolidated cash interest coverage ratio (consolidated EBITDA to consolidated cash interest
expense) of no less than 2.5 to 1.0
 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis and (iv) as of the last day of any period
of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company
 a ratio of consolidated current assets to consolidated current liabilities
of at least 1.0 to 1.0. In addition
 each of the Credit Facilities requires that the Company enter into hedging agreements based
on anticipated oil production from currently producing wells as agreed to by the lenders. The Company is in compliance with all
covenants
 as amended
 for the period ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014.

Debt Discount
 Detachable Warrants

Facility
 the Company agreed to issue to the lenders detachable warrants to purchase up to 5
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock at an exercise price of $0.65 per share. The warrants expire on August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2018. Proceeds from the loan were
allocated between the debt and equity based on the relative fair values at the time of issuance
 resulting in a debt discount of
$2
473
576 at issuance that is presented as a debt discount on the balance sheet and is being amortized using the effective interest
method over the life of the credit facility
 which matures on June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2017. A total of $628
195 and $199
632 was amortized
during the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013. The remaining unamortized balance of the debt discount attributable
to the warrants is $1
645
749 as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014.

Dougherty Revolving Credit Facility
(former credit facility)

&nbsp;2012
 the Company
entered into a Secured Revolving Credit Agreement with Dougherty Funding
 LLC (&ldquo;Dougherty&rdquo;) as Lender which was subsequently
amended on September&nbsp;5
&nbsp;2012 and December&nbsp;14
&nbsp;2012 with an Amended and Restated Secured Revolving Credit Agreement
(collectively the &ldquo;Dougherty Credit Facility&rdquo;).


for a maximum available amount of $20&nbsp;million
 of which $16.5&nbsp;million was available prior to termination of the facility
with interest payable on the outstanding balance at a rate of 9.25% per year and a maturity date of August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2015. In
connection with the amended financing
 the Company issued Dougherty Funding LLC warrants to purchase 585
000&nbsp;shares of the
Company&rsquo;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.38&nbsp;per share. The warrants expire on August&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015.


&nbsp;2013
 we repaid
the Dougherty Credit Facility with proceeds from the Subordinated Credit Facility.


    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



facilities and long term debts consisted of the following as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 respectively:



    



    
    
    


 Cadence Bank
 N.A.
22
600
000
13
000
000


 Chambers
30
000
000
20
000
000


 Chambers
1
307
086
201
883

    
    
    

    
53
907
086
33
201
883

    
(426
734
(371
638

    
(1
645
749
(2
273
944


 net of discounts
51
834
603
30
556
301

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
51
834
603
30
556
301



received from our $30&nbsp;million in advances due to $600
000 of OID pursuant to the Subordinated Credit Agreement at issuance
that is presented as a debt discount on the balance sheet and is being amortized using the effective interest method over the life
of the credit facility
 which matures on June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2017. A total of $144
904 and $28
362 was amortized during the years
ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 respectively. The remaining unamortized balance of the debt discount attributable
to the OID is $426
734 as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014.


expense for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 respectively:



    



    
    
    


 accrued PIK interest
1
105
203
201
883


 amortization of OID
144
904
28
362


 interest and commitment fees
3
453
349
1
092
372


 amortization of debt issuance costs
326
258
749
920


 amortization of warrant costs
628
195
307
822

    
(372
673
    

    
5
285
236
2
380
359



Note 11 &ndash; Stockholders&rsquo;
Equity



000
000 authorized shares
of $0.001 par value preferred stock. No shares have been issued to date.



000
000 authorized
shares of $0.001 par value common stock.


    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.





all options granted during the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 CEO
58
000
    
    
    
    
    
12
974
    
    

    

 CFO
40
000
    
    
    
    
    
8
947
    
    

    

 COO
40
000
    
    
    
    
    
8
947
    
    

    
    
36
000
    
    
    
    
    
8
053
    
    

    
    
12
000
    
    
    
    
    
2
684
    
    

    
    
12
000
    
    
    
    
    
2
684
    
    

    
    
2
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 Director
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
29
563
    
    

    

 Director
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
29
563
    
    

    

 Director
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
29
563
    
    

    
    
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
29
988
    
    

    
    
27
500
    
    
    
    
    
18
639
1
976
    

    
    
5
000
    
    
    
    
    
2
735
    
    

    
    
632
500
    
    
    
    
    
184
787
4
311
    









    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



all options granted during the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 CEO
750
000
    
    
    
    
    
425
595
85
120
4
431

    

 CFO
200
000
    
    
    
    
    
113
492
22
700
1
182

    

 COO
250
000
    
    
    
    
    
141
865
28
372
1
477

    
    
175
000
    
    
    
    
    
99
306
19
860
1
034

    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
14
187
2
836
    

    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
5
675
1
136
    

    

 Director
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
56
746
11
348
    

    

 Director
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
56
746
11
348
    

    

 Director
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
56
746
11
348
    

    
    
20
000
    
    
    
    
    
10
886
2
176
    

    
Michael Eisele
 COO
165
000
    
    
    
    
    
91
087
18
216
7
590

    
    
12
500
    
    
    
    
    
5
907
1
180
1
099

    
    
70
000
    
    
    
    
    
33
077
6
616
6
158

    

 COO
165
000
    
    
    
    
    
77
968
15
592
14
514

    

 CFO
115
000
    
    
    
    
    
54
341
10
868
10
116

    

 CEO
400
000
    
    
    
    
    
189
014
37
804
35
189

    
    
2
657
500
    
    
    
    
    
1
432
638
286
520
85
140



All options vest in equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of the grant
are exercisable for 10 years from the date of the grant and are being amortized over the implied service term
 or vesting period
of the options.

Mr. Eisele was promoted to Chief Operating Officer effective August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2013.


    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.




&nbsp;2014
 27
500 common
stock options with a strike price of $0.782 were forfeited pursuant to the resignation of an employee.


&nbsp;2013
 166
667
common stock options were forfeited pursuant to the resignation of an officer.


2014 or 2013.



&nbsp;2014
 a total
of 12
000 options with a strike price of $0.92 per share expired.


&nbsp;2014
 a total of
24
000 options with a strike price of $0.51 per share expired.


December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013.



ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013.


about the Stock Options outstanding at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

208
834
    
    

114
501
    



estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions used
for grants under the fixed option plan:



    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



was developed for use in estimating the fair value of short-term traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully
transferable. In addition
 option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including expected stock
price volatility. Because the Company&rsquo;s employee stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of
traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&rsquo;s
opinion the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee stock options.
During the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013 there were no options granted with an exercise price below the
fair value of the underlying stock at the grant date.


    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



of outstanding stock options:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2012
4
149
001
    

    
    
    

    
(166
667
    

    
2
657
500
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2013
6
639
834
    

    
(36
000
    

    
(27
500
    

    
632
500
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2014
7
208
834
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2014
3
114
501
    



$578
919 and $643
817 from the amortization of common stock options during the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
respectively.






ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014.


&nbsp;2013
 in connection
with entering into the Subordinated Credit Facility
 the Company agreed to issue to the lenders cashless warrants to purchase up
to 5
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.65 per share. The warrants expire on August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2018.
The estimated fair value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
 based on a volatility rate of 114%
 risk-free interest rate of
1.38% and a call option value of $0.4947 was $2
473
576 and is being amortized using the effective interest method over the life
of the credit facility
 which matures on June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2017. Proceeds from the sale were allocated between the debt and equity
based on the relative fair values at the time of issuance. The fair value of $2
473
576 is presented as a debt discount on the
balance sheet and a total of $628
195 and $199
632 was amortized during the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
respectively. The remaining unamortized balance of those warrants is $1
645
749 as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014.



000 warrants with a strike
price of $1.50 per share were voluntarily forfeited on December&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014. No warrants were cancelled during the years
ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013.



December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013.



ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013.


    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



about the Warrants outstanding at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

133
375
    
    

133
375
    



estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions used
for grants under the fixed option plan:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



was developed for use in estimating the fair value of short-term traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully
transferable. In addition
 option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including expected stock
price volatility. Because the Company&rsquo;s warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded warrants
and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&rsquo;s opinion
the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its warrants. During the years ended
December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 there were no warrants granted with an exercise price below the fair value of the underlying
stock at the grant date.


of outstanding warrants:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2012
4
463
375
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
000
000
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2013
9
463
375
    

    
    
    

    
(330
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2014
9
133
375
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2014
9
133
375
    



    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.


Note 14 &ndash; Income
Taxes


of ASC Topic 740

 
deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences
 using currently enacted tax laws
attributable to temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
the amounts calculated for income tax purposes.


years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013 consisted of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
559
195
(698
851

    
    
    

    
2
559
195
(698
851



ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013 consisted of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 decreased by&nbsp;0.26% from&nbsp;2.35% as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013
 to&nbsp;2.09%. This
decrease in the effective tax rate is attributable to changes in the Company&rsquo;s state apportionment factors in the current
year. In 2013
 due to the legal settlement amounts and non-oil &amp; gas revenue the Company received during previous years being
sourced to the state of Minnesota for income tax purposes
 a larger percentage of the Company&rsquo;s activity was expected to
be apportioned to that state. As compared to North Dakota
 the other state the Company files tax returns in which has a corporate
income tax rate of 4.53%
 the state of Minnesota has a 9.80% corporate income tax rate. This change in apportionment resulted in
a 34.49% increase in the effective tax rate for 2013 based on its effect on the carrying value of the net deferred tax liability.


    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



and liabilities as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013 are as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
10
438
275
7
465
973

    
1
558
409
1
118
426

    
    
79
806

    
49
693
50
040

    
106
377
60
007

    
12
152
754
8
774
252

    
    
    

    
    
    


 intangible drilling costs and other exploration costs capitalized for financial reporting purposes
(15
344
769
(12
229
818

    
(2
811
366
    

    
(10
107
(13
764

    
(18
166
242
(12
243
582

    
    
    

    
(6
013
488
(3
469
330

    
(579
552
(564
515

    
(6
593
040
(4
033
845



&nbsp;2014
 the
Company has net operating loss carryover of approximately $28
142
712. Under existing Federal law
 the net operating loss may be
utilized to offset taxable income through the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2032. A portion of the net operating loss carryover
begins to expire in 2030.


allowance is recognized if
 based on the weight of available evidence
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the
deferred tax asset will not be realized. The Company had recognized a valuation allowance reducing the carrying value of its deferred
tax asset by $564
515 as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013. As of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 the Company has increased its valuation
allowance by $15
037 to $579
552. This increase was to more accurately reflect an allowance on only a portion of its deferred tax
assets which the Company believes it is more likely than not that the benefit of these assets will not be realized.


US Federal income tax returns and annual income tax returns for the states of Minnesota
 North Dakota and Montana. We are not subject
to income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2010 for all returns. Income taxing authorities have conducted no
formal examinations of our past federal or state income tax returns and supporting records.


provisions of ASC Topic 740 regarding uncertainty in income taxes. The Company has found no significant uncertain tax positions
as of any date on or before December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014.



    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.


Note 15 &ndash; Commitments
and Contingencies


administrative proceedings and litigation relating to matters arising in the normal course of business. The Company is not currently
a defendant in any material litigation and is not aware of any threatened litigation that could have a material effect on the Company.
Management is not able to estimate the minimum loss to be incurred
 if any
 as a result of the final outcome of the matters arising
in the normal course of business but believes they are not likely to have a material adverse effect upon the Company&rsquo;s financial
position or results of operations and
 accordingly
 no provision for loss has been recorded.


balances at banks in excess of federally insured amounts. The extent of loss
 if any
 to be sustained as a result of any future
failure of a bank or other financial institution is not subject to estimation at this time.


its participation in upcoming well development by signing an Authorization for Expenditure (&ldquo;AFE&rdquo;). As of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
the Company had committed to AFE&rsquo;s of approximately $16.5&nbsp;million beyond amounts previously paid or accrued. Additionally
the Company acquired a lease for mineral rights from the State of North Dakota on February&nbsp;14
&nbsp;2012 for 110&nbsp;acres
or an 8.7% working interest in the Dahl Federal 2-15H well that spud on January&nbsp;6
&nbsp;2012. The acreage we purchased lies
within the riverbed of the Missouri River and there is currently third-party litigation ongoing in the State of North Dakota pertaining
to the state&rsquo;s ownership claim to similar riparian acreage. We have signed an AFE for the well and the operator has agreed
to retroactively honor the AFE if the state is successful in defending its ownership claim. As a result we have not capitalized
any of the AFE costs or recognized any sales from this well. Our proportion of the well costs
 based on the AFE and our working
interest
 is approximately $800
000. The well started production on May&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2012. Had we recognized the revenue and expenses
from this well we would have recorded approximately an additional $230
000
 $451
000 and $468
000 in oil and gas sales for the
years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 and $63
000
 $110
000 and $124
000 of production taxes and
operating expenses for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. In the event the state is not
successful in defending its ownership claim
 the state is required to refund the Company the cost to purchase the lease.


Note 16 &ndash; Subsequent
Events




&nbsp;2015 through
March&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2015
 the Company received cumulative advances
 net of repayments
 of $3.35&nbsp;million pursuant to the Credit
Facility with Cadence.


 2015
 we amended the Credit
Facility with Cadence Bank
 N.A. to extend the termination date of the Loan Commitment from August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2016 to January&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2017
decrease the borrowing base from $35&nbsp;million to $34&nbsp;million and to waive the Net Debt to EBITDAX Ratio and the Collateral
Coverage Ratio covenants for the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015. In addition
 the Amendment
 for purposes of determining
compliance with financial covenants
 changes the Maximum Net Debt to EBITDAX Ratio and the Minimum Collateral Coverage Ratio. Whereas
the Senior Credit Facility initially provided for a Maximum Net Debt to EBITDAX Ratio of 3.50 to 1.00 as of the end of each quarter
commencing with the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 the Amendment revises the Maximum Net Debt to EBITDAX to 3.65 to 1.00
for the quarter ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and thereafter.
In addition
 whereas the Senior Credit Facility initially provided for a Minimum Collateral Coverage Ratio of 0.80 to 1.00 as of
the end of each quarter commencing with the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 the Amendment revises the Minimum Collateral
Coverage Ratio to 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 and 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015 and thereafter.


amended on March&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 to waive the Net Leverage Ratio and the Collateral Coverage Ratio covenants for the quarter
ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015. In addition
 the Amendment
 for purposes of determining compliance with financial covenants
 changes
the Maximum Net Leverage Ratio and the Minimum Collateral Coverage Ratio. Whereas the Subordinated Credit Facility initially provided
for a Maximum Net Leverage Ratio of 3.50 to 1.00 as of the end of each quarter commencing with the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
the Amendment revises the Maximum Net Leverage Ratio to 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 and 3.50
to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and thereafter. In addition
 whereas the Subordinated Credit Facility
initially provided for a Minimum Collateral Coverage Ratio of 0.80 to 1.00 as of the end of each quarter commencing with the quarter
ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 the Amendment revises the Minimum Collateral Coverage Ratio to 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending
June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 and 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter
ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015 and thereafter.



 2015
 the Company purchased
9.3571&nbsp;net leasehold acres in oil and gas properties in North Dakota for approximately $102
928.



 2015
 the Company sold 9&nbsp;net
leasehold acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota for proceeds of $99
000.


    
    




Oil and Natural
Gas Exploration and Production Activities


and gas sales reflect the market prices of net production sold or transferred with appropriate adjustments for royalties
 net profits
interest
 and other contractual provisions. Production expenses include lifting costs incurred to operate and maintain productive
wells and related equipment including such costs as operating labor
 repairs and maintenance
 materials
 supplies and fuel consumed.
Production taxes include production and severance taxes. Depletion of oil and natural gas properties relates to capitalized costs
incurred in acquisition
 exploration
 and development activities. Results of operations do not include interest expense and general
corporate amounts. The results of operations for the Company's oil and natural gas production activities are provided in the Company's
related statements of operations.

Costs Incurred
and Capitalized Costs


capitalized costs related to the Company&rsquo;s oil and gas producing activities were as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
112
418
105
79
361
432

    
591
121
2
798
795


 depletion and amortization
 and impairment
(18
820
963
(9
461
011

    
94
188
263
72
699
216



Company incurred the following costs for oil and natural gas acquisition
 exploration and development activities during the years
ended December 31
 2014 and 2013:



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
164
469
24
177
260

    
    
653
394

    
29
022
721
14
748
963

    
32
187
150
39
579
617



costs for unproved properties are accumulated by year. Costs are reflected in the full cost pool as the drilling costs are incurred
or as costs are evaluated and deemed impaired. The Company anticipates these excluded costs will be included in the depletion computation
over the next five years. The Company is unable to predict the future impact on depletion rates. The following is a summary of
capitalized costs excluded from depletion:



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
591
121
2
498
452

    
    
300
343

    
591
121
2
798
795



    
    




Oil and Natural
Gas Reserves and Related Financial Data

Information
with respect to the Company's crude oil and natural gas producing activities is presented in the following tables. Reserve quantities
as well as certain information regarding future production and discounted cash flows

 Sewell
&amp; Associates

 independent petroleum consultants based on information provided by the Company.

Oil and
Natural Gas Reserve Data


following tables present the Company's independent petroleum consultants' estimates of its proved oil and natural gas reserves.
The Company emphasizes that reserves are approximations and are expected to change as additional information becomes available.
Reservoir engineering is a subjective process of estimating underground accumulations of crude oil and natural gas that cannot
be measured in an exact way and the accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering
and geological interpretation and judgment.



    
    
    

    
    
    


 2012
2
116
133
1
604
688

    
(287
354
(246
121


 discoveries and other additions
2
800
070
1
811
443

    
(454
378
(338
444

    
(99
979
(52
973


 2013
4
074
492
2
778
593

    
(201
995
(131
966


 discoveries and other additions
1
199
673
925
763

    
(17
982
(12
482

    
(256
257
(213
141


 2014
4
797
931
3
346
767

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2013
927
272
652
793


 2014
1
799
515
1
363
076

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2013
3
147
220
2
125
800


 2014
2
998
416
1
983
691



reserves are estimated quantities of oil and natural gas
 which geological and engineering data indicate with reasonable certainty
to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions. Proved developed reserves
are proved reserves that can be expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods.
Proved undeveloped reserves are included for reserves for which there is a high degree of confidence in their recoverability and
they are scheduled to be drilled within the next five years.


Company recognized significant additions in net quantities of its proved reserves relating to acquisitions
 extensions
 discoveries
and other additions during the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013. The Company&rsquo;s increase
in proved reserves during both of the years presented was primarily due to acquisitions
 extensions
 discoveries
 and other additions
related to drilling activity in and adjacent to our Bakken/Three Forks acreage. During that period
 the Company&rsquo;s net producing
well count increased from 2.30 net wells at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2012 to 7.88 net wells at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014. This
rapid growth caused the Company&rsquo;s proved reserves to grow significantly. As a percentage of total acquisitions
 extensions
discoveries and other additions to proved reserves for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013
 48% and 83%
respectively
 were to the Company&rsquo;s proved undeveloped reserves.


    
    






Company sold or swapped undeveloped acreage in&nbsp;2013 that accounted for 510
785&nbsp;BOE. This acreage was sold to diversify
risk or because the proposed development of this acreage did not meet our return criteria.


2013
 we had a negative revision of 328
374 BOE
 or 14%
 of our December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2012 estimated proved reserves balance.
The primary cause for these revisions was negative well performances. In 2013
 within portions of our areas of operation
 actual
well results underperformed relative to the forecasts in our December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2012 reserve report. The proved undeveloped
forecasts in these areas were also adjusted to reflect these well performances in our December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013 reserve report.
The majority of the negative revision in 2014 was due to proved undeveloped wells becoming uneconomic due to reductions in the
price of oil.

Standardized
Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Inflows and Changes Therein


following table presents a standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to proved oil and natural gas reserves
and the changes in standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to proved oil and natural gas were prepared
in accordance with the provisions of ASC 932-235-50-5. Future cash inflows were computed by applying average prices of oil and
natural gas for the first day of the last twelve months as of December 31
 2014 to estimated future production. Future production
and development costs were computed by estimating the expenditures to be incurred in developing and producing the proved oil and
natural gas reserves at the end of the year
 based on year-end costs and assuming continuation of existing economic conditions.
Future income tax expenses were calculated by applying appropriate year-end tax rates to future pretax cash flows relating to proved
oil and natural gas reserves
 less the tax basis of properties involved and tax credits and loss carryforwards relating to oil
and natural gas producing activities. Future net cash flows are discounted at the rate of 10% annually to derive the standardized
measure of discounted future cash flows. Actual future cash inflows may vary considerably
 and the standardized measure does not
necessarily represent the fair value of the Company's oil and natural gas reserves. The following is a summary of the Company&rsquo;s
standardized measure of discounted future cash flows for the years as indicated:



    



    
    
    

    
423
219
613
385
294
210

    
(148
863
530
(136
845
985

    
(78
208
378
(84
614
646

    
(42
717
592
(38
354
449

    
153
430
113
125
479
130

    
(68
308
455
(63
819
859

    
85
121
658
61
659
271



twelve month average prices were adjusted to reflect applicable transportation and quality differentials on a well-by-well basis
to arrive at realized sales prices used to estimate the Company's reserves. The prices for the Company's reserve estimates were
as follows:




    
    
    

    
    
    


 2014
    
    

    
    
    


 2013
    
    





    
    





in the Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows at 10% per annum are as follows:



    



    
    
    


 beginning of year
61
659
271
21
714
721


 net of production costs
(16
193
558
(7
115
063

    
(6
329
518
287
564

    
(5
567
648
(6
149
984

    
34
053
998
54
306
464

    
1
453
332
2
772
759

    
(276
920
(4
437
843

    
8
946
915
5
568
753

    
7
437
666
2
793
885

    
(2
523
100
(6
493
210

    
2
461
220
(1
588
775


 end of year
85
121
658
61
659
271








    
    

ITEM
9.&#9;CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.









of disclosure controls and procedures that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
we file or furnish to the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosures.


&nbsp;2014
we carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined) in Exchange Act
Rules 13a &ndash;15(e). Based upon that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
 as
of the end of the period covered in this report
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
within the required time periods and is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


Officer and Chief Financial Officer do not expect that our disclosure controls or internal controls will prevent all error and
all fraud. Although our disclosure controls and procedures were designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives
and our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have determined that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective
at doing so
 a control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute assurance that
the objectives of the system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the Company
have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
 and that
breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally
 controls can be circumvented if there exists in an individual
a desire to do so. There can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions.

Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting.


for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule
13a-15(f). The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions
regardless of how remote. All internal control systems
 no matter how well designed
 have inherent limitations. Because of its
inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be
effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.


under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness
of our internal controls over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014. In making this assessment
 our management
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in &ldquo;Internal Control
&mdash; Integrated Framework (1992).&rdquo; Based on this assessment
 management believes that
 as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria.


    
    

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting


changes in the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting through the date of this report or during the quarter
ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 that materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.

Independent Registered Accountant&rsquo;s
Internal Control Attestation


does not include an attestation report of the Company&rsquo;s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by the Company&rsquo;s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to applicable law.












    
    



ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


officers and directors as of March&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2015:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    







Kenneth DeCubellis
has been our chief executive officer since November&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2011. Prior to joining Black Ridge
 Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis
was the president and chief executive officer of Altra Inc.
a venture capital backed biofuels company based in Los Angeles
 California. He joined Altra in June&nbsp;2006 as vice president
business development and was promoted to president in November of 2007 and chief executive officer in February 2008. From 1996
to 2006
 he was an executive with Exxon Mobil Corp in Houston
 Texas. Mr. DeCubellis also previously served as the chairman of
KD Global Energy Belize Ltd.
 a company that provides technical and business services for petroleum lease holders in Belize. Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis
holds a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and an MBA from Northwestern University&rsquo;s JL
Kellogg Graduate School of Management.





Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis
has been our chief executive officer since November&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2011
 chief executive officer of Altra Inc. (2008 to 2011)
 vice
president- president of Altra Inc. (2006 to 2011)
 and an executive with Exxon Mobil Corp in Houston
 Texas. (1996 to 2006).

Industry experience - Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis
has been our chief executive officer from November&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2011 and has broad energy experience as
 chief executive officer
of Altra Inc.
 a biofuel company
 and executive experience with Exxon Mobil Corp.

Education experience - Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis
holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (1990)
 an MBA from Northwestern University&rsquo;s JL
Kellogg Graduate School of Management (1996)
 and a Masters of Engineering Management from Northwestern University&rsquo;s McCormick
School of Engineering (1996).


has been the chief operating officer of Black Ridge since August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2013
 and prior to that had served as the Company&rsquo;s
vice president of land since August&nbsp;2012
 overseeing the Company&rsquo;s acreage portfolio and managing acquisitions and divestitures.
Mr. Eisele brings over five years of oil and gas lease experience in the Williston Basin and greater Rocky Mountain region. Prior
to joining the Company
 Mr. Eisele was the co-owner and landman of High West Resources
 Ltd. from 2011 to 2012
 the owner of Eisele
Resources LLC from 2009 to 2012
 and a self-employed landman from 2007 to 2009. Mr. Eisele is a graduate of Luther College (B.A.).


Eisele&rsquo;s qualifications:


Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Eisele
has been our chief operating officer since August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2013
 and our vice president of land from August 2012 to July 2013
co-owner and landman of High West Resources
 Ltd. (2011 to 2012)
 owner of Eisele Resources LLC (2009 to 2012) and a self-employed
landman (2007 to 2009).

Industry experience - Mr.&nbsp;Eisele
has been our chief operating officer from August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2013 and has over five years of oil and gas lease experience in the
Williston Basin and greater Rocky Mountain region.

Education experience - Mr.&nbsp;Eisele
holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Luther College in 2005.



When Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis became CEO of Altra Inc in 2008
 the company was in deep financial distress. Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis implemented
a comprehensive corporate wide restructuring effort that was completed in 2009. This included restructuring and eliminating all
of the debt at Altra Inc
 raising capital at Altra Inc and refocusing the strategy of the company on a technology license. As part
of this restructuring
 certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of Altra
 Inc. surrendered assets to lenders or entered in receivership.


    
    



has been the chief financial officer of Black Ridge since March&nbsp;14
&nbsp;2011. Mr.&nbsp;Moe had previously been the chief
financial officer of Northern Contours Inc.
 a multi-state manufacturing company located in Mendota Heights
 Minnesota specializing
in cabinet doors and work surfaces
 since August 2005. From January 2004 to August 2005
 he was the chief financial officer of
Trimodal Inc.
 a trucking and container handling company located in Bloomington
 Minnesota
 which operated in seven cities in the
Midwest and East Coast. From April 2000 to December 2003
 Mr. Moe was the corporate controller of Simondelivers.com
 a venture
capital backed start-up company located in Golden Valley
 Minnesota providing home delivery of groceries ordered over the internet.
From October 1994 to April 2000
 he was the corporate controller of Recovery Engineering Inc.
 a high growth publicly traded manufacturer
and distributor of small-scale water filters located in Brooklyn Park
 Minnesota. From November 1989 to October 1994
 Mr. Moe was
the controller of Standard Iron and Wire Works
 a privately held multi-division metal fabricator operating three plants in Minnesota.
Upon graduating from the University of Minnesota with a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting in 1985
 Mr. Moe worked as a senior
accountant until November 1989 for Boulay
 Heutmaker
 Zibell &amp; Company.




Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Moe
has been our chief financial officer since March&nbsp;14
&nbsp;2011
 chief financial officer of Northern Contours Inc. (2005 to
2011)
 and chief financial officer of Trimodal Inc. (2004 to 2005).

Industry experience - Mr.&nbsp;Moe has
been our chief financial officer since March&nbsp;14
&nbsp;2011 and has served as a chief financial officer for businesses in other
industries. Black Ridge is the first oil and gas company for which Mr. Moe has provided management services.

Education experience - Mr.&nbsp;Moe holds
a bachelor of science degree in accounting from the University of Minnesota (1985).

Bradley Berman
has been a director of Black Ridge since our inception and our chairman since November&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2010. He was our chief
executive officer from November&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2010 to November&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2011
 our chief financial officer between November&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2010
and November&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2010
 and our corporate secretary from November&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2010 to February&nbsp;22
&nbsp;2011. Mr.&nbsp;Berman
is the president of King Show Games
 Inc.
 a company he founded in 1998. Mr.&nbsp;Berman has worked in various capacities in casino
gaming from 1992 to 2004 for Grand Casinos
&nbsp;Inc. and then Lakes Entertainment
&nbsp;Inc.
 achieving the position of Vice President
of Gaming
 after which he assumed a lesser role in that company. Mr. Berman was a director of Voyager Oil and Gas
&nbsp;Inc. (formerly
Ante4 and WPT) from August 2004 to November 2010.



Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Berman
has been our chairman since November&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2010 and was our chief executive officer from November&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2010 to
November&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2011 and he is the founder and president of King Show Games
&nbsp;Inc.

Finance experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Berman
is the founder and president of King Show Games
&nbsp;Inc.

Industry experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Berman
was a director of Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. until November 2010.

Education experience - Mr.&nbsp;Berman
attended Mankato State University in Minnesota and University of Nevada at Las Vegas in Nevada concentrating in business and computer
science.




    
    

Benjamin S. Oehler
has been a director of Black Ridge since November&nbsp;16
&nbsp;2010
 and chairman of our audit committee and compensation
committee since February&nbsp;22
&nbsp;2011. Mr. Oehler is the president and founder of Bashaw Group
&nbsp;Inc.
 which he founded
in 2007. Bashaw Group advises business owners with regard to strategic planning
 owner governance and education
 business continuity
legacy
 philanthropy and liquidity. Prior to founding Bashaw Group
 Mr. Oehler was from 1999 to 2007 the president and chief executive
officer of Waycrosse
&nbsp;Inc.
 a financial advisory firm for the family owners of Cargill Incorporated. While at Waycrosse
 Mr.&nbsp;Oehler
was the primary advisor to the five family members who were serving on the Cargill Incorporated board of directors from 1999 to
2006. Mr.&nbsp;Oehler played a key role in two major growth initiatives for Cargill: the merger of Cargill&rsquo;s fertilizer business
into a public company which is now Mosaic
&nbsp;Inc.
 and the transformation of Cargill&rsquo;s proprietary financial markets trading
group into two major investment management companies: Black River Asset Management
&nbsp;LLC and CarVal Investors
&nbsp;LLC. An
investment banker for 20 years
 Mr.&nbsp;Oehler&rsquo;s transaction experience includes public offerings and private placements
of debt and equity securities
 mergers and acquisitions
 fairness opinions and valuations of private companies. Prior to joining
Waycrosse
 Mr.&nbsp;Oehler was an investment banker for Piper Jaffray. By the time he left Piper Jaffray in 1999
 he was group
head for Piper&rsquo;s Industrial Growth Team. He has also played a leadership role in a number of corporate buy-outs and venture
stage companies
 served on corporate and non-profit boards of directors
 and has been involved in the creation and oversight of
foundations and charitable organizations
 as well as U.S. trusts and off shore entities.


been a board member and founder of many non-profit organizations including the Minnesota Zoological Society
 Minnesota Landscape
Arboretum
 The Lake Country Land School
 Greencastle Tropical Study Center
 Park Nicollet Institute
 Afton Historical Society Press
United Theological Seminary and University of Minnesota Investment Advisor
 Inc. He has been a director of Waycrosse
&nbsp;Inc.
WayTrust&nbsp;Inc.
 Dain Equity Partners
&nbsp;Inc.
 Time Management
&nbsp;Inc.
 BioNIR
&nbsp;Inc. and Agricultural Solutions
&nbsp;Inc.
In September 2007
 Mr.&nbsp;Oehler completed the Stanford University Law School Directors Forum
 a three-day update on key issues
facing corporate directors presented by the Stanford Business School and Stanford Law School. From 1984 through 1999
 Mr.&nbsp;Oehler
was registered with the National Association of Securities Dealers (&ldquo;NASD&rdquo;) as a financial principal. Mr.&nbsp;Oehler
is a graduate of the University of Minnesota College of Liberal Arts and has completed all course work at the University of Minnesota
Business School with a concentration in finance.




Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Oehler
is the president and founder of Bashaw Group
&nbsp;Inc. (2007 to present)
 was the president and chief executive officer of Waycrosse
&nbsp;Inc.
(1999 to 2007). He served as an investment banker for Piper Jaffray until 1999
 achieving the position of group head of its Industrial
Growth Team.

Industry experience &ndash;
                                                                                                                               Mr.&nbsp;Oehler has been a director of Waycrosse
&nbsp;Inc.
 WayTrust&nbsp;Inc.
 Dain Equity Partners
&nbsp;Inc.
 Time
                                                                                                                               Management
 Inc.
 BioNIR
&nbsp;Inc. and Agricultural Solutions
&nbsp;Inc.

Education experience - Mr.&nbsp;Oehler
is a graduate of the University of Minnesota College of Liberal Arts.
Joseph
was appointed as a director of the Company to fill a newly-created directorship seat on August&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2012.
Mr.&nbsp;Lahti is a Minneapolis native and leader in numerous Minnesota business and community organizations. As principal of
JL Holdings since 1989
 Mr.&nbsp;Lahti has provided funding and management leadership to several early-stage or distressed companies.
From 1993 to 2002
 he held the positions of chief operating officer
 president
 chief executive officer and chairman at Shuffle
Master
&nbsp;Inc.
 a company that provided innovative products to the gaming industry. Mr.&nbsp;Lahti served as Chairman of the
Board of PokerTek
&nbsp;Inc.
 a publicly traded company sold in October 2014
 and he is also an independent director of AFAM/Innealta.
Within the past five years Mr.&nbsp;Lahti served on the board of directors of Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 and more than
five years ago Mr.&nbsp;Lahti served as the chairman of the board of directors of Shuffle Master
&nbsp;Inc. and served on the
board of directors of Zomax
&nbsp;Inc. Through his public company Board experience
 he has participated on
 and chaired
 both
Audit and Compensation Committees.




Leadership experience &ndash;
                                                                                                                               Mr.&nbsp;Lahti is a principal of JL Holdings (1989 to present). Mr.&nbsp;Lahti recently served as Chairman of the
                                                                                                                               Board of PokerTek
 Inc.
 a publicly traded company. He served as chief executive officer and chairman of Shuffle
                                                                                                                               Master
&nbsp;Inc.
 a publicly traded company (1997-2002).

Industry experience - Mr.&nbsp;Lahti has
participated as an independent director in several public companies in a variety of other industries
 including serving as an independent
director of Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. and serving as the compensation committee chair for Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
and Poker Tek
&nbsp;Inc. and compensation committee member of Zomax&nbsp;Inc. and several private companies.

Education experience - Mr.&nbsp;Lahti
holds Bachelor of Arts degree in economics from Harvard University.


to make any specific amount or percentage of his business time available to us. Each of our officers intends to devote such amount
of his or her time to our affairs as is required or deemed appropriate.&nbsp;

    
    







have a standing nominating committee
 but rather the Board of Directors as a whole considers director nominees. The Board of Directors
has determined this is appropriate given the size of the Board of Directors and the Company&rsquo;s current size. The Board will
consider candidates suggested by its members
 other directors
 senior management and stockholders in anticipation of upcoming elections
and actual or expected board vacancies. The Board of Directors has not adopted a formal diversity policy or established specific
minimum criteria or qualifications because from time to time the needs of the Board and the Company may change. All candidates
including those recommended by stockholders
 are evaluated on the same basis in light of the entirety of their credentials and
the needs of the Board of Directors and the Company. Of particular importance is the candidate&rsquo;s wisdom
 integrity
 ability
to make independent analytical inquiries
 understanding of the business environment in which the Company operates
 as well as his
or her potential contribution to the diversity of the Board of Directors and his or her willingness to devote adequate time to
fulfill his or her duties as a director. The Board of Directors will consider director candidates recommended by the Company&rsquo;s
stockholders. Stockholders may recommend director candidates by contacting the Chairman of the Board as provided under the heading
&ldquo;Communications with the Board of Directors.&rdquo; The Company did not employ a search firm or pay fees to other third parties
in connection with seeking or evaluating board nominee candidates.




December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 the Board of Directors held four meetings
 the Audit Committee held five meetings
 and the Compensation
Committee held one meeting. Each of our elected Directors attended at least 75% of all meetings of the Board of Directors and the
committees on which he served during the year.




hold an annual meeting of stockholders in 2014. If the Company holds an annual meeting of stockholders in the future
 the Board
of Directors will encourage Directors to attend such annual meeting.




has no formal policy with respect to separation of the positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or with respect to whether
the Chairman should be a member of management or an independent director
 and believes that these are matters that should be discussed
and determined by the Board from time to time based on the position and direction of the Company and the membership of the Board.
The Board has determined that having Bradley Berman serve as Chairman is in the best interest of the Company&rsquo;s stockholders
at this time due to his extensive knowledge of the Company. Further
 the separation of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
positions allows the Chief Executive Officer to focus on the management of the Company&rsquo;s day-to-day operations.


    
    




believes that risk management is an important component of the Company&rsquo;s corporate strategy. The Board
 as a whole
 oversees
our risk management process
 and discusses and reviews with management major policies with respect to risk assessment and risk
management. The Board is regularly informed through its interactions with management and committee reports about risks we currently
face
 as well as the most likely areas of future risk
 in the course of our business including economic
 financial
 operational
legal and regulatory risks.




interested persons seeking to communicate directly with the Board of Directors
 the independent directors as a group or any of
the Audit or Compensation Committees of the Board of Directors
 should submit their written comments c/o Corporate Secretary at
our principal executive offices at 10275 Wayzata Boulevard
 Suite 100
 Minnetonka MN 55305 and should indicate in the address whether
the communication is intended for the Chairman of the Board
 the Independent Directors or a Committee Chair. The Chairman of the
Board will review any such communication at the next regularly scheduled Board of Directors meeting unless
 in his or her judgment
earlier communication to the Board of Directors is warranted.


the Board of Directors
 we reserve the right to screen all materials sent to its directors for potential security risks
 harassment
purposes or routine solicitations.




has adopted a Code of Ethics which applies to our directors
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and other Company
employees who perform similar functions.




Exchange Act requires the Company&rsquo;s directors
 executive officers and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class
of the Company&rsquo;s securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common
stock and other equity securities of the Company. Directors
 executive officers and greater than 10% stockholders are required
by SEC regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all Section&nbsp;16(a) reports they file. To our knowledge
 based solely
on the review of the copies of these forms furnished to us and representations that no other reports were required
 the Company
believes that all forms required to be filed under Section 16 of the Exchange Act for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
were filed timely.






    
    






as a &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act and Item&nbsp;10 of Regulation
S-K. Accordingly
 and in accordance with relevant SEC rules and guidance
 we have elected
 with respect to the disclosures required
by Item 402 (Executive Compensation) of Regulation&nbsp;S-K
 to comply with the disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting
companies. The following Compensation Overview is not comparable to the &ldquo;Compensation Discussion and Analysis&rdquo; that
is required of SEC reporting companies that are not smaller reporting companies.


Overview describes the material elements of compensation for our executive officers identified in the Summary Compensation Table
(&ldquo;Named Executive Officers&rdquo;)
 and executive officers that we may hire in the future. As more fully described below
our board&rsquo;s compensation committee reviews and recommends policies
 practices
 and procedures relating to the total direct
compensation of our executive officers
 including the Named Executive Officers
 and the establishment and administration of certain
of our employee benefit plans to our board of directors.




is based on the premise of attracting
 retaining
 and motivating exceptional leaders
 setting high goals
 working toward the common
objectives of meeting the expectations of customers and stockholders
 and rewarding outstanding performance. Following this philosophy
we consider all relevant factors in determining executive compensation
 including the competition for talent
 our desire to link
pay with performance
 the use of equity to align executive interests with those of our stockholders
 individual contributions
teamwork
 and each executive&rsquo;s total compensation package. We strive to accomplish these objectives by compensating all executives
with compensation packages consisting of a combination of competitive base salary and incentive compensation.


by our Named Executive Officers is based primarily on the levels at which we can afford to retain them and their responsibilities
and individual contributions. Our compensation policy also reflects our strategy of minimizing general and administration expenses
and utilizing independent professional consultants. Our compensation committee and board of directors apply the compensation philosophy
and policies described below to determine the compensation of Named Executive Officers.


of the compensation and benefits we consider is to attract
 retain
 and motivate highly talented individuals who will engage in
the behavior necessary to enable us to succeed in our mission
 while upholding our values in a highly competitive marketplace.
Different elements are designed to engender different behaviors
 and the actual incentive amounts which may be awarded to each
Named Executive Officer are subject to the annual review of our compensation committee who will make recommendations regarding
compensation to our board of directors. The following is a brief description of the key elements of our planned executive compensation
structure.




Incentive compensation awards are designed to focus employees on the business objectives for a
particular year.

Equity incentive awards
 such as stock options and non-vested stock
 focus executives&rsquo; efforts
on the behaviors within the recipients&rsquo; control that they believe are designed to ensure our long-term success as reflected
in increases to our stock prices over a period of several years
 growth in our profitability and other elements.

Severance and change in control plans are designed to facilitate a company&rsquo;s ability to attract
and retain executives as we compete for talented employees in a marketplace where such protections are commonly offered.


    
    




benchmarking but may do so in the future. When making compensation decisions
 our compensation committee and board of directors
may compare each element of compensation paid to our Named Executive Officers against a report showing comparable compensation
metrics from a group that includes both publicly-traded and privately-held companies. Our board believes that while such peer group
benchmarks are a point of reference for measurement
 they are not necessarily a determining factor in setting executive compensation.
Each executive officer&rsquo;s compensation relative to the benchmark varies based on the scope of responsibility and time in the
position. We have not yet formally established our peer group for this purpose.






salaries are based on job responsibilities and individual contribution. Our compensation committee and board of directors review
the base salaries of our executive officers
 including our Named Executive Officers
 considering factors such as corporate progress
toward achieving objectives (without reference to any specific performance-related targets) and individual performance experience
and expertise. Other than the Change of Control Agreements described below
 none of our Named Executive Officers have employment
agreements with us. Additional factors reviewed by our compensation committee and board of directors in determining appropriate
base salary levels and raises include subjective factors related to corporate and individual performance. For the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
all executive officer base salary decisions were approved by the board of directors.


determines and then recommends to the whole board base salaries for the Named Executive Officers at the beginning of each fiscal
year. The compensation committee proposes new base salary amounts
 if appropriate
 based on its evaluation of individual performance
and expected future contributions. The board of directors then approves base salary amounts for the fiscal year. In 2014
 we did
not have a 401(k) Plan
 we have put one in place for 2015 and compensation paid in cash will be the only element of compensation
that will be used in determining the amount of contributions permitted under the 401(k) Plan.




has not yet recommended a formal compensation policy for the determination of bonuses
 however
 on December&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2014
our board of directors granted to our Named Executive Officers bonuses consisting of a total of 138
000 common stock options to
purchase common stock at $0.28 per share
 exercisable over 10 years
 vesting in five equal annual installments beginning one year
from the date of grant and cash bonuses totaling $57
500.


and bonuses become affordable and justifiable
 we expect to use the following parameters in justifying and quantifying bonuses
for our Named Executive Officers and other officers of the Company: (1) the growth in our revenue
 (2) the growth in our earnings
before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization
 as adjusted (&ldquo;EBITDA&rdquo;)
 and (3) our stock price. The board has
not adopted specific performance goals and target bonus amounts
 but may do so in the future.




&nbsp;2010
as amended on February&nbsp;22
&nbsp;2011 and March&nbsp;2
&nbsp;2012
 our board of directors adopted the Amended and Restated
2012 Stock Incentive Plan under which a total of 7
500
000 shares of our common stock have been reserved for issuance as restricted
stock or pursuant to the grant and exercise of stock options. Our Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Incentive Plan has been approved
by the holders of a majority of our outstanding shares. We believe equity incentive awards motivate our employees to work to improve
our business and stock price performance
 thereby further linking the interests of our senior management and our stockholders.
The board considers several factors in determining whether awards are granted to an executive officer
 including those previously
described
 as well as the executive&rsquo;s position
 his or her performance and responsibilities
 and the amount of options or
other awards
 if any
 currently held by the officer and their vesting schedule. Our policy prohibits backdating options or granting
them retroactively.




business we have benefits that are generally comparable to those offered by other small private and public companies and no prerequisites
for our employees. Other than a 401(k) Plan that we put in place at the beginning of 2015
 we do not have any other retirement
plan for our Named Executive Officers. We may adopt these plans and confer other fringe benefits for our executive officers in
the future.&nbsp;

    
    






employment agreements with our Named Executive Officers or any other executive officer or employee of the Company. However
 as
of the date of this filing
 we have entered into Change of Control Agreements (the &ldquo;CIC Agreements&rdquo;) with executives
Ken DeCubellis
 James Moe
 and Michael Eisele. The CIC Agreements provide that
 in the event that (i) the executive is terminated
other than for cause
 disability
 or death
 or (ii) there is a &ldquo;Change in Circumstances&rdquo;
 in either case within 12
months of a &ldquo;Change in Control
&rdquo; then the executive is entitled to receive his annual salary in regular distributions
over the course of the next 12 months
 to take part in the Company&rsquo;s health and dental group policies
 and to receive the
same employer contributions for health and dental coverage that the Company provides to its other executive employees as of the
executive&rsquo;s last day of employment with the Company.


CIC Agreements
 a &ldquo;Change in Control&rdquo; is broadly defined to include the acquisition by any person
 entity
 or group
of at least 33% of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding voting securities entitled to vote for the election of directors (excluding
equity offerings)
 a turnover of at least a majority of the board seats from the date of the Change in Control Agreement (subject
to exceptions for new board members who are approved by a majority of incumbent directors)
 and approval by our stockholders of
a major corporate transaction such as a sale of substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 liquidation or dissolution of
the Company
 or a merger or consolidation in which our stockholders hold 50% or less of the equity in the surviving entity.


Circumstances&rdquo; is defined by the Change in Control Agreements to include demotions or substantial changes in material duties
salary reductions that are not applied equally to other similarly situated executives
 required relocation to a destination more
than 50 miles away
 a substantial reduction in benefits and perquisites
 or any other material change in the terms and conditions
of the applicable executive&rsquo;s employment. In order for a Change in Circumstances to give rise to the Company&rsquo;s obligation
to provide severance and the benefits described above to an executive
 the executive must object to the Change in Circumstances
within 30 days of its occurrence.




sets forth the total compensation paid in all forms to our named executive officers of the Company during the periods indicated:



    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
250
154
25
000
12
974
    
    
    
288
128

    
    
220
000
    
614
609
    
    
    
834
609

    
    
200
000
    
31
294
    
    
    
231
294

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Michael Eisele

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


Officer
    
138
385
15
000
8
947
    
    
    
162
332

    
    
115
417
    
310
920
    
    
    
426
337

    
    
43
750
15
000
35
853
    
    
    
94
603

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
171
077
17
500
8
947
    
    
    
197
524

    
    
152
972
    
167
833
    
    
    
320
805

    
    
145
000
15
000
27
595
    
    
    
187
595




Michael Eisele was promoted to the position of chief operating officer on August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2013.

On September&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2012
 Mr.&nbsp;Kenneth T. DeCubellis agreed to the cancellation of 1
000
000
stock options previously granted on October&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2011 in exchange for new stock option agreements. Under the new agreements
the original number of stock options remains the same
 but will have a new exercise price of $0.27&nbsp;per share. These options
will vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant on September&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2013
 and continuing
on the next four anniversaries thereof until fully vested. The additional estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
was $31
294 greater than the estimated value immediately preceding the modifications
 and is being amortized in addition to the
remaining unamortized value of the original option grants.

On September&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2012
 Mr.&nbsp;James Moe agreed to the cancellation of 500
000 stock
options previously granted on February&nbsp;22
&nbsp;2011 in exchange for new stock option agreements. Under the new agreements
the original number of stock options remains the same
 but will have a new exercise price of $0.27&nbsp;per share. These options
will vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant on September&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2013
 and continuing
on the next four anniversaries thereof until fully vested. The additional estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
was $27
595 greater than the estimated value immediately preceding the modifications
 and is being amortized in addition to the
remaining unamortized value of the original option grants.

See Note&nbsp;12 of our audited financial statements included herein for additional information
on assumptions made in the valuation of option awards.



    
    





in Control Agreements described above
 we have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers to date.
We may enter into employment agreements with them in the future.




sets forth information with respect to unexercised stock options
 stock that has not vested
 and equity incentive plan awards held
by our executive officers at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014.




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Chief Executive Officer
    
58
000
    

&nbsp;2024

    
150
000
600
000
    

&nbsp;2023

    
80
000
320
000
    

&nbsp;2023

    
400
000
600
000
    

&nbsp;2022

    
    
    
    
    


 Chief Operating Officer
    
40
000
    

&nbsp;2024

    
50
000
200
000
    

&nbsp;2023

    
33
000
132
000
    

&nbsp;2023

    
33
000
132
000
    

&nbsp;2023

    
60
000
90
000
    

&nbsp;2022

    
    
    
    
    


 Chief Financial Officer
    
40
000
    

&nbsp;2024

    
40
000
160
000
    

&nbsp;2023

    
23
000
92
000
    

&nbsp;2023

    
200
000
300
000
    

&nbsp;2022

    
120
000
80
000
    

&nbsp;2021



Options granted on
December&nbsp;22
&nbsp;2014
 vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing
on the next four anniversaries thereof until fully vested.




    
    

on December&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2013
 vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing
on the next four anniversaries thereof until fully vested.




    
    

January&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2013
 vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing
on the next four anniversaries thereof until fully vested.




    
    

September&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2012
 vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing
on the next four anniversaries thereof until fully vested.




    
    

&nbsp;2013
 vest in five equal annual
installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries thereof until fully vested.




    
    
Options granted on
August&nbsp;10
&nbsp;2012
 vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on
the next four anniversaries thereof until fully vested.




    
    
Options granted on
November&nbsp;2
&nbsp;2011
 vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing
on the next four anniversaries thereof until fully vested.




    
    





officers exercised any stock options or acquired stock through vesting of an equity award during the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014.




summarizes the compensation paid or accrued by us to our directors for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 Chairman
    
    
29
563
    
    
    
29
563

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
29
563
    
    
    
29
563

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
29
563
    
    
    
29
563



Effective December&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2014
 we granted to each of our directors options to purchase up
to 100
000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.374 per share
 exercisable until December&nbsp;13
&nbsp;2023
vesting in five equal annual installments beginning on the one year anniversary of the grant date. The value of these option awards
was calculated utilizing the Black-Scholes Pricing Model.


has not yet recommended policy for board compensation
 however option awards have been granted to independent directors upon joining
the board and on an annual basis. The Company has not paid cash fees to directors and has no formal compensation arrangements with
its directors. While there is no set policy regarding board compensation
 this may be subject to change by the directors.



    
    

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2015 by: (i) each person
who is known by us to own beneficially more than 5% of our common stock; (ii) each director; (iii) each named executive officer;
and (iv) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. On March&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2015
 we had 47
979
990 shares of common
stock outstanding.


purchased shares in our private offering which closed on December&nbsp;16
&nbsp;2010 with respect to 5
110
000 shares of our common
stock
 excluding shares purchased by our officers and directors
 have entered into a voting agreement that gives our board of directors
by majority vote
 the power to vote certain shares of common stock. The terms of the voting agreement provides that each agreement
is effective for one year from the date entered into and will automatically renew for subsequent one year periods unless the stockholder
gives notice of termination to us at least 30 days prior to the expiration of each annual period. In addition
 the voting agreements
expire:






below and elsewhere in this form
 the term &ldquo;beneficial ownership&rdquo; with respect to a security consists of sole or shared
voting power
 including the power to vote or direct the vote and/or sole or shared investment power
 including the power to dispose
or direct the disposition
 with respect to the security through any contract
 arrangement
 understanding
 relationship
 or otherwise
including a right to acquire such power(s) during the next 60 days following March&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2015. Inclusion of shares in the
table does not
 however
 constitute an admission that the named stockholder is a direct or indirect beneficial owner of those shares.
Unless otherwise indicated
 (i) each person or entity named in the table has sole voting power and investment power (or shares
that power with that person&rsquo;s spouse) with respect to all shares of capital stock listed as owned by that person or entity
and (ii) the address of each person or entity named in the table is c/o Black&nbsp;Ridge&nbsp;Oil&nbsp;&amp;&nbsp;Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
10275&nbsp;Wayzata Boulevard
 Suite&nbsp;100
 Minnetonka
 Minnesota&nbsp;55305.




 Title and Address of Beneficial Owner
    
    


 Chairman of Board and Director
7
210
731
    


 Chief Executive Officer
856
000
    


 Chief Operating Officer
209
000
    


 Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary
406
000
    


 Director
146
667
    


 Director
220
000
    

    
9
048
398
    

    
2
579
853
    

    
3
886
335
    


 LLC 
 Bismarck 
4
514
595
    


 Inc. 
 Bismarck 
4
514
594
    

175 East Reno Avenue
 Suite C6 
 NV 89119
3
250
000
    


 LP 
 Suite&nbsp;7330 
 TX 77002
5
000
000
    




Except as pursuant to applicable community property laws
 the persons named in the table have sole
voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned. The total number of issued and outstanding
shares and the total number of shares owned by each person does not include unexercised warrants and stock options owned by parties
other than for whom the calculation is presented
 and is calculated as of March&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2015.

Includes 1
120
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable
within 60 days of March&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2015. Includes 712
229 shares held by certain trusts for the children of Mr.&nbsp;Bradley
Berman. Includes 185
898 shares owned by Mr.&nbsp;Bradley Berman&rsquo;s wife.

Includes 710
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within
60 days of March&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2015. Includes 5
000 shares owned by Mr. Ken DeCubellis&rsquo; wife.

Includes 209
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within
60 days of March&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2015.

Includes 406
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within
60 days of March&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2015.

Includes 126
667 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within
60 days of March&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2015.



    
    



Includes 220
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within
60 days of March&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2015.

Does not include a total of 5
110
000 additional shares over which our board of directors has voting
but not dispositive power as a result of voting agreements between us and certain other shareholders.

Includes 24
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within
60 days of March&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2015. Does not include 3
717
313 shares held by trusts for the children of Mr.&nbsp;Lyle Berman
the trustee for which is Mr.&nbsp;Neil Sell.

Includes 169
022 shares owned by Mr.&nbsp;Sell
 individually
 and an aggregate of 3
717
313 shares
owned by certain trusts for the benefit of Mr.&nbsp;Lyle Berman&rsquo;s children
 for which Mr.&nbsp;Sell is the trustee. Does
not include 19
000 shares held by Mr.&nbsp;Sell&rsquo;s spouse
 for which Mr.&nbsp;Sell disclaims beneficial ownership.

These companies sold oil and gas properties to us in various transactions and
 as part of the purchase
price for these properties or down payments related to transactions
 were issued these shares of common stock by us. We may purchase
additional oil and gas properties from these companies in the future
 for which we may issue additional shares of our common stock.

Based on Schedule 13G filed February&nbsp;14
&nbsp;2013.

Includes 5
000
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock warrants that are exercisable
within 60 days of March&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2015. Chambers&nbsp;Energy&nbsp;Capital&nbsp;II

&nbsp;LP
a Delaware limited partnership
 and Chambers&nbsp;Energy&nbsp;Capital&nbsp;II&nbsp;TE

&nbsp;LP
a Delaware limited partnership
 are the record holders of warrants entitling them to purchase 4
454
485.4881 and 545
514.5119 shares
of Common Stock. These warrants were filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of the Issuer&rsquo;s Form&nbsp;8-K
submitted on August&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2013. CEC&nbsp;Fund&nbsp;II&nbsp;GP
&nbsp;LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
 is the general
partner of CEC&nbsp;II
&nbsp;LP and CEC&nbsp;II&nbsp;TE
&nbsp;LP. CEC&nbsp;GP
&nbsp;LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
is the sole member of CEC&nbsp;Fund&nbsp;II&nbsp;GP
&nbsp;LLC. Chambers&nbsp;Energy&nbsp;Management

Company
 a Delaware limited partnership
 provides certain investment advisory and management services to CEC&nbsp;II
&nbsp;LP
and CEC&nbsp;II&nbsp;TE
&nbsp;LP. Chambers&nbsp;Energy&nbsp;Management&nbsp;GP
&nbsp;LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
is the general partner of the Management Company. J.&nbsp;Robert&nbsp;Chambers is the managing member of both
 CEC&nbsp;GP
&nbsp;LLC
and Chambers&nbsp;Energy&nbsp;Management&nbsp;GP
&nbsp;LLC.



    
    

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE






currently lease office space on a month to month basis where the lessor is an entity owned by our former CEO and current Chairman
of the Board of Directors
 Bradley Berman. The sublease agreement was cancelled and we entered into a direct lease on April&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2012
to expand and occupy approximately 1
142 square feet of office space. The 2012 lease was amended effective November&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2013
to occupy approximately 2
813 square feet of office space. In accordance with this lease
 our lease term is on a month-to-month
basis
 provided that either party may provide 90 day notice to terminate the lease
 with base rents of $2
110 per month
 plus common
area operations and maintenance charges
 and monthly parking fees of $240 per month
 for the period from November&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2013
to October&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and subject to increases of $117 per month beginning November&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2014 and for each of the
subsequent three year periods. We have paid a total of $69
300 and $34
350 to this entity during the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
and 2013
 respectively.

Review and Approval of Transactions
with Related Persons


has adopted a related party transaction policy whereby any proposed transaction between the Company and any officer or director
any stockholder owning in excess of 5% of the Company&rsquo;s stock
 immediate family member of an officer or director
 or an entity
that is substantially owned or controlled by one of these individuals
 must be approved by a majority of the disinterested members
of the Audit Committee. The only exceptions to this policy are for transactions that are available to all employees of the Company
generally or involve less than $25
000. If the proposed transaction involves executive or director compensation
 it must be approved
by the Compensation Committee. Similarly
 if a significant opportunity is presented to any of the Company&rsquo;s officers or directors
such officer or director must first present the opportunity to the Board for consideration.


the Audit Committee
 the Audit Committee meets with the Company's management to discuss any proposed related party transactions.
A majority of disinterested members of the Audit Committee must approve a transaction for the Company to enter into it. If approved
management will update the Audit Committee with any material changes to the approved transaction at its regularly scheduled meetings.




trades on the OTC Bulletin Board. As such
 we are not currently subject to corporate governance standards of listed companies
which require
 among other things
 that the majority of the board of directors be independent. We are not currently subject to
corporate governance standards defining the independence of our directors
 and we have chosen to define an &ldquo;independent&rdquo;
director in accordance with the NASDAQ Global Market&rsquo;s requirements for independent directors. Our Board of Directors has
determined that each of Messrs. Oehler and Lahti is &ldquo;independent&rdquo; in accordance with the NASDAQ Global Market&rsquo;s
Requirements for all of 2014 and as of November&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2014
 each of our directors is &ldquo;independent&rdquo; in accordance
with the NASDAQ Global Market&rsquo;s requirements
 as it has been three years since Mr. Berman served as our Chief Executive Officer.
Thus
 a majority of the current Board of Directors is independent.


will review at least annually the independence of each director. During these reviews
 our Board of Directors will consider transactions
and relationships between each director (and his or her immediate family and affiliates) and us and our management to determine
whether any such transactions or relationships are inconsistent with a determination that the director was independent. The Board
of Directors will conduct its annual review of director independence and to determine if any transactions or relationships exist
that would disqualify any of the individuals who then served as a director under the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market
 or require
disclosure under SEC rules.



    
    




 PLLC
(&ldquo;M&amp;K&rdquo;) was the Company&rsquo;s independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
and&nbsp;2013 and has served the Company as its independent registered public accounting firm since our inception.




presents fees for professional services rendered by M&amp;K for the audit of the Company&rsquo;s annual financial statements for
the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013.



    



    
    
    

    
81
500
54
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
81
500
54
000




    
    


Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval
of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


is responsible for appointing
 setting compensation for
 and overseeing the work of the Company&rsquo;s independent registered
public accounting firm. The Audit Committee has established a policy regarding pre-approval of all audit and permissible non-audit
services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm
 and all such services were approved by the Audit Committee
in the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 and&nbsp;2013.


assesses requests for services by the independent registered public accounting firm using several factors. The Audit Committee
will consider whether such services are consistent with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board&rsquo;s and SEC&rsquo;s rules
on auditor independence. In addition
 the Audit Committee will determine whether the independent registered public accounting firm
is best positioned to provide the most effective and efficient service based upon the members&rsquo; familiarity with the Company&rsquo;s
business
 people
 culture
 accounting systems
 risk profile and whether the service might enhance the Company&rsquo;s ability to
manage or control risk or improve audit quality.


    
    




of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in its general oversight of the Company&rsquo;s financial reporting
process. The Audit Committee&rsquo;s function is more fully described in its charter
 which can be found on the Company&rsquo;s
. The Committee reviews the charter on an annual basis.
The Board of Directors has determined that each member of the Committee is independent in accordance with the NASDAQ Global Market&rsquo;s
requirements for independent directors. The Board of Directors has also determined that Benjamin Oehler qualifies as an &ldquo;audit
committee financial expert&rdquo; within the meaning of Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Management has the primary responsibility
for the financial statements and reporting process. The independent registered public accounting firm is responsible for auditing
those financial statements and expressing an opinion on the fairness of the audited financial statements based on the audit conducted
in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.


responsibilities set forth in its charter
 the Audit Committee has:



    
Reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 with management and M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC
 the Company&rsquo;s independent auditors;




    
Discussed with M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC the matters required to be discussed by Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) Auditing Standard No.&nbsp;16 (Communication with Audit Committee); and




    
Received the written disclosures and the letter from M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC required by the applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC&rsquo;s communications with the audit committee concerning independence
 and has discussed with M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC its independence.



also considered
 as it determined appropriate
 tax matters and other areas of financial reporting and the audit process over which
the Audit Committee has oversight.


review and discussions described above
 the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited financial statements
be included in the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014 for filing
with the SEC.



    
    

    
    

    
Benjamin Oehler
 

    
    





    
    



ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES





    
    

    
Distribution Agreement by and between Ante4
&nbsp;Inc. (now Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.) and Ante5
&nbsp;Inc. (now Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.)
 dated April&nbsp;16
&nbsp;2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commissioner by Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on April&nbsp;19
&nbsp;2010)

    
    

    
Certificate of Ownership and Merger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on April&nbsp;3
&nbsp;2012)

    
    

    
Plan and Agreement of Merger by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 dated December&nbsp;10
&nbsp;2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;2.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on December&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2012)

    
    

    
Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;3.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on December&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2012)

    
    

    
Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;3.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on December&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2012)

    
    

    
Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Schedule 14C filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on March&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2012)

    
    

    
Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas Amendment of 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on September&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2012)

    
    

    
Form of Stock Incentive Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on September&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2012)

    
    

    
Form of Voting Agreement used in connection with our private placement which closed on December&nbsp;16
&nbsp;2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;9.1 of the Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
&nbsp;Inc. on August&nbsp;22
&nbsp;2011)

    
    

    
Subscription Agreement dated April&nbsp;13
&nbsp;2010
 by and between Ante4
&nbsp;Inc. and Ante5
&nbsp;Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 of the Form 10-12G Registration Statement filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April&nbsp;23
&nbsp;2010)

    
    

    
Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between Ante4
&nbsp;Inc. (now Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.)
 Plains Energy Acquisition Corp. and Plains Energy Investments
&nbsp;Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;2.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commissioner by Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on April&nbsp;19
&nbsp;2010)

    
    

    
Asset Purchase Agreement dated August&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2009 by and among Peerless Media
&nbsp;Ltd. and WPT Enterprises
&nbsp;Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;2.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on August&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2009)

    
    

    
Guaranty Agreement dated August&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2009 made by ElectraWorks&nbsp;Ltd. In favor of WPT Enterprises
&nbsp;Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;2.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on August&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2009)



    
    




    
Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated October&nbsp;7
&nbsp;2010
 made by Ante5
&nbsp;Inc.
 Twin City Technical
&nbsp;LLC and Irish Oil and Gas
&nbsp;Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
&nbsp;Inc. on October&nbsp;13
&nbsp;2010)

    
    

    
Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated March&nbsp;2
&nbsp;2011
 made by Ante5
&nbsp;Inc.
 Twin City Technical
&nbsp;LLC and Irish Oil and Gas
&nbsp;Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
&nbsp;Inc. on March&nbsp;4
&nbsp;2011)

    
    

    
Addendum
 dated March&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2011
 to the Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated March&nbsp;2
&nbsp;2011
 made by Ante5
&nbsp;Inc.
 Twin City Technical
&nbsp;LLC and Irish Oil and Gas
&nbsp;Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
&nbsp;Inc. on March&nbsp;22
&nbsp;2011)

    
    

    
Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated April&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2011
 made by Ante5
&nbsp;Inc.
 Twin City Technical
&nbsp;LLC and Irish Oil and Gas
&nbsp;Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
&nbsp;Inc. on May&nbsp;4
&nbsp;2011)

    
    

    
    
Form of Warrant issued in connection with the credit facility (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on September&nbsp;6
&nbsp;2012)

    
    

    
Securities Purchase Agreement
 dated July&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2011
 by and among Ante5
&nbsp;Inc. and the several Purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.3 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
&nbsp;Inc. on July&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2011)

    
    

    
Registration Rights Agreement
 dated July&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2011
 by and among Ante5
&nbsp;Inc. and the persons named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.3 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
&nbsp;Inc. on July&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2011)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Investors&rsquo; Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.4 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
&nbsp;Inc. on July&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2011)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Agents&rsquo; Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
&nbsp;Inc. on July&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2011)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Indemnification Agreement with Officers and Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.16 of the Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on March&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated August&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2011
 made by Ante5
&nbsp;Inc.
 Twin City Technical
&nbsp;LLC and Irish Oil and Gas
&nbsp;Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
&nbsp;Inc. on August&nbsp;11
&nbsp;2011)

    
    
    

    
    
Change of Control Agreement
 dated April&nbsp;5
&nbsp;2013
 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. and Ken DeCubellis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on April&nbsp;5
&nbsp;2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Change of Control Agreement
 dated April&nbsp;5
&nbsp;2013
 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. and James Moe (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.2 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on April&nbsp;5
&nbsp;2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Change of Control Agreement
 dated August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2013
 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. and Michael Eisele (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.3 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2013)

    
    
    



    
    




    
Credit Agreement
 dated August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013
 by and among Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 as borrower
 and Cadence Bank
 N.A.
 as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 of the Report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013)

    
    

    
Second Lien Credit Agreement
 dated August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013
 by and among Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 as Borrower
 the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto
 as Lenders
 and Chambers Energy Management&nbsp;LP
 as Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.2 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013)

    
    

    
Warrant
 dated August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013
 from Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. to Chambers Energy Capital II
&nbsp;LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.3 of the Report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013)

    
    

    
Warrant dated
 August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013
 from Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. to Chambers Energy Capital&nbsp;II&nbsp;TE
&nbsp;LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.4 of the Report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013)

    
    

    
Purchase and Sale Agreement
 dated November&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2013
 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 as Buyer
 and a private company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 of the Report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on November&nbsp;20
&nbsp;2013)

    
    

    
First Amendment to Credit Agreement
 dated December&nbsp;13
&nbsp;2013
 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 as Borrower
 and Cadence Bank
&nbsp;N.A.
 as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 of the Report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on December&nbsp;16
&nbsp;2013)

    
    

    
First Amendment to Second Lien Credit Agreement
 dated December&nbsp;13
&nbsp;2013
 by and among the Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 as Borrower
 Chambers Energy Management
&nbsp;LP
 as Administrative Agent
 and the several other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.2 of the Report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on December&nbsp;16
&nbsp;2013)

    
    

    
Second Amendment to Credit Agreement
 dated March&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2014
 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 as Borrower
 and Cadence Bank
&nbsp;N.A.
 as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.26 of the Report on Form&nbsp;10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on March&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2014)

    
    

    
Second Amendment to Second Lien Credit Agreement
 dated March&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2014
 by and among the Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 as Borrower
 Chambers Energy Management
&nbsp;LP
 as Administrative Agent
 and the several other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.27 of the Report on Form&nbsp;10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on March&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2014)

    
    

    
Third Amendment to Credit Agreement dated April&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2014 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 as Borrower
 and Cadence Bank
&nbsp;N.A.
 as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 of the Report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on April&nbsp;23
&nbsp;2014)

    
    

    
Consent Related to Second Lien Credit Agreement dated April&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2014 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 as Borrower
 Chambers Energy Management
&nbsp;LP
 as Agent and several other lenders as party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.2 of the Report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on April&nbsp;23
&nbsp;2014)



    
    




    
    

    
Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated September&nbsp;11
&nbsp;2014 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 as Borrower
 and Cadence Bank
&nbsp;N.A.
 as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 of the Report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on September&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2014)

    
    

    
Consent Related to Second Lien Credit Agreement dated September&nbsp;11
&nbsp;2014 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 as Borrower
 Chambers Energy Management
&nbsp;LP
 as Agent and several other lenders as party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.2 of the Report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on September&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2014)

    
    

    

&nbsp;2015 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
as Borrower
 and Cadence Bank
&nbsp;N.A.
 as Lender

    
    

    

 dated March&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 by and among the Black Ridge
Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 as Borrower
 Chambers Energy Management
&nbsp;LP
 as Administrative Agent
 and the several other lenders
party thereto

    
    

    
Consent of Netherland
 Sewell &amp; Associates
&nbsp;Inc.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Report of Netherland
 Sewell &amp; Associates
 Inc.

    
    

    
    







    
    






of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.






Dated: March 30
 2015



    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Kenneth DeCubellis
 
    

    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;
    







members of the Board of Directors of BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 Inc.
 whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints
each of James Moe or Ken DeCubellis
 such person&rsquo;s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution
and resubstitution for such person and in such name
 place and stead
 in any and all capacities
 to sign the Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31
 2014 (the &ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;) of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and any or all amendments to
such Annual Report
 and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities
and Exchange Commission
 granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every
act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises
 as fully to all intents and purposes as such person
might or could do in person
 hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent
 or his substitute or substitutes
may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.


of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed
by the following persons in the capacities indicated on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
Dated: March 30
 2015

    
Kenneth DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Dated: March 30
 2015

    
James Moe
 Chief Financial Officer
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Dated: March 30
 2015

    
Bradley Berman
 Director
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Dated: March 30
 2015

    
Joseph Lahti
 Director
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Dated: March 30
 2015

    
Benjamin Oehler
 Director
    
    







    














     








&rdquo;) is dated and effective as of March 30

Date

 INC.
&rdquo;)

 N.A.





heretofore entered into a Credit Agreement dated as of August 8
 2013
 as amended by that First Amendment thereto dated December
13
 2013
 as further amended by that Second Amendment thereto dated March 24
 2014
 as further amended by that Third Amendment
thereto dated April 21
 2014
 and as further amended by that Fourth Amendment thereto dated September 11
 2014 (as amended
 the
&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which the Lender established in favor of the Borrower certain credit facilities and
loans.


to amend the Agreement to (i) extend the termination date of the Loan Commitment (as defined in the Agreement) from August 8
 2016
to January 15
 2017; (ii) decrease the Borrowing Base Amount from $35
000
000.00 to $34
000
000.00; and (iii) make certain other
changes to the Agreement in accordance with Section 14.1 thereof.


 THEREFORE
 the parties
hereto
 in consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth and intending to be legally bound hereby
 do hereby further
amend the Agreement and agree as follows:

 Capitalized
terms used herein which are defined in the Agreement
 are used herein with such defined meanings
 as said definitions may be amended
by this Fifth Amendment.


hereby added to Section 1.1 of the Agreement:


means that certain Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Cadence Bank
 N.A.
 dated
March 30
 2015.


definitions of &ldquo;Second Lien Credit Agreement&rdquo; and &ldquo;Termination Date&rdquo; are hereby deleted from Section 1.1
of the Agreement
 and replaced with the following:

&rdquo;
shall mean that certain Second Lien Credit Agreement dated as of August 8
 2013 by and among Borrower
 the lenders from time to
time parties thereto and Chambers Energy Management
 L.P.
 as agent
 as amended by a First Amendment thereto dated as of December
13
 2013
 as further amended by a Second Amendment thereto dated as of March 24
 2014
 and as further amended by a Third Amendment
thereto dated March 30
 2015.

&rdquo;
shall mean the earlier to occur of (a) January 15
 2017
 or (b) the date of termination of the Loan Commitment pursuant to Article
XIII hereof.



    
    


Extension of Loan
Commitment. 
 as amended by this Fifth Amendment
 the Lender hereby extends
the termination date of the Loan Commitment to January 15
 2017.

Decrease to Borrowing
Base Amount. 
 as amended by this Fifth Amendment
 and in accordance with
Section 2.2 of the Agreement
 the Lender hereby decreases the Borrowing Base Amount from $35
000
000.00 to $34
000
000.00. The
parties agree that this decrease in the Borrowing Base Amount shall constitute the re-evaluation and re-establishment of the Borrowing
Base Amount scheduled for April 1
 2015
 and that the Borrowing Base Amount shall next be redetermined on October 1
 2015
 unless
sooner redetermined in accordance with Section 2.2 of the Agreement.

Waiver and Restatement
of Net Debt to EBITDAX Ratio. 
Agreement for the calendar quarter ending March 31
 2015 only. For calendar quarters subsequent to the calendar quarter ending
March 31
 2015
 Section 11.7(b) of the Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and restated as follows:


Borrower shall maintain
 as of the end of each calendar quarter ending on
the dates set forth below
 the ratio of Net Debt to EBITDAX specified next to each such calendar quarter
 calculated on a trailing
&rdquo; shall mean Borrower&rsquo;s Debt for borrowed money
 including one
hundred percent (100%) of all Loans and Reimbursement Obligations
 less the amount of unrestricted cash equivalents on the balance
sheet of Borrower that is subject to a deposit account control agreement as of such day.



    
    


 2015 and September 30

    



    



    


Collateral
Coverage Ratio. 
for the calendar quarter ending March 31
 2015 only. For calendar quarters subsequent to the calendar quarter ending March 31
2015
 Section 11.7(e) of the Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and restated as follows:

Collateral Coverage Ratio.

 a Collateral Coverage Ratio
of not less than the corresponding ratio set forth below:



    
    



    



    



    




    
    


Revised
Compliance Certificate. 
reflect the changes to the Agreement made by this Fifth Amendment. A copy of the revised Compliance Certificate is attached
as 

Conditions Precedent.

of this Fifth Amendment by Borrower
 (ii) the consent of Chambers Energy Management
 L.P.
 pursuant to Section 6.02 of the Chambers
Intercreditor Agreement
 to the changes to the Agreement contained in this Fifth Amendment
 including the extension of the termination
date
 (iii) copies of all other documents
 instruments and certificates which the Lender or its counsel may reasonably request
in connection herewith
 and (iv) all fees
 charges and expenses which are due and payable under this Fifth Amendment. Lender reserves
the right
 in its sole discretion
 to waive one or both of the foregoing conditions precedent.

Acknowledgment Regarding
the Note. 
any and all future amendments to the Agreement. Borrower and Lender hereby acknowledge and agree that the definition of the Agreement
contained in the Note is intended to cover and include any and all amendments to the Agreement
 and hereby waive any right to
modify the Note to expressly provide for such amendments.

Representations;
No Default
 and after giving effect to this Fifth Amendment
 the Borrower confirms
reaffirms
 and restates the representations and warranties set forth in the Agreement and the Loan Documents; provided
 that each
reference to the Agreement herein shall be deemed to include the Agreement as amended by this Fifth Amendment.

Confirmation of Collateral
Documents.
 privileges
 priorities and equities existing and to exist under and in accordance with the terms
of the Loan Documents are hereby renewed
 extended and carried forward as security for all of the Loans and all other debts
 obligations
and liabilities of the Borrower to Lender. More specifically
 the Borrower hereby acknowledges and confirms that the Mortgage
and Security Agreement secure all present and future indebtedness of Borrower to Lender
 including without limitation all of the
Loans. Further
 the parties to this Fifth Amendment acknowledge that all Loans are cross-defaulted and cross-secured.


Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse the Lender for all legal fees and expenses of counsel to the Lender in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Fifth Amendment.



    
    


. There
are no oral agreements between the Lender and the Borrower. The Agreement
 as amended by this Fifth Amendment
 and the other Loan
Documents set forth the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior written
and oral understandings between the Borrower and the Lender with respect to the matters herein and therein set forth. The Agreement
as amended by this Fifth Amendment
 cannot be modified or amended except by a writing signed and delivered by the Borrower and
the Lender.

 In consideration
of the Lender&rsquo;s execution of this Fifth Amendment
 the Borrower does hereby irrevocably waive any and all claims and/or defenses
to payment on any indebtedness arising under the Agreement and owed by any of them to the Lender that may exist as of the date
of execution of this Fifth Amendment.

Governing Law and
Counterparts.
Fifth Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts
 all of which counterparts
 when taken together
 shall constitute
one and the same instrument.

Continued Effect.

 the Agreement
 as amended by this Fifth Amendment
 shall continue in full force and effect.
The Agreement
 as amended by this Fifth Amendment
 is hereby ratified and confirmed by the parties hereto.

Resolutions/Consents.

appointments previously delivered to Lender in connection with the Agreement remain in effect.






    
    


IN WITNESS WHEREOF

the parties hereto have caused this Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the date hereinabove
provided by the authorized officers each hereunto duly authorized.



    

        
BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
        
        
        

        Officer

    
    

    
    
        
CADENCE BANK
 N.A.
        
        
        
        
        

    
    




    
    














 N.A.

 Suite 3800

 TX 77056




is submitted pursuant to the requirements of that certain Credit Agreement dated August 8
 2013
 by and between Black Ridge Oil
&amp; Gas
&rdquo;) and Cadence Lender
&rdquo;)
 as amended by that First
Amendment thereto dated December 13
 2013
 as further amended by that Second Amendment thereto dated March 24
 2014
 as further
amended by that Third Amendment thereto dated April 21
 2014
 as further amended by that Fourth Amendment thereto dated September
11
 2014 and as further amended by that Fifth Amendment thereto dated March 30
 2015 (as amended
 the &ldquo;


of the Credit Agreement
 the undersigned certifies that
 to the best of its knowledge and belief
 no condition
 event
 or act which
with or without notice or lapse of time or both
 would constitute an event of default under the terms of the Credit Agreement
&rdquo;). Also
 to
the best of its knowledge
 Borrower has complied with all provisions of the Credit Agreement.


 Borrower submits
the following financial information for the Reporting Period in accordance with the financial covenants and ratios contained in
the Credit Agreement.





    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    







    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    








    
    

    
    

    
    


MINIMUM INTEREST
COVERAGE RATIO



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


COLLATERAL
COVERAGE RATIO



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    





Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.







    















     





THIRD
AMENDMENT 

THIRD
&rdquo;)
 dated as of March 30
 2015
 is by
and among Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
&rdquo;)
 the several banks and other
&rdquo;)
 and CHAMBERS ENERGY MANAGEMENT
LP
 as the agent (in such capacity
 the &ldquo;


 Borrower
 the Lenders
and the Agent are parties to that certain Second Lien Credit Agreement
 dated as of August 8
 2013 (as amended by (i) a First Amendment
to Second Lien Credit Agreement dated as of December 13
 2013
 (ii) a Second Amendment to Second Lien Credit Agreement dated as
of March 24
 2014
 (iii) a letter agreement dated as of April 21
 2014
 (iv) a letter agreement dated as of June 17
 2014 and (v)
a letter agreement dated as of September 11
 2014) 
 and as may be further amended
 restated
 amended and restated
 supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time
 the &ldquo;


 Borrower has requested
that the Lenders agree to make certain amendments to the Credit Agreement in accordance with Section 9.1 thereof;


 on the terms and
subject to the conditions contained herein
 the Lenders are willing to make certain amendments to the Credit Agreement;


 THEREFORE
 in consideration
of the foregoing recitals
 the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration
 the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged
 the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:

Defined
Terms

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

The principles of interpretation set forth in Section 1.2 of the Credit Agreement shall apply to the provisions of this Amendment.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 &ldquo;hereunder&rdquo;
 &ldquo;herein&rdquo; and &ldquo;hereby&rdquo; and each
other similar reference contained in the Credit Agreement
 each reference to &ldquo;this Agreement&rdquo; or &ldquo;the Credit
Agreement&rdquo; and each other similar reference contained in the Agreement or any other Loan Document and each reference contained
in this Amendment to the &ldquo;Credit Agreement&rdquo; shall on and after the Third Amendment Effective Date (as defined below)
refer to the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment. Any notices
 requests
 certificates and other instruments executed
and delivered on or after the Third Amendment Effective Date may refer to the Credit Agreement without making specific reference
to this Amendment but nevertheless all such references shall mean the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment unless the
context otherwise requires.



    
    


Amendments
to Credit Agreement
of the conditions set forth in Section 4 below
 the parties hereby agree to the following amendments:

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


. Permit the
Collateral Coverage Ratio at the last day of any fiscal quarter of Borrower specified below to be less than the corresponding ratio
set forth below:



    
    


 2013 through June 30

    


 2014 through December 31

    



    



    



    



    


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


. Permit
the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio as at the last day of any fiscal quarter of Borrower specified below to exceed the corresponding
ratio set forth below:



    
    


 2013 through December 31

    



    


 2014 and September 30

    



    



    


 2015 and September 30

    



    



    


 that for the purposes of determining the
Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio
 (i) Consolidated EBITDA for the period ending September 30
 2013 shall be deemed to equal Consolidated
EBITDA for the fiscal quarter ending September 30
 by 4
 (ii) Consolidated EBITDA for the period ending
December 31
 2013 shall be deemed to equal Consolidated EBITDA for the fiscal quarters ending September 30
 2013 and December 31
 by 2
 and (iii) Consolidated EBITDA for the period ending March 31
 2014 shall be deemed to equal Consolidated
EBITDA for the fiscal quarters ending September 30
 2013
 December 31
 2013 and March 31
 2014 



    
    


. The Borrower represents and warrants as of the date hereof and on the
Third Amendment Effective Date to the Agent and each Lender that:

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 and the legal right
 to make
 deliver and perform this Amendment and (ii) has
taken all necessary corporate or other action to authorize the execution
 delivery and performance of this Amendment;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 filing with
 notice to or other act by or in respect of
 any Governmental Authority or any
other Person is required to be obtained by Borrower in connection with the execution
 delivery
 performance
 validity or enforceability
of this Amendment;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 valid and binding
obligation of Borrower
 enforceable against Borrower in accordance with its terms
 except as enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy
 insolvency
 reorganization
 moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors&rsquo; rights generally
and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law);

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 delivery and performance of this Amendment will not result in a violation by Borrower of any Requirement
of Law or any Contractual Obligation of Borrower and will not result in
 or require
 the creation or imposition of any Lien on
any of its Properties or revenues pursuant to any Requirement of Law or any such Contractual Obligation;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 the representations and warranties made by any Loan Party in or
pursuant to the Loan Documents are true and accurate as of the date hereof with the same force and effect as if such had been made
on and as of the date hereof;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

it is a party; and

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


. The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions
precedent (the date of satisfaction of such conditions precedent
 the &ldquo;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 or caused to be paid
 each of the outstanding invoices of Latham &amp; Watkins
 LLP
 counsel for
the Agent and certain other fees separately agreed as between Borrower and the Agent;



    
    


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 or shall have caused to be executed and delivered
 such other items as the Agent
may reasonably request
 each of which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent.

. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document
 as such term is defined in the Credit Agreement.
This Amendment is not intended to nor shall it be construed to create a novation or accord and satisfaction with respect to any
of the Obligations.

. Any provision of this Amendment that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall
 as to
such jurisdiction
 be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions
hereof
 and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision
in any other jurisdiction.

. This Amendment and the other Loan Documents represent the entire agreement of the Loan Parties
 the
Agent and the Lenders with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof
 and there are no promises
 undertakings
 representations
or warranties by the Agent or any Lender relative to subject matter hereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in
the other Loan Documents.

AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE
GOVERNED BY

 THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

. The representations and warranties contained in Section 3 of this Amendment shall survive the execution
and delivery of this Amendment and the Third Amendment Effective Date.

. Except as expressly modified hereby
 the Credit Agreement and each
other Loan Document are each hereby ratified and confirmed by the parties hereto and remain in full force and effect in accordance
with the respective terms thereof. Other than as otherwise expressly provided herein
 this Amendment shall not be deemed to operate
as an amendment or waiver of
 or to prejudice
 any right
 power
 privilege or remedy of any Lender
 the Agent or any other Indemnitee
under the Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents
 nor shall the entering into of this Amendment preclude any such
Person from refusing to enter into any further amendments with respect to the Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents.
Other than as to otherwise expressly provided herein
 this Amendment shall not constitute a waiver of compliance with any covenant
or other provision in the Agreement or any other Loan Document or of the occurrence or continuance of any present or future Default
or Event of Default.

. Subject to and in accordance with Section 9.5 of the Credit Agreement
 regardless of whether the
transactions contemplated by this Amendment are consummated
 Borrower agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs
and expenses of the Agent and each Lender incurred in connection with the development
 preparation
 execution and delivery of this
Amendment
 including the reasonable fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel and consultants to the Agent.



    
    


.
The section headings contained in this Amendment are inserted for convenience only and will not affect in any way the meaning
or interpretation of this Amendment.

. This Amendment may not be amended or modified except in the manner specified for an amendment of or modification
to the Credit Agreement in Section 9.1 of the Credit Agreement.





    
    



 the parties
hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed under seal and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers on
the date first written above.




BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



 /s/ Kenneth
DeCubellis



    
    


CHAMBERS ENERGY MANAGEMENT
 LP

as the Agent



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Name: J. Robert Chambers



CHAMBERS ENERGY CAPITAL II
 LP

as a Lender


 LLC
 its general partner


 /s/ J.
Robert Chambers
J.
Robert Chambers

Managing Director



CHAMBERS ENERGY CAPITAL II TE
 LP

as a Lender


 LLC
 its general partner


/s/ J. Robert
Chambers
J.
Robert Chambers

Managing Director


    















     











CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT PETROLEUM ENGINEERS AND GEOLOGISTS


Annual Report on Form 10-K of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. for the year ended December 31
 2014
 of our report dated March 18
2015
 with respect to estimates of reserves and future net revenue of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 as of December 31
 2014
and to all references to our firm included in this Annual Report.

NETHERLAND
 SEWELL &amp; ASSOCIATES
 INC.




 P.E.




 Texas

 2015






        you are viewing is provided by Netherland
 Sewell &amp; Associates
 Inc. (NSAI) as a convenience to our clients. The digital document
        is intended to be substantively the same as the original signed document maintained by NSAI. The digital document is subject to
        the parameters
 limitations
 and conditions stated in the original document. In the event of any differences between the digital
        document and the original document
 the original document shall control and supersede the digital document.














     








 Kenneth DeCubellis
 certify that:


I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.;


Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this
report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others
within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting.


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on Black Ridge Oil
&amp; Gas&rsquo;s most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the small business issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.

March 30
 2015




    
    
    
    

    
Kenneth DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer 
    
    

    
    
    
    














     







 James Moe
 certify that:


I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.;


Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this
report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others
within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting.


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on Black Ridge Oil
&amp; Gas&rsquo;s most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the small business issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.

March 30
 2015




    
    
    
    

    
James Moe
 Chief Financial Officer
    
    

    
    
    
    















     



Exhibit
32.1






2002


the Annual Report of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31
2014(the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Kenneth DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 USC Section
1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to the best of my knowledge and belief:


Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.



 2015






    
    
    
    

Kenneth DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer 
    
    

    
    
    




accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not
 except to the extent required by
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as amended.















     



Exhibit
32.2






2002


the Annual Report of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31
2014 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) I
 James Moe
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to the best of my knowledge and belief:


Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.



 2015






    
    
    
    

James Moe
 Chief Financial Officer
    
    

    
    
    




accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of&nbsp;2002 and shall not
 except to the extent required
by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934
 as amended.










 SEWELL & ASSOCIATES
 INC.



     






 2015






 Inc.

 Suite 310

 Minnesota 55305




 we have
estimated the proved reserves and future revenue
 as of December 31
 2014
 to the Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (Black Ridge)
interest in certain oil and gas properties located in Montana and North Dakota. We completed our evaluation on or about the date
of this letter. It is our understanding that the proved reserves estimated in this report constitute all of the proved reserves
owned by Black Ridge. The estimates in this report have been prepared in accordance with the definitions and regulations of the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and
 with the exception of the exclusion of future income taxes
 conform to the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification Topic 932
 Extractive Activities&mdash;Oil and Gas. Definitions are presented immediately following
this letter. This report has been prepared for Black Ridge's use in filing with the SEC; in our opinion the assumptions
 data
methods
 and procedures used in the preparation of this report are appropriate for such purpose.


net revenue to the Black Ridge interest in these properties
 as of December 31
 2014
 to&nbsp;be:



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
688.3
1
276.5
92
267.6
58
938.7

    
    
    
6
437.5
4
743.1

    
2
998.4
1
983.7
97
415.1
36
652.9

    
    
    
    
    

    
4
797.9
3
346.8
196
120.2
100
334.7



and condensate. Oil volumes are expressed in thousands of barrels (MBBL); a barrel is equivalent to 42 United States gallons. Gas
volumes are expressed in millions of cubic feet (MMCF) at standard temperature and pressure bases.


for proved reserves. No study was made to determine whether probable or possible reserves might be established for these properties.
This report does not include any value that could be attributed to interests in undeveloped acreage beyond those tracts for which
undeveloped reserves have been estimated. Reserves categorization conveys the relative degree of certainty; reserves subcategorization
is based on development and production status. The estimates of reserves and future revenue included herein have not been adjusted
for risk.


the gross (100 percent) revenue from the properties prior to any deductions. Future net revenue is after deductions for Black Ridge's
share of production taxes
 ad valorem taxes
 capital costs
 and operating expenses but before consideration of any income taxes.
The future net revenue has been discounted at an annual rate of 10 percent to determine its present worth
 which is shown to indicate
the effect of time on the value of money. Future net revenue presented in this report
 whether discounted or undiscounted
 should
not be construed as being the fair market value of the properties.




    
    





the 12-month unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month in the period January through December
2014. For oil volumes
 the average West Texas Intermediate spot price of $94.99 per barrel is adjusted by lease for quality
 transportation
fees
 and market differentials. For gas volumes
 the average Henry Hub spot price of $4.350 per MMBTU is adjusted by lease for
energy content
 transportation fees
 and market differentials. When applicable
 gas prices have been adjusted to include the value
for natural gas liquids. All prices are held constant throughout the lives of the properties. The average adjusted product prices
weighted by production over the remaining lives of the properties are $83.26 per barrel of oil and $7.102 per MCF of gas.


based on operating expense records of Black Ridge. These costs include the per-well overhead expenses allowed under joint operating
agreements along with estimates of costs to be incurred at and below the district and field levels. Operating costs have been divided
into per-well costs and per-unit-of-production costs. Since all properties are nonoperated
 headquarters general and administrative
overhead expenses of Black Ridge are not included. Operating costs are not escalated for inflation.


provided by Black Ridge and are based on authorizations for expenditure and actual costs from recent activity. Capital costs are
included as required for new development wells and production equipment. Based on our understanding of future development plans
a review of the records provided to us
 and our knowledge of similar properties
 we regard these estimated capital costs to be
reasonable. Capital costs are not escalated for inflation. As requested
 our estimates do not include any salvage value for the
lease and well equipment or the cost of abandoning the properties.


 we did
not perform any field inspection of the properties
 nor did we examine the mechanical operation or condition of the wells and facilities.
We have not investigated possible environmental liability related to the properties; therefore
 our estimates do not include any
costs due to such possible liability.


volume and value imbalances resulting from overdelivery or underdelivery to the Black Ridge interest. Therefore
 our estimates
of reserves and future revenue do not include adjustments for the settlement of any such imbalances; our projections are based
on Black Ridge receiving its net revenue interest share of estimated future gross production.


only and should not be construed as exact quantities. Proved reserves are those quantities of oil and gas which
 by analysis of
engineering and geoscience data
 can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible; probable and possible
reserves are those additional reserves which are sequentially less certain to be recovered than proved reserves. Estimates of reserves
may increase or decrease as a result of market conditions
 future operations
 changes in regulations
 or actual reservoir performance.
In addition to the primary economic assumptions discussed herein
 our estimates are based on certain assumptions including
 but
not limited to
 that the properties will be developed consistent with current development plans as provided to us by Black Ridge
that the properties will be operated in a prudent manner
 that no governmental regulations or controls will be put in place that
would impact the ability of the interest owner to recover the reserves
 and that our projections of future production will prove
consistent with actual performance. If the reserves are recovered
 the revenues therefrom and the costs related thereto could be
more or less than the estimated amounts. Because of governmental policies and uncertainties of supply and demand
 the sales rates
prices received for the reserves
 and costs incurred in recovering such reserves may vary from assumptions made while preparing
this report.


 we used
technical and economic data including
 but not limited to
 well logs
 geologic maps
 well test data
 production data
 historical
price and cost information
 and property ownership interests. The reserves in this report have been estimated using deterministic
methods; these estimates have been prepared in accordance with the Standards Pertaining to the Estimating and Auditing of Oil and
Gas Reserves Information promulgated by the Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE Standards). We used standard engineering and geoscience
methods
 or a combination of methods
 including performance analysis
 volumetric analysis
 and analogy
 that we considered to be
appropriate and necessary to categorize and estimate reserves in accordance with SEC definitions and regulations. As in all aspects
of oil and gas evaluation
 there are uncertainties inherent in the interpretation of engineering and geoscience data; therefore
our conclusions necessarily represent only informed professional judgment.



    
    





from Black Ridge
 other interest owners
 various operators of the properties
 public data sources
 and the nonconfidential files
of Netherland
 Sewell &amp; Associates
 Inc. (NSAI) and were accepted as accurate. Supporting work data are on file in our office.
We have not examined the titles to the properties or independently confirmed the actual degree or type of interest owned. The technical
persons primarily responsible for preparing the estimates presented herein meet the requirements regarding qualifications
 independence
objectivity
 and confidentiality set forth in the SPE Standards. Dan Paul Smith
 a Licensed Professional Engineer in the State
of Texas
 has been practicing consulting petroleum engineering at NSAI since 1980 and has over 7 years of prior industry experience.
John G. Hattner a Licensed Professional Geoscientist in the State of Texas
 has been practicing consulting petroleum geoscience
at NSAI since 1991 and has over 11 years of prior industry experience. We are independent petroleum engineers
 geologists
 geophysicists
and petrophysicists; we do not own an interest in these properties nor are we employed on a contingent basis.



    
    



    
    
    
    

    
    
NETHERLAND
 SEWELL &amp; ASSOCIATES
 INC.

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

III

    
    
    

III
 P.E.

    
    
    

Executive Officer

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    


    

G. Hattner
 P.G. 559

    


    

President

    
    
    
    




March 18
 2015









        you are viewing is provided by Netherland
 Sewell &amp; Associates
 Inc. (NSAI) as a convenience to our clients. The digital document
        is intended to be substantively the same as the original signed document maintained by NSAI. The digital document is subject to
        the parameters
 limitations
 and conditions stated in the original document. In the event of any differences between the digital
        document and the original document
 the original document shall control and supersede the digital document.




    
    






Commission Regulation S-X Section 210.4-10(a)



in U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Regulation S-X Section 210.4-10(a). Also included is supplemental information
from (1) the 2007 Petroleum Resources Management System approved by the Society of Petroleum Engineers
 (2) the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification Topic 932
 Extractive Activities&mdash;Oil and Gas
 and (3) the SEC's Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations.

Costs
incurred to purchase
 lease or otherwise acquire a property
 including costs of lease bonuses and options to purchase or lease
properties
 the portion of costs applicable to minerals when land including mineral rights is purchased in fee
 brokers' fees
recording fees
 legal costs
 and other costs incurred in acquiring properties.

. Analogous
reservoirs
 as used in resources assessments
 have similar rock and fluid properties
 reservoir conditions (depth
 temperature
and pressure) and drive mechanisms
 but are typically at a more advanced stage of development than the reservoir of interest and
thus may provide concepts to assist in the interpretation of more limited data and estimation of recovery. When used to support
proved reserves
 an &quot;analogous reservoir&quot; refers to a reservoir that shares the following characteristics with the reservoir
of interest:


Same geological formation (but not necessarily in pressure communication
with the reservoir of interest);







:
Reservoir properties must
 in the aggregate
 be no more favorable in the analog than in the reservoir of interest.

. Bitumen
 sometimes
referred to as natural bitumen
 is petroleum in a solid or semi-solid state in natural deposits with a viscosity greater than 10
000
centipoise measured at original temperature in the deposit and atmospheric pressure
 on a gas free basis. In its natural state
it usually contains sulfur
 metals
 and other non-hydrocarbons.

. Condensate is a
mixture of hydrocarbons that exists in the gaseous phase at original reservoir temperature and pressure
 but that
 when produced
is in the liquid phase at surface pressure and temperature.

. The
method of estimating reserves or resources is called deterministic when a single value for each parameter (from the geoscience
engineering
 or economic data) in the reserves calculation is used in the reserves estimation procedure.

.
Developed oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that can be expected to be recovered:


Through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or
in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared to the cost of a new well; and

Through installed extraction equipment and infrastructure operational at
the time of the reserves estimate if the extraction is by means not involving a well.




Supplemental
definitions from the 2007 Petroleum Resources Management System:


Developed Producing Reserves are expected to be recovered from completion intervals that are open and producing at the time of
the estimate. Improved recovery reserves are considered producing only after the improved recovery project is in operation.


&ndash; Developed Non-Producing Reserves include shut-in and behind-pipe Reserves. Shut-in Reserves are expected to be recovered
from (1) completion intervals which are open at the time of the estimate but which have not yet started producing
 (2) wells which
were shut-in for market conditions or pipeline connections
 or (3) wells not capable of production for mechanical reasons. Behind-pipe
Reserves are expected to be recovered from zones in existing wells which will require additional completion work or future recompletion
prior to start of production. In all cases
 production can be initiated or restored with relatively low expenditure compared to
the cost of drilling a new well.






    
    






Commission Regulation S-X Section 210.4-10(a)


Costs incurred
to obtain access to proved reserves and to provide facilities for extracting
 treating
 gathering and storing the oil and gas.
More specifically
 development costs
 including depreciation and applicable operating costs of support equipment and facilities
and other costs of development activities
 are costs incurred to:


Gain access to and prepare well locations for drilling
 including surveying
well locations for the purpose of determining specific development drilling sites
 clearing ground
 draining
 road building
 and
relocating public roads
 gas lines
 and power lines
 to the extent necessary in developing the proved reserves.

Drill and equip development wells
 development-type stratigraphic test wells
and service wells
 including the costs of platforms and of well equipment such as casing
 tubing
 pumping equipment
 and the wellhead
assembly.

Acquire
 construct
 and install production facilities such as lease flow
lines
 separators
 treaters
 heaters
 manifolds
 measuring devices
 and production storage tanks
 natural gas cycling and processing
plants
 and central utility and waste disposal systems.



. A development
project is the means by which petroleum resources are brought to the status of economically producible. As examples
 the development
of a single reservoir or field
 an incremental development in a producing field
 or the integrated development of a group of several
fields and associated facilities with a common ownership may constitute a development project.

. A well drilled
within the proved area of an oil or gas reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive.

. The
term economically producible
 as it relates to a resource
 means a resource which generates revenue that exceeds
 or is reasonably
expected to exceed
 the costs of the operation. The value of the products that generate revenue shall be determined at the terminal
point of oil and gas producing activities as defined in paragraph (a)(16) of this section.

.
Estimated ultimate recovery is the sum of reserves remaining as of a given date and cumulative production as of that date.

. Costs incurred
in identifying areas that may warrant examination and in examining specific areas that are considered to have prospects of containing
oil and gas reserves
 including costs of drilling exploratory wells and exploratory-type stratigraphic test wells. Exploration
costs may be incurred both before acquiring the related property (sometimes referred to in part as prospecting costs) and after
acquiring the property. Principal types of exploration costs
 which include depreciation and applicable operating costs of support
equipment and facilities and other costs of exploration activities
 are:


Costs of topographical
 geographical and geophysical studies
 rights of
access to properties to conduct those studies
 and salaries and other expenses of geologists
 geophysical crews
 and others conducting
those studies. Collectively
 these are sometimes referred to as geological and geophysical or &quot;G&amp;G&quot; costs.

Costs of carrying and retaining undeveloped properties
 such as delay rentals
ad valorem taxes on properties
 legal costs for title defense
 and the maintenance of land and lease records.







. An exploratory
well is a well drilled to find a new field or to find a new reservoir in a field previously found to be productive of oil or gas
in another reservoir. Generally
 an exploratory well is any well that is not a development well
 an extension well
 a service well
or a stratigraphic test well as those items are defined in this section.



    
    






Commission Regulation S-X Section 210.4-10(a)


. An extension
well is a well drilled to extend the limits of a known reservoir.

. An area consisting of
a single reservoir or multiple reservoirs all grouped on or related to the same individual geological structural feature and/or
stratigraphic condition. There may be two or more reservoirs in a field which are separated vertically by intervening impervious
strata
 or laterally by local geologic barriers
 or by both. Reservoirs that are associated by being in overlapping or adjacent
fields may be treated as a single or common operational field. The geological terms &quot;structural feature&quot; and &quot;stratigraphic
condition&quot; are intended to identify localized geological features as opposed to the broader terms of basins
 trends
 provinces
plays
 areas-of-interest
 etc.







The search for crude oil
 including condensate and natural gas liquids
 or
natural gas (&quot;oil and gas&quot;) in their natural states and original locations;

The acquisition of property rights or properties for the purpose of further
exploration or for the purpose of removing the oil or gas from such properties;

The construction
 drilling
 and production activities necessary to retrieve
oil and gas from their natural reservoirs
 including the acquisition
 construction
 installation
 and maintenance of field gathering
and storage systems
 such as:



Gathering
 treating
 and field processing (as in the case of processing
gas to extract liquid hydrocarbons); and

Extraction of saleable hydrocarbons
 in the solid
 liquid
 or gaseous state
from oil sands
 shale
 coalbeds
 or other nonrenewable natural resources which are intended to be upgraded into synthetic oil or
gas
 and activities undertaken with a view to such extraction.

Instruction 1 to paragraph
(a)(16)(i)
 which is the outlet
valve on the lease or field storage tank. If unusual physical or operational circumstances exist
 it may be appropriate to regard
the terminal point for the production function as:


The first point at which oil
 gas
 or gas liquids
 natural or synthetic
are delivered to a main pipeline
 a common carrier
 a refinery
 or a marine terminal; and

In the case of natural resources that are intended to be upgraded into synthetic
oil or gas
 if those natural resources are delivered to a purchaser prior to upgrading
 the first point at which the natural resources
are delivered to a main pipeline
 a common carrier
 a refinery
 a marine terminal
 or a facility which upgrades such natural resources
into synthetic oil or gas.

Instruction 2 to paragraph
(a)(16)(i):
 means hydrocarbons that are saleable
in the state in which the hydrocarbons are delivered.





Transporting
 refining
 or marketing oil and gas;

Processing of produced oil
 gas
 or natural resources that can be upgraded
into synthetic oil or gas by a registrant that does not have the legal right to produce or a revenue interest in such production;

Activities relating to the production of natural resources other than oil
gas
 or natural resources from which synthetic oil and gas can be extracted; or



Possible
reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than probable reserves.


When deterministic methods are used
 the total quantities ultimately recovered
from a project have a low probability of exceeding proved plus probable plus possible reserves. When probabilistic methods are
used
 there should be at least a 10% probability that the total quantities ultimately recovered will equal or exceed the proved
plus probable plus possible reserves estimates.


    
    






Commission Regulation S-X Section 210.4-10(a)



Possible reserves may be assigned to areas of a reservoir adjacent to probable
reserves where data control and interpretations of available data are progressively less certain. Frequently
 this will be in areas
where geoscience and engineering data are unable to define clearly the area and vertical limits of commercial production from the
reservoir by a defined project.

Possible reserves also include incremental quantities associated with a
greater percentage recovery of the hydrocarbons in place than the recovery quantities assumed for probable reserves.

The proved plus probable and proved plus probable plus possible reserves
estimates must be based on reasonable alternative technical and commercial interpretations within the reservoir or subject project
that are clearly documented
 including comparisons to results in successful similar projects.

Possible reserves may be assigned where geoscience and engineering data
identify directly adjacent portions of a reservoir within the same accumulation that may be separated from proved areas by faults
with displacement less than formation thickness or other geological discontinuities and that have not been penetrated by a wellbore
and the registrant believes that such adjacent portions are in communication with the known (proved) reservoir. Possible reserves
may be assigned to areas that are structurally higher or lower than the proved area if these areas are in communication with the
proved reservoir.

Pursuant to paragraph (a)(22)(iii) of this section
 where direct observation
has defined a highest known oil (HKO) elevation and the potential exists for an associated gas cap
 proved oil reserves should
be assigned in the structurally higher portions of the reservoir above the HKO only if the higher contact can be established with
reasonable certainty through reliable technology. Portions of the reservoir that do not meet this reasonable certainty criterion
may be assigned as probable and possible oil or gas based on reservoir fluid properties and pressure gradient interpretations.

 Probable
reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than proved reserves but which
 together with proved
reserves
 are as likely as not to be recovered.


When deterministic methods are used
 it is as likely as not that actual
remaining quantities recovered will exceed the sum of estimated proved plus probable reserves. When probabilistic methods are used
there should be at least a 50% probability that the actual quantities recovered will equal or exceed the proved plus probable reserves
estimates.

Probable reserves may be assigned to areas of a reservoir adjacent to proved
reserves where data control or interpretations of available data are less certain
 even if the interpreted reservoir continuity
of structure or productivity does not meet the reasonable certainty criterion. Probable reserves may be assigned to areas that
are structurally higher than the proved area if these areas are in communication with the proved reservoir.

Probable reserves estimates also include potential incremental quantities
associated with a greater percentage recovery of the hydrocarbons in place than assumed for proved reserves.



 The
method of estimation of reserves or resources is called probabilistic when the full range of values that could reasonably occur
for each unknown parameter (from the geoscience and engineering data) is used to generate a full range of possible outcomes and
their associated probabilities of occurrence.




Costs incurred to operate and maintain wells and related equipment and facilities
including depreciation and applicable operating costs of support equipment and facilities and other costs of operating and maintaining
those wells and related equipment and facilities. They become part of the cost of oil and gas produced. Examples of production
costs (sometimes called lifting costs) are:






Materials
 supplies
 and fuel consumed and supplies utilized in operating
the wells and related equipment and facilities.

Property taxes and insurance applicable to proved properties and wells and
related equipment and facilities.





    
    






Commission Regulation S-X Section 210.4-10(a)



Some support equipment or facilities may serve two or more oil and gas producing
activities and may also serve transportation
 refining
 and marketing activities. To the extent that the support equipment and
facilities are used in oil and gas producing activities
 their depreciation and applicable operating costs become exploration
development or production costs
 as appropriate. Depreciation
 depletion
 and amortization of capitalized acquisition
 exploration
and development costs are not production costs but also become part of the cost of oil and gas produced along with production (lifting)
costs identified above.

 The part of a
property to which proved reserves have been specifically attributed.


Proved oil and gas reserves are those quantities of oil and gas
 which
 by analysis of geoscience and engineering data
 can be
estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible&mdash;from a given date forward
 from known reservoirs
 and under
existing economic conditions
 operating methods
 and government regulations&mdash;prior to the time at which contracts providing
the right to operate expire
 unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain
 regardless of whether deterministic
or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. The project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator
must be reasonably certain that it will commence the project within a reasonable time.





The area identified by drilling and limited by fluid contacts
 if any
 and

Adjacent undrilled portions of the reservoir that can
 with reasonable certainty
be judged to be continuous with it and to contain economically producible oil or gas on the basis of available geoscience and engineering
data.


In the absence of data on fluid contacts
 proved quantities in a reservoir
are limited by the lowest known hydrocarbons (LKH) as seen in a well penetration unless geoscience
 engineering
 or performance
data and reliable technology establishes a lower contact with reasonable certainty.

Where direct observation from well penetrations has defined a highest known
oil (HKO) elevation and the potential exists for an associated gas cap
 proved oil reserves may be assigned in the structurally
higher portions of the reservoir only if geoscience
 engineering
 or performance data and reliable technology establish the higher
contact with reasonable certainty.

Reserves which can be produced economically through application of improved
recovery techniques (including
 but not limited to
 fluid injection) are included in the proved classification when:


Successful testing by a pilot project in an area of the reservoir with properties
no more favorable than in the reservoir as a whole
 the operation of an installed program in the reservoir or an analogous reservoir
or other evidence using reliable technology establishes the reasonable certainty of the engineering analysis on which the project
or program was based; and

The project has been approved for development by all necessary parties and
entities
 including governmental entities.


Existing economic conditions include prices and costs at which economic
producibility from a reservoir is to be determined. The price shall be the average price during the 12-month period prior to the
ending date of the period covered by the report
 determined as an unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price
for each month within such period
 unless prices are defined by contractual arrangements
 excluding escalations based upon future
conditions.

 Properties
with proved reserves.

 If deterministic
methods are used
 reasonable certainty means a high degree of confidence that the quantities will be recovered. If probabilistic
methods are used
 there should be at least a 90% probability that the quantities actually recovered will equal or exceed the estimate.
A high degree of confidence exists if the quantity is much more likely to be achieved than not
 and
 as changes due to increased
availability of geoscience (geological
 geophysical
 and geochemical)
 engineering
 and economic data are made to estimated ultimate
recovery (EUR) with time
 reasonably certain EUR is much more likely to increase or remain constant than to decrease.



    
    






Commission Regulation S-X Section 210.4-10(a)


 Reliable
technology is a grouping of one or more technologies (including computational methods) that has been field tested and has been
demonstrated to provide reasonably certain results with consistency and repeatability in the formation being evaluated or in an
analogous formation.

Reserves are estimated
remaining quantities of oil and gas and related substances anticipated to be economically producible
 as of a given date
 by application
of development projects to known accumulations. In addition
 there must exist
 or there must be a reasonable expectation that there
will exist
 the legal right to produce or a revenue interest in the production
 installed means of delivering oil and gas or related
substances to market
 and all permits and financing required to implement the project.

: Reserves
should not be assigned to adjacent reservoirs isolated by major
 potentially sealing
 faults until those reservoirs are penetrated
and evaluated as economically producible. Reserves should not be assigned to areas that are clearly separated from a known accumulation
by a non-productive reservoir (i.e.
 absence of reservoir
 structurally low reservoir
 or negative test results). Such areas may
contain prospective resources (i.e.
 potentially recoverable resources from undiscovered accumulations).




Excerpted
from the FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 932
 Extractive Activities&mdash;Oil and Gas:



    

932-235-50-30 A standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to an entity's interests
    in both of the following shall be disclosed as of the end of the year:

    

    
    
    

    
    
Oil and gas subject to purchase under long-term supply
 purchase
 or similar agreements and contracts in which the
    entity participates in the operation of the properties on which the oil or gas is located or otherwise serves as the producer
    of those reserves (see paragraph 932-235-50-7).

    
    
    

The standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to those two types of interests in
    reserves may be combined for reporting purposes.

    

932-235-50-31 All of the following information shall be disclosed in the aggregate and for each geographic
    area for which reserve quantities are disclosed in accordance with paragraphs 932-235-50-3 through 50-11B:

    
    
    

    
    
Future cash inflows. These shall be computed by applying prices used in estimating the entity's proved oil and gas
    reserves to the year-end quantities of those reserves. Future price changes shall be considered only to the extent provided
    by contractual arrangements in existence at year-end.

    
    
Future development and production costs. These costs shall be computed by estimating the expenditures to be incurred
    in developing and producing the proved oil and gas reserves at the end of the year
 based on year-end costs and assuming continuation
    of existing economic conditions. If estimated development expenditures are significant
 they shall be presented separately
    from estimated production costs.

    
    
Future income tax expenses. These expenses shall be computed by applying the appropriate year-end statutory tax rates
    with consideration of future tax rates already legislated
 to the future pretax net cash flows relating to the entity's proved
    oil and gas reserves
 less the tax basis of the properties involved. The future income tax expenses shall give effect to tax
    deductions and tax credits and allowances relating to the entity's proved oil and gas reserves.

    
    
Future net cash flows. These amounts are the result of subtracting future development and production costs and future
    income tax expenses from future cash inflows.

    
    
Discount. This amount shall be derived from using a discount rate of 10 percent a year to reflect the timing of the
    future net cash flows relating to proved oil and gas reserves.

    
    
Standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows. This amount is the future net cash flows less the computed
    discount.



 A porous and permeable
underground formation containing a natural accumulation of producible oil and/or gas that is confined by impermeable rock or water
barriers and is individual and separate from other reservoirs.



    
    






Commission Regulation S-X Section 210.4-10(a)


 Resources are quantities
of oil and gas estimated to exist in naturally occurring accumulations. A portion of the resources may be estimated to be recoverable
and another portion may be considered to be unrecoverable. Resources include both discovered and undiscovered accumulations.

 A well drilled
or completed for the purpose of supporting production in an existing field. Specific purposes of service wells include gas injection
water injection
 steam injection
 air injection
 salt-water disposal
 water supply for injection
 observation
 or injection for
in-situ combustion.

 A
stratigraphic test well is a drilling effort
 geologically directed
 to obtain information pertaining to a specific geologic condition.
Such wells customarily are drilled without the intent of being completed for hydrocarbon production. The classification also includes
tests identified as core tests and all types of expendable holes related to hydrocarbon exploration. Stratigraphic tests are classified
as &quot;exploratory type&quot; if not drilled in a known area or &quot;development type&quot; if drilled in a known area.


Undeveloped oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage
or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion.


Reserves on undrilled acreage shall be limited to those directly offsetting
development spacing areas that are reasonably certain of production when drilled
 unless evidence using reliable technology exists
that establishes reasonable certainty of economic producibility at greater distances.

Undrilled locations can be classified as having undeveloped reserves only
if a development plan has been adopted indicating that they are scheduled to be drilled within five years
 unless the specific
circumstances
 justify a longer time.




From the SEC's Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations (October 26
 2009):

    

Although several types of projects &mdash; such as constructing offshore platforms and development in urban
    areas
 remote locations or environmentally sensitive locations &mdash; by their nature customarily take a longer time to develop
    and therefore often do justify longer time periods
 this determination must always take into consideration all of the facts
    and circumstances. No particular type of project per se justifies a longer time period
 and any extension beyond five years
    should be the exception
 and not the rule.

    

Factors that a company should consider in determining whether or not circumstances justify recognizing
    reserves even though development may extend past five years include
 but are not limited to
 the following:

    

    
    
The company's level of ongoing significant development activities in the area to be developed (for
    example
 drilling only the minimum number of wells necessary to maintain the lease generally would not constitute significant
    development activities);

    
    
    

    
    
The amount of time in which the company has maintained the leases
 or booked the reserves
 without significant development
    activities;

    
    
The extent to which the company has followed a previously adopted development plan (for example
 if a company has changed
    its development plan several times without taking significant steps to implement any of those plans
 recognizing proved undeveloped
    reserves typically would not be appropriate); and

    
    
The extent to which delays in development are caused by external factors related to the physical operating environment
    (for example
 restrictions on development on Federal lands
 but not obtaining government permits)
 rather than by internal
    factors (for example
 shifting resources to develop properties with higher priority).






Under no circumstances shall estimates for undeveloped reserves be attributable
to any acreage for which an application of fluid injection or other improved recovery technique is contemplated
 unless such techniques
have been proved effective by actual projects in the same reservoir or an analogous reservoir
 as defined in paragraph (a)(2) of
this section
 or by other evidence using reliable technology establishing reasonable certainty.

 Properties
with no proved reserves.





    






















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        


        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        



      


      




          


          




      


      




          


          




      




          


          






          


          






          


          




      




          


          





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&amp;#160;2012
 Ante5
&amp;#160;Inc.&#13;changed its corporate name to Black&amp;#160;Ridge&amp;#160;Oil&amp;#160;&amp;#38;&amp;#160;Gas
&amp;#160;Inc.
 and continues to trade its common stock&#13;on the OTCQB under the trading symbol &amp;#147;ANFC&amp;#148;. Black&amp;#160;Ridge&amp;#160;Oil&amp;#160;&amp;#38;&amp;#160;Gas
&amp;#160;Inc. (Formerly Ante5
&amp;#160;Inc.)&#13;(the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) became an independent company in April 2010 when the spin-off from our former parent company
 Ante4
&amp;#160;Inc.&#13;(now Emerald&amp;#160;Oil
&amp;#160;Inc. and also formerly known as Voyager&amp;#160;Oil&amp;#160;&amp;#38;&amp;#160;Gas
&amp;#160;Inc.)
 became effective.&#13;We became a publicly traded company when our shares began trading on July&amp;#160;1
&amp;#160;2010. Since October&amp;#160;2010
 we have been&#13;engaged in the business of acquiring oil and gas leases and participating in the drilling of wells in the Bakken and Three Forks&#13;trends in North Dakota and Montana. Our strategy is to participate in the exploration
 development and production of oil and gas&#13;reserves as a non-operating working interest owner in a growing

 exploration
 development and production of crude oil and natural gas properties

 we participate in drilling activities primarily on a heads-up basis. Before a well is spud
 an operator is required&#13;to offer all mineral lease owners in the designated well spacing unit the right to participate in the drilling and production of&#13;the well. Drilling costs and revenues from oil and gas sales are split pro-rata based on acreage ownership in the designated drilling&#13;unit. We rely on our operator partners to identify specific drilling sites
 permit


 services
 geographic areas and&#13;major customers. An operating segment is defined as a component of an enterprise that engages in business activities from which&#13;it may earn revenues and expenses

 by its&#13;nature
 to environmental hazards and clean-up costs. At this time

 all highly liquid investments with&#13;an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are stated at cost plus accrued&#13;interest

&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%&gt;Cash&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;94
682&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;1
112
356&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Money market funds&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;37
991&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;94
682&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;1
150

 at times
 may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation&#13;(FDIC) and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) up to $250
000 and $500
000
 respectively
 under current regulations.&#13;The Company had approximately $-0- and $862
356 in excess of FDIC and SIPC insured limits at December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013


 which approximates the effective interest&#13;method. The Company paid $254
394 and $865
101 of debt issuance costs during the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013
&#13;respectively
 of which the unamortized balance of debt issuance costs at December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013 was $701
019&#13;and $772
883
 respectively. Amortization of debt issuance costs charged to interest expense was $326
258 and $749
920 for the years&#13;ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013
 respectively. When a loan is paid in full

 &amp;#147;Accounting for Website Development Costs&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASC 350-50&amp;#148;)


 infrastructure
 graphics)

 training
 admin)
 whereby the related costs are expensed as incurred. Upgrades are usually expensed

660 of website&#13;development costs from inception through December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014. We have recognized depreciation expense on these website&#13;costs of $15
380 and $18
887 for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013

 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles and expands disclosures&#13;about fair value measurements. This Statement reaffirms that fair value is the relevant measurement attribute. The adoption of&#13;this standard did not have a material effect on the Company&amp;#146;s financial statements as reflected herein. The carrying amounts&#13;of cash

 renewals
 and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations&#13;as incurred. Long-lived assets
 other than oil and gas properties
 are evaluated for impairment to determine if current circumstances&#13;and market conditions indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company has not recognized any impairment losses&#13;on non-oil and gas long-lived assets. Depreciation expense was $29
138 and $24
001 for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014&#13;and&amp;#160;2013

 and title has transferred to

 and the capitalized&#13;cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled for an amount other than the recorded&#13;amount

 geological&#13;and geophysical expenses
 carrying charges on non-producing properties
 costs of drilling directly related to acquisition
 and&#13;exploration activities. Internal costs that are capitalized are directly attributable to acquisition
 exploration and development&#13;activities and do not include costs related to the production
 general corporate overhead or similar activities. Costs associated&#13;with production and general corporate activities are expensed in the period incurred. Capitalized costs are summarized as follows&#13;for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013

&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%&gt;Capitalized Certain Payroll and Other Internal Costs&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;61
861&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;137
509&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Capitalized Interest Costs&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;372
673&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 12.4pt&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;434
534&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;137

 with no gain or loss recognized
 unless such a sale would significantly alter the relationship&#13;between capitalized costs and the proved reserves attributable to these costs. A significant alteration would typically involve&#13;a sale of 20% or more of the proved reserves related to a single full cost pool. During the year ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014
&#13;the Company sold approximately 502&amp;#160;net acres and rights to individual well bores for total proceeds of $1
441
929. During&#13;the year ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2013
 the Company sold approximately 189&amp;#160;net acres for total proceeds of $608
387. The&#13;Company assesses all items classified as unevaluated property on a quarterly basis for possible impairment or reduction in value.&#13;The assessment includes consideration of the following factors
 among others: intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological&#13;and geophysical evaluations; drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the economic viability of development&#13;if proved reserves are assigned. During any period in which these factors indicate an impairment

 estimated future development costs

 discounted at 10% per annum
 of the&#13;estimated future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves plus the cost of unproved properties (adjusted for related income&#13;tax effects). Should capitalized costs exceed this ceiling
 impairment is recognized. The present value of estimated future net&#13;cash flows is computed by applying the arithmetic average first day price of oil and natural gas for the preceding twelve months&#13;to estimated future production of proved oil and gas reserves as of the end of the period
 less estimated future expenditures to&#13;be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves and assuming continuation of existing economic conditions. Such present&#13;value of proved reserves' future net cash flows excludes future cash outflows associated with settling asset retirement obligations.&#13;Should this comparison indicate an excess carrying value
 the excess is charged to earnings as an impairment expense. We recognized&#13;no impairment costs during the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013

 the market for which has very inelastic demand. Due to this
 we do not consider any purchasers to&#13;represent a material concentration to our sales for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 or 2013

 we&#13;depend on our drilling partner operators to perform the drilling and other operating activities required for all sales of oil and&#13;gas. These operators are also responsible for remitting to us our revenue proceeds and billing us for drilling costs and lease&#13;operating expenses incurred. We had material concentrations of accounts receivable owed from four (4) and four (4) operators during&#13;the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013
 respectively
 representing 56% and 60% of total oil and gas revenues&#13;and 36% and 41% of total oil and gas accounts receivable as of December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013
 respectively. As of December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014&#13;and&amp;#160;2013
 we had 7.88 and 4.87&amp;#160;net producing wells
 respectively. As of December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013
 these&#13;operating partners operated 38% and 37% of the net producing wells

 warrants and restricted&#13;stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options


&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%; text-align: justify&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding &amp;#150; basic&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;47
979
990&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;47
979
990&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Plus: Potentially dilutive common shares:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Stock options and warrants&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;1
199
735&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding &amp;#150; diluted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;49
179
725&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;47
979

683
209 and 16
103
209 as of December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014&#13;and&amp;#160;2013

&amp;#160;2010. Under FASB ASC 718-10-30-2
 all share-based payments to employees
 including&#13;grants of employee stock options
 are to be recognized in the income statement based on their fair values. Pro forma disclosure&#13;is no longer an alternative. Amortization of the fair values of stock options issued for services and compensation totaled $578
919&#13;and $643
817 for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013
 respectively. The fair values of stock options were&#13;determined using the Black-Scholes options pricing model and an effective term of 6 to 6.5 years based on the weighted average&#13;of the vesting periods and the stated term of the option grants and the discount rate on 5 to 7 year U.S. Treasury securities at&#13;the grant date and are being amortized over the related implied service term

&amp;#160;2010
&#13;the Company adopted new standards for accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. These standards prescribe a recognition threshold&#13;and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken&#13;in a tax return. These standards also provide guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in&#13;interim periods
 disclosure

&#13;including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions. In evaluating the exposures&#13;connected with these various tax filing positions
 including state and local taxes
 the Company records allowances for probable&#13;exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter
 for which an allowance has been established

&amp;#160;2014. We have evaluated the recently issued accounting&#13;pronouncements that are effective in 2015 and believe that none of them will have a material effect on our financial position

 we are monitoring the joint standard-setting&#13;efforts of the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the International Accounting Standards Board. There are a large number&#13;of pending accounting standards that are being targeted for completion in 2014 and beyond
 including
 but not limited to
 standards&#13;relating to revenue recognition
 accounting for leases
 fair value measurements
 accounting for financial instruments
 disclosure&#13;of loss contingencies and financial statement presentation. Because these pending standards have not yet been finalized
 at this&#13;time we are not able to determine the potential future impact that these standards will have
 if any
 on our financial position


&amp;#160;2013
&#13;the Company acquired oil and natural gas properties from CP Exploration
 LP (&amp;#147;CPX&amp;#148;) for approximately $20.6&amp;#160;million
&#13;net of purchase price adjustments (&amp;#147;the CPX Acquisition&amp;#148;). The properties acquired in the CPX Acquisition are comprised&#13;of leasehold interests in approximately 2

680

517


713


680

&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013 are presented&#13;as though the CPX Acquisition had been completed as of January&amp;#160;1
&amp;#160;2013. The pro forma combined results of operations&#13;for the years ended December&amp;#160;31



511

704



&amp;#160;2014&#13;and&amp;#160;2013

 Bradley Berman. The sublease agreement was cancelled and we entered into a direct lease on April&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2012&#13;to expand and occupy approximately 1
142 square feet of office space. The 2012 lease was amended effective November&amp;#160;15
&amp;#160;2013&#13;to occupy approximately 2
813&amp;#160;square feet of office space. In accordance with this lease
 our lease term is on a month-to-month&#13;basis
 provided that either party may provide 90 day notice to terminate the lease
 with base rents of $2
110 per month
 plus common&#13;area operations and maintenance charges
 and monthly parking fees of $240 per month
 for the period from November&amp;#160;15
&amp;#160;2013&#13;to October&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and subject to increases of $117 per month beginning November&amp;#160;1
&amp;#160;2014 and for each of the&#13;subsequent three year periods. We have paid a total of $69
300 and $34
350 to this entity during the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014&#13;and&amp;#160;2013


&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013. A net well represents our percentage ownership of a&#13;gross well. The following tables do not include wells in which our interest is limited to royalty and overriding royalty interests.&#13;The following tables also do not include wells which were awaiting completion

 2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;December 31

 drilling costs and other associated&#13;capitalized costs. As of December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013
 our principal oil and gas assets included approximately 10
000&#13;and 14
300&amp;#160;net acres
 respectively


&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%&gt;Purchases of oil and gas properties and development costs for cash&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;24
739
407&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;32
025
724&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Purchase of oil and gas properties accrued at year-end&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9
364
796&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;7
953
801&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Purchase of oil and gas properties accrued at the beginning of the year&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(7
953
801&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2
618
145&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Advances to operators applied to development of oil and gas properties&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6
036
748&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
218
237&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Capitalized asset retirement obligations&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;103
778&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;84
501&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Total purchase and development costs
 oil and gas properties&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;32
290
928&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;39
664

 the Company purchased approximately&#13;374&amp;#160;net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota and Montana. In consideration for the assignment of these&#13;mineral leases
 we paid the sellers a total of approximately $3
102

 the Company sold approximately&#13;502&amp;#160;net mineral acres of oil and gas properties and rights to individual well bores in North Dakota for total proceeds of&#13;$1
441

 including the CPX acquisition
&#13;the Company purchased approximately 3
571&amp;#160;net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota and Montana. Additionally
&#13;in conjunction with the purchase of the net mineral acres we acquired 45&amp;#160;gross producing wells (1.23&amp;#160;net wells). In consideration&#13;for the assignment of these mineral leases and producing wells
 we paid the sellers a total of approximately $24
693

 the Company sold approximately&#13;189&amp;#160;net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota for total proceeds of $608

 we traded 950&amp;#160;acres to an operator&#13;in exchange for 160&amp;#160;acres in a different geographic location and a drilling carry for the well costs for our interests in&#13;2&amp;#160;gross (0.12&amp;#160;net) wells valued at $1
200

 we had leases encompassing&#13;4
202 and 543&amp;#160;net acres
 respectively
 expire with carrying costs of $6
198
163 and $833
884
 respectively that have been&#13;transferred to the full cost pool subject to depletion. We estimate that approximately 1
100 net acres with carrying costs of approximately&#13;$1
900
000 will expire prior to the commencement of production activities during 2015. The carrying costs of these leases


 the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation is recorded in the period in which it is incurred and&#13;a corresponding increase in the carrying amount of the related long lived asset. The liability is accreted to its present value&#13;each period
 and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled for&#13;an amount other than the recorded amount


&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 69%; text-indent: -1pt&gt;Beginning asset retirement obligation&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;160
665&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;67
145&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -1pt&gt;Revision in estimate of asset retirement obligation&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(19
848&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -1pt&gt;Liabilities incurred for new wells placed in production&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;103
778&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;70
698&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -1pt&gt;Liabilities assumed in acquisition&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;33
651&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -1pt&gt;Accretion of discount on asset retirement obligations&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt; text-align: right&gt;22
361&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;9
019&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: -1pt&gt;Ending asset retirement obligation&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;286
804&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;160


 as such


 the counterparty&#13;is required to make a payment to the Company if the settlement price for any settlement period is less than the swap price and&#13;the Company is required to make a payment to the counterparty if the settlement price for any period is greater than the swap price.&#13;For a collar contract
 the counterparty is required to make a payment to the Company if the settlement price for any settlement&#13;period is below the floor price


&amp;#160;2014

 2015 &amp;#150; December 31
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;24
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;88.28&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;January 1
 2015 &amp;#150; December 31
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;21
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;89.70&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;January 1
 2015 &amp;#150; December 31
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;12
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;92.38&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;January 1
 2015 &amp;#150; December 31
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;30
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;90.16&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;January 1
 2016 &amp;#150; December 31
 2016&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;60
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;90.36&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;January 1
 2016 &amp;#150; December 31
 2016&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;24
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;88.15&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;January 1
 2017 &amp;#150; December 31
 2017&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;78

 2015 &amp;#150; December 31
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;36
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center&gt;$75.00/$95.60&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center&gt;NYMEX&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;January 1
 2016 &amp;#150; June 30
 2016&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10

&amp;#160;2014
 the Company&#13;had total volume on open commodity swaps of 249

&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 67%&gt;Realized gain on derivatives:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;Crude oil fixed price swaps&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;511
451&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;53
482&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;Crude oil collars&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 22pt&gt;Realized gain on derivatives
 net&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 22pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 22pt; text-align: right&gt;511
451&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 22pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;53
482&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Gain (loss) on the mark-to-market of derivatives:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;Crude oil fixed price swaps&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6
827
126&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(134
293&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;Crude oil collars&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt; text-align: right&gt;966
295&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(79
383&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 22pt&gt;Gain (loss) on the mark-to-market of derivatives
 net&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 22pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 22pt; text-align: right&gt;7
793
421&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 22pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;(213

&amp;#160;&lt;i&gt;Balance Sheet (Topic&#13;210)-Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities&lt;/i&gt;

 the amounts offset under the netting arrangements with counterparties
&#13;and the resulting net amounts presented in the condensed balance sheets for the periods presented

 2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;December 31
 2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Gross&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Net&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Gross&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Net&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Gross&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;amounts&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;amounts of&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Gross&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;amounts&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;amounts of&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;amounts of&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;offset&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;amounts of&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;offset&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;recognized&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;on balance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;on balance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;recognized&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;on balance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;on balance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;sheet&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;sheet&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;sheet&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;sheet&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Commodity derivative assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;7
620
896&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;(41
151&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;7
579

 2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;December 31
 2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Gross&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Net&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Gross&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Net&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Gross&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;amounts&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;amounts of&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Gross&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;amounts&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;amounts of&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;amounts of&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;offset&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;amounts of&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;offset&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;recognized&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;on balance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;on balance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;recognized&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;on balance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;on balance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;sheet&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;sheet&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;sheet&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;sheet&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Commodity derivative liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;(396
573&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;182
897&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;(213

&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%&gt;Derivative assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;3
571
803&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Noncurrent derivative assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;4
007
942&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Net amount of assets on the balance sheet&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;7
579
745&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Derivative liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(139
065&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Noncurrent derivative liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(74
611&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Net amounts of liabilities on the balance sheet&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(213
676&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;Total derivative liabilities
 net&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;7
579
745&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;(213


&amp;#160;2010. Under FASB ASC 820-10-5
 fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset&#13;or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (an exit price).&#13;The standard outlines a valuation framework and creates a fair value hierarchy in order to increase the consistency and comparability&#13;of fair value measurements and the related disclosures. Under GAAP
 certain assets and liabilities must be measured at fair value

 quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that&#13;are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g.
 interest rates
 yield curves
&#13;etc.)


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-indent: 31.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 49%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;94
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Derivative Instruments (crude oil swaps and&#13;    collars)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
579
745&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;94
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
579
745&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-indent: 32.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Revolving&#13;    credit facilities and long term debt
 net of discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;51
834
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;51
834
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;94
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(44
254

 2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;Level 1&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;Level 2&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;Level 3&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 50%; text-indent: 31.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;1
150
347&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;1
150
347&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 32.75pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Derivative Instruments (crude oil swaps and collars)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;213
676&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Revolving credit facilities and long term debt
 net of discounts&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt; text-align: right&gt;30
556
301&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;30
769
977&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;1
150
347&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;(30
769




000

000



 CEO&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;58
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;0.280&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: center&gt;198%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;0.2237&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;12
974&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;64&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;12/22/14&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;James Moe
 CFO&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;40
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.280&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;198%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.2237&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;8
947&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;44&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;12/22/14&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Michael Eisele
 COO&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;40
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.280&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;198%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.2237&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;8
947&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;44&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;12/22/14&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Employee&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;36
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.280&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;198%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.2237&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;8
053&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;40&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;12/22/14&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Employee&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;12
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.280&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;198%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.2237&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
684&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;13&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;12/22/14&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Employee&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;12
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.280&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;198%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.2237&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
684&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;13&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;12/22/14&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Employee&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.280&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;198%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.2237&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;447&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;12/8/14&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Joseph Lahti
 Director&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;100
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.374&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;202%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.2956&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;29
563&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;372&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;12/8/14&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Benjamin Oehler
 Director&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;100
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.374&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;202%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.2956&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;29
563&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;372&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;12/8/14&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Bradley Berman
 Director&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;100
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.374&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;202%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.2956&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;29
563&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;372&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;12/1/14&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Employee&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;100
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.379&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;193%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.2999&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;29
988&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;500&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;02/10/14&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Employee&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;27
500&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.782&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;116%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.6778&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;18
639&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
976&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;01/30/14&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Employee&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;5
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;0.630&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;115%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;0.5471&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;2
735&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;499&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;632
500&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;184
787&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;4


 CEO&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;750
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;0.65&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: center&gt;117%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;0.5675&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;425
595&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;85
120&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;4
431&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;12/12/13&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;James Moe
 CFO&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;200
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.65&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;117%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.5675&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;113
492&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;22
700&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
182&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;12/12/13&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Michael Eisele
 COO&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;250
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.65&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;117%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.5675&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;141
865&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;28
372&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
477&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;12/12/13&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Employee&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;175
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.65&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;117%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.5675&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;99
306&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;19
860&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
034&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;12/12/13&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Employee&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;25
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.65&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;117%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.5675&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;14
187&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
836&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;148&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;12/12/13&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Employee&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.65&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;117%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.5675&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5
675&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
136&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;59&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;12/12/13&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Joseph Lahti
 Director&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;100
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.65&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;117%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.5675&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;56
746&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;11
348&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;591&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;12/12/13&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Benjamin Oehler
 Director&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;100
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.65&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;117%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.5675&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;56
746&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;11
348&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;591&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;12/12/13&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Bradley Berman
 Director&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;100
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.65&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;117%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.5675&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;56
746&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;11
348&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;591&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10/30/13&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Employee&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;20
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.63&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;114%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.5443&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10
886&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
176&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;370&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;08/01/13&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Michael Eisele
 COO&lt;sup&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;165
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.64&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;114%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.5520&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;91
087&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;18
216&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;7
590&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;01/24/13&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Employee&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;12
500&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.56&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;110%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.4725&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5
907&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
180&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
099&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;01/24/13&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Employee&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;70
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.56&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;110%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.4725&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;33
077&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6
616&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6
158&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;01/24/13&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Michael Eisele
 COO&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;165
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.56&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;110%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.4725&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;77
968&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;15
592&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;14
514&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;01/24/13&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;James Moe
 CFO&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;115
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.56&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;110%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;0.4725&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;54
341&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10
868&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10
116&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;01/24/13&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Kenneth DeCubellis
 CEO&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;400
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;0.56&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;110%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;0.4725&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;189
014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;37
804&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;35
189&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;2
657
500&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;1
432
638&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;286
520&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;85

 commencing one year from the date of the grant
 are exercisable for 10 years from the date of the grant and are being amortized over the implied service term
 or vesting period


&amp;#160;2014
 27

&amp;#160;2013
 166

&amp;#160;2014
 a total of 12

&amp;#160;2014
 a total of 24




208
834&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;7.77 years&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;$0.56&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;3
114

&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;December 31

 option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including expected stock price volatility.&#13;Because the Company&amp;#146;s employee stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and&#13;because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&amp;#146;s opinion&#13;the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee stock options. During&#13;the years ended December&amp;#160;31

 December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;4
149
001&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;0.58&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options expired&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(166
667&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
657
500&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.62&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;Options exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6
639
834&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.59&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options expired&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(36
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(0.65&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(27
500&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(0.78&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;632
500&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.36&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;Options exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;7
208
834&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.56&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;Exercisable
 December 31
 2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;3
114

919 and $643
817 from&#13;the amortization of common stock options during the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013



&amp;#160;2013
 in connection&#13;with entering into the Subordinated Credit Facility
 the Company agreed to issue to the lenders cashless warrants to purchase up&#13;to 5
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.65 per share. The warrants expire on August&amp;#160;8
&amp;#160;2018.&#13;The estimated fair value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
 based on a volatility rate of 114%
 risk-free interest rate of&#13;1.38% and a call option value of $0.4947 was $2
473
576 and is being amortized using the effective interest method over the life&#13;of the credit facility
 which matures on June&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2017. Proceeds from the sale were allocated between the debt and equity&#13;based on the relative fair values at the time of issuance. The fair value of $2
473
576 is presented as a debt discount on the&#13;balance sheet and a total of $628
195 and $199
632 was amortized during the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013
&#13;respectively. The remaining unamortized balance of those warrants is $1
645
749 as of December&amp;#160;31

000 warrants with a strike price&#13;of $1.50 per share were voluntarily forfeited on December&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2014. No warrants were cancelled during the years ended&#13;December&amp;#160;31




133
375&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;2.61 years&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;$0.92&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;9
133


 option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including expected stock price volatility.&#13;Because the Company&amp;#146;s warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded warrants and because changes&#13;in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&amp;#146;s opinion the existing models&#13;do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its warrants. During the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014&#13;and&amp;#160;2013

 December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;4
463
375&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;1.26&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants expired&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.65&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;Warrants exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9
463
375&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.94&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants expired&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(330
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(1.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;Warrants exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;9
133
375&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.92&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;Exercisable
 December 31
 2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;9
133


&amp;#160;&lt;i&gt;Income taxes
&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;which provides for an asset and liability approach for income taxes. Under this&#13;approach
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences
 using currently enacted&#13;tax laws


&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 69%&gt;Current taxes&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Deferred tax provision (benefit)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
559
195&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(698
851&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Net income tax provision (benefit)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;2
559
195&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;(698



&amp;#160;2014 decreased by&amp;#160;0.26% from&amp;#160;2.35% as of December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2013
 to&amp;#160;2.09%. This decrease&#13;in the effective tax rate is attributable to changes in the Company&amp;#146;s state apportionment factors in the current year. In&#13;2013
 due to the legal settlement amounts and non-oil &amp;#38; gas revenue the Company received during previous years being sourced&#13;to the state of Minnesota for income tax purposes
 a larger percentage of the Company&amp;#146;s activity was expected to be apportioned&#13;to that state. As compared to North Dakota
 the other state the Company files tax returns in which has a corporate income tax rate&#13;of 4.53%


&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 69%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Federal and state net operating loss carryovers&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10
438
275&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;7
465
973&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Stock compensation&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
558
409&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
118
426&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Derivative liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;79
806&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Reorganization costs&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;49
693&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;50
040&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Asset retirement obligation&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;106
377&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;60
007&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;12
152
754&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;8
774
252&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Ceiling test impairment
 intangible drilling costs and other exploration costs capitalized for financial reporting purposes&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(15
344
769&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(12
229
818&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Derivative assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2
811
366&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;(10
107&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(13
764&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Total deferred liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;(18
166
242&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(12
243
582&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(6
013
488&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(3
469
330&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;(579
552&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(564
515&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;(6
593
040&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;(4
033

&amp;#160;2014
 the Company&#13;has net operating loss carryover of approximately $28
142
712. Under existing Federal law
 the net operating loss may be utilized&#13;to offset taxable income through the year ended December&amp;#160;31

 based on the weight of available evidence
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred&#13;tax asset will not be realized. The Company had recognized a valuation allowance reducing the carrying value of its deferred tax&#13;asset by $564
515 as of December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2013. As of December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 the Company has increased its valuation&#13;allowance by $15
037 to $579




&#13;administrative proceedings and litigation relating to matters arising in the normal course of business. The Company is not currently&#13;a defendant in any material litigation and is not aware of any threatened litigation that could have a material effect on the Company.&#13;Management is not able to estimate the minimum loss to be incurred
 if any
 as a result of the final outcome of the matters arising&#13;in the normal course of business but believes they are not likely to have a material adverse effect upon the Company&amp;#146;s financial&#13;position or results of operations and
 accordingly

 if any

&amp;#160;2014&#13;the Company had committed to AFE&amp;#146;s of approximately $16.5&amp;#160;million beyond amounts previously paid or accrued. Additionally
&#13;the Company acquired a lease for mineral rights from the State of North Dakota on February&amp;#160;14
&amp;#160;2012 for 110&amp;#160;acres&#13;or an 8.7% working interest in the Dahl Federal 2-15H well that spud on January&amp;#160;6
&amp;#160;2012. The acreage we purchased lies&#13;within the riverbed of the Missouri River and there is currently third-party litigation ongoing in the State of North Dakota pertaining&#13;to the state&amp;#146;s ownership claim to similar riparian acreage. We have signed an AFE for the well and the operator has agreed&#13;to retroactively honor the AFE if the state is successful in defending its ownership claim. As a result we have not capitalized&#13;any of the AFE costs or recognized any sales from this well. Our proportion of the well costs
 based on the AFE and our working&#13;interest
 is approximately $800
000. The well started production on May&amp;#160;21
&amp;#160;2012. Had we recognized the revenue and expenses&#13;from this well we would have recorded approximately an additional $230
000
 $451
000 and $468
000 in oil and gas sales for the&#13;years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 and $63
000
 $110
000 and $124
000 of production taxes and&#13;operating expenses for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. In the event the state is not&#13;successful in defending its ownership claim


&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013

&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%&gt;Oil and gas properties
 full cost method:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 9pt&gt;Evaluated costs&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;112
418
105&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;79
361
432&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 9pt&gt;Unevaluated costs
 not subject to amortization or ceiling test&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;591
121&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2
798
795&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;113
009
226&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;82
160
227&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Other property and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;139
004&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;115
482&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;113
148
230&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;82
275
709&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation
 amortization
 depletion and impairments&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;(18
902
524&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(9
513
434&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Total property and equipment
 net&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;94
245
706&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;72
762

 depletion

&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%&gt;Depletion of costs for evaluated oil and gas properties&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;9
359
952&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;3
705
156&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Depreciation and amortization of other property and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;29
138&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;24
001&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Total depreciation
 amortization and depletion&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;9
389
090&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;3
729

    

 services
&#13;geographic areas and major customers. An operating segment is defined as a component of an enterprise that engages in business&#13;activities from which it may earn revenues and expenses

    

 by its nature
 to environmental hazards and clean-up costs. At this time


 all highly liquid investments with&#13;an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are stated at cost plus accrued&#13;interest

&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%&gt;Cash&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;94
682&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;1
112
356&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Money market funds&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;37
991&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;94
682&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;1
150


 at times
 may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit&#13;Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) up to $250
000 and $500
000
 respectively
&#13;under current regulations. The Company had approximately $-0- and $862
356 in excess of FDIC and SIPC insured limits at December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014&#13;and&amp;#160;2013




 which approximates&#13;the effective interest method. The Company paid $254
394 and $865
101 of debt issuance costs during the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014&#13;and&amp;#160;2013
 respectively
 of which the unamortized balance of debt issuance costs at December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013&#13;was $701
019 and $772
883
 respectively. Amortization of debt issuance costs charged to interest expense was $326
258 and $749
920&#13;for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013
 respectively. When a loan is paid in full


 &amp;#147;Accounting for Website Development Costs&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASC 350-50&amp;#148;)


 infrastructure
 graphics)

 training
 admin)
 whereby the related costs are expensed as incurred. Upgrades are usually expensed

660 of website&#13;development costs from inception through December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014. We have recognized depreciation expense on these website&#13;costs of $15
380 and $18
887 for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013

    

&#13;the Financial Accounting Standards Board establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles&#13;and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement reaffirms that fair value is the relevant measurement attribute.&#13;The adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company&amp;#146;s financial statements as reflected herein. The&#13;carrying amounts of cash


 renewals
 and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs&#13;are charged to operations as incurred. Long-lived assets
 other than oil and gas properties
 are evaluated for impairment to determine&#13;if current circumstances and market conditions indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company has not recognized&#13;any impairment losses on non-oil and gas long-lived assets. Depreciation expense was $29
138 and $24
001 for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014&#13;and&amp;#160;2013


 and title has transferred to


 and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled for an amount&#13;other than the recorded amount


 geological&#13;and geophysical expenses
 carrying charges on non-producing properties
 costs of drilling directly related to acquisition
 and&#13;exploration activities. Internal costs that are capitalized are directly attributable to acquisition
 exploration and development&#13;activities and do not include costs related to the production
 general corporate overhead or similar activities. Costs associated&#13;with production and general corporate activities are expensed in the period incurred. Capitalized costs are summarized as follows&#13;for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013

&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 67%&gt;Capitalized Certain Payroll and Other Internal Costs&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;61
861&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;137
509&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Capitalized Interest Costs&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;372
673&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;434
534&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;137

 with no gain or loss recognized
 unless such a sale would significantly alter the relationship&#13;between capitalized costs and the proved reserves attributable to these costs. A significant alteration would typically involve&#13;a sale of 20% or more of the proved reserves related to a single full cost pool. During the year ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014
&#13;the Company sold approximately 502&amp;#160;net acres and rights to individual well bores for total proceeds of $1
441
929. During&#13;the year ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2013
 the Company sold approximately 189&amp;#160;net acres for total proceeds of $608
387. The&#13;Company assesses all items classified as unevaluated property on a quarterly basis for possible impairment or reduction in value.&#13;The assessment includes consideration of the following factors
 among others: intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological&#13;and geophysical evaluations; drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the economic viability of development&#13;if proved reserves are assigned. During any period in which these factors indicate an impairment

 estimated future development costs

 discounted at 10% per annum
 of the&#13;estimated future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves plus the cost of unproved properties (adjusted for related income&#13;tax effects). Should capitalized costs exceed this ceiling
 impairment is recognized. The present value of estimated future net&#13;cash flows is computed by applying the arithmetic average first day price of oil and natural gas for the preceding twelve months&#13;to estimated future production of proved oil and gas reserves as of the end of the period
 less estimated future expenditures to&#13;be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves and assuming continuation of existing economic conditions. Such present&#13;value of proved reserves' future net cash flows excludes future cash outflows associated with settling asset retirement obligations.&#13;Should this comparison indicate an excess carrying value
 the excess is charged to earnings as an impairment expense. We recognized&#13;no impairment costs during the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013


 the market for which has very inelastic demand. Due to this
 we do not consider any&#13;purchasers to represent a material concentration to our sales for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 or 2013

 we depend on our drilling partner operators to perform the drilling and other operating activities required for all&#13;sales of oil and gas. These operators are also responsible for remitting to us our revenue proceeds and billing us for drilling&#13;costs and lease operating expenses incurred. We had material concentrations of accounts receivable owed from four (4) and four&#13;(4) operators during the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013
 respectively
 representing 56% and 60% of total&#13;oil and gas revenues and 36% and 41% of total oil and gas accounts receivable as of December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013
&#13;respectively. As of December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013
 we had 7.88 and 4.87&amp;#160;net producing wells
 respectively. As&#13;of December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013
 these operating partners operated 38% and 37% of the net producing wells


 warrants and restricted&#13;stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options


&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%; text-align: justify&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding &amp;#150; basic&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;47
979
990&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;47
979
990&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Plus: Potentially dilutive common shares:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Stock options and warrants&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;1
199
735&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding &amp;#150; diluted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;49
179
725&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;47
979

683
209 and 16
103
209 as of December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014&#13;and&amp;#160;2013


&amp;#160;2010. Under FASB ASC 718-10-30-2
 all share-based payments&#13;to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 are to be recognized in the income statement based on their fair values.&#13;Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative. Amortization of the fair values of stock options issued for services and compensation&#13;totaled $578
919 and $643
817 for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013
 respectively. The fair values of stock&#13;options were determined using the Black-Scholes options pricing model and an effective term of 6 to 6.5 years based on the weighted&#13;average of the vesting periods and the stated term of the option grants and the discount rate on 5 to 7 year U.S. Treasury securities&#13;at the grant date and are being amortized over the related implied service term


&amp;#160;2010
 the Company adopted new standards for accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. These standards prescribe&#13;a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken&#13;or expected to be taken in a tax return. These standards also provide guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and&#13;penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure

 including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions. In evaluating&#13;the exposures connected with these various tax filing positions
 including state and local taxes
 the Company records allowances&#13;for probable exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter
 for which an allowance has been established


&amp;#160;2014. We have evaluated the recently&#13;issued accounting pronouncements that are effective in 2015 and believe that none of them will have a material effect on our financial&#13;position

 we are monitoring&#13;the joint standard-setting efforts of the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the International Accounting Standards Board.&#13;There are a large number of pending accounting standards that are being targeted for completion in 2014 and beyond
 including
&#13;but not limited to
 standards relating to revenue recognition
 accounting for leases
 fair value measurements
 accounting for financial&#13;instruments
 disclosure of loss contingencies and financial statement presentation. Because these pending standards have not yet&#13;been finalized
 at this time we are not able to determine the potential future impact that these standards will have
 if any
 on&#13;our financial position


&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%&gt;Cash&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;94
682&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;1
112
356&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Money market funds&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;37
991&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;94
682&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;1
150


&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%; text-align: justify&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding &amp;#150; basic&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;47
979
990&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;47
979
990&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Plus: Potentially dilutive common shares:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Stock options and warrants&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;1
199
735&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding &amp;#150; diluted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;49
179
725&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;47
979


&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%&gt;Capitalized Certain Payroll and Other Internal Costs&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;61
861&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;137
509&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Capitalized Interest Costs&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;372
673&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 12.4pt&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;434
534&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;137


680
032&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allocation of Purchase Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Proved Oil and Gas Properties&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;20
517
903&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Unproved Oil and gas Properties&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;195
780&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Total fair value of oil and gas properties&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;20
713
683&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Asset retirement obligations&amp;#160;&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(33
651&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Fair value of net assets acquired&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;20
680


&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;(Unaudited)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 84%; text-align: justify&gt;Boe Produced&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;160
432&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Revenues&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;13
511
159&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Net operating income&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
704
323&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(45


 2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;December 31


&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%&gt;Purchases of oil and gas properties and development costs for cash&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;24
739
407&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;32
025
724&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Purchase of oil and gas properties accrued at year-end&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9
364
796&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;7
953
801&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Purchase of oil and gas properties accrued at the beginning of the year&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(7
953
801&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2
618
145&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Advances to operators applied to development of oil and gas properties&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6
036
748&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
218
237&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Capitalized asset retirement obligations&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;103
778&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;84
501&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Total purchase and development costs
 oil and gas properties&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;32
290
928&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;39
664


&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%; text-indent: -1pt&gt;Beginning asset retirement obligation&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;160
665&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;67
145&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -1pt&gt;Revision in estimate of asset retirement obligation&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(19
848&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -1pt&gt;Liabilities incurred for new wells placed in production&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;103
778&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;70
698&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -1pt&gt;Liabilities assumed in acquisition&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;33
651&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -1pt&gt;Accretion of discount on asset retirement obligations&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt; text-align: right&gt;22
361&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;9
019&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: -1pt&gt;Ending asset retirement obligation&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;286
804&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;160


 2015 &amp;#150; December 31
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;24
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;88.28&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;January 1
 2015 &amp;#150; December 31
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;21
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;89.70&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;January 1
 2015 &amp;#150; December 31
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;12
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;92.38&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;January 1
 2015 &amp;#150; December 31
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;30
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;90.16&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;January 1
 2016 &amp;#150; December 31
 2016&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;60
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;90.36&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;January 1
 2016 &amp;#150; December 31
 2016&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;24
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;88.15&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;January 1
 2017 &amp;#150; December 31
 2017&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;78

 2015 &amp;#150; December 31
 2015&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;36
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center&gt;$75.00/$95.60&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center&gt;NYMEX&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;January 1
 2016 &amp;#150; June 30
 2016&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;10


&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 63%&gt;Realized gain on derivatives:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;Crude oil fixed price swaps&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;511
451&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;53
482&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;Crude oil collars&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 22pt&gt;Realized gain on derivatives
 net&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 22pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 22pt; text-align: right&gt;511
451&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 22pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;53
482&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Gain (loss) on the mark-to-market of derivatives:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;Crude oil fixed price swaps&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6
827
126&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(134
293&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;Crude oil collars&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt; text-align: right&gt;966
295&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(79
383&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 22pt&gt;Gain (loss) on the mark-to-market of derivatives
 net&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 22pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 22pt; text-align: right&gt;7
793
421&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 22pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;(213


 2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;December 31
 2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Gross&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Net&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Gross&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Net&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Gross&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;amounts&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;amounts of&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Gross&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;amounts&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;amounts of&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;amounts of&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;offset&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;amounts of&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;offset&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;recognized&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;on balance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;on balance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;recognized&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;on balance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;on balance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;sheet&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;sheet&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;sheet&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;sheet&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Commodity derivative assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;7
620
896&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;(41
151&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;7
579

 2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;December 31
 2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Gross&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Net&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Gross&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Net&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Gross&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;amounts&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;amounts of&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;Gross&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;amounts&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;amounts of&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;amounts of&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;offset&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;amounts of&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;offset&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;recognized&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;on balance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;on balance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;recognized&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;on balance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;on balance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;sheet&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;sheet&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;sheet&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;sheet&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Commodity derivative liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;(396
573&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;182
897&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;(213


&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%&gt;Derivative assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;3
571
803&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Noncurrent derivative assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;4
007
942&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Net amount of assets on the balance sheet&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;7
579
745&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Derivative liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(139
065&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Noncurrent derivative liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(74
611&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Net amounts of liabilities on the balance sheet&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(213
676&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;Total derivative liabilities
 net&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;7
579
745&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;(213


&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 69%&gt;Senior Revolving Credit Facility
 Cadence Bank
 N.A.&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;22
600
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;13
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Subordinated Credit Agreement
 Chambers&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;30
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;20
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;PIK Interest on Subordinated Credit Agreement
 Chambers&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;1
307
086&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;201
883&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Total credit facilities and long term debts&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;53
907
086&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;33
201
883&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 15.85pt&gt;Less: Unamortized OID&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(426
734&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(371
638&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 15.85pt&gt;Less: Unamortized debt discount attributable to warrants&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;(1
645
749&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(2
273
944&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Total credit facilities and long term debts
 net of discounts&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;51
834
603&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;30
556
301&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 15.85pt&gt;Less: current maturities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Long term portion of credit facilities and long term debts&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;51
834
603&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;30
556


&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 69%&gt;Credit Facilities
 accrued PIK interest&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;1
105
203&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;201
883&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Credit Facilities
 amortization of OID&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;144
904&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;28
362&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Credit Facilities
 interest and commitment fees&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;3
453
349&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
092
372&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Credit Facilities
 amortization of debt issuance costs&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;326
258&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;749
920&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Credit Facilities
 amortization of warrant costs&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;628
195&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;307
822&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Capitalized interest&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;(372
673&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;5
285
236&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;2
380


208
834&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: center&gt;7.77 years&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: center&gt;$0.56&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: center&gt;3
114


&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;December 31


 December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;4
149
001&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;0.58&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options expired&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(166
667&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(1.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;2
657
500&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.62&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;Options exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;6
639
834&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.59&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options expired&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(36
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(0.65&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(27
500&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(0.78&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Options granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;632
500&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.36&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;Options exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;7
208
834&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.56&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;Exercisable
 December 31
 2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;3
114


133
375&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: center&gt;2.61 years&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: center&gt;$0.92&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: center&gt;9
133




 December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;4
463
375&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;1.26&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants expired&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5
000
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.65&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;Warrants exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;9
463
375&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;0.94&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants expired&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants cancelled&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(330
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(1.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Warrants granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;Warrants exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;9
133
375&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;0.92&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;Exercisable
 December 31
 2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;9
133


&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Current taxes&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 69%&gt;Deferred tax provision (benefit)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;2
559
195&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;(698
851&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Net income tax provision (benefit)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;2
559
195&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;(698





&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 69%&gt;Federal and state net operating loss carryovers&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;10
438
275&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;7
465
973&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Stock compensation&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
558
409&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;1
118
426&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Derivative liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;79
806&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Reorganization costs&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;49
693&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;50
040&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Asset retirement obligation&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;106
377&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;60
007&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;12
152
754&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;8
774
252&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Ceiling test impairment
 intangible drilling costs and other exploration costs capitalized for financial reporting purposes&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(15
344
769&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(12
229
818&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Derivative assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2
811
366&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;(10
107&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(13
764&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Total deferred liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;(18
166
242&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(12
243
582&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(6
013
488&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(3
469
330&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;(579
552&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(564
515&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;(6
593
040&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;(4
033

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Oil and gas properties
 full cost method:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 69%; text-indent: 9pt&gt;Evaluated costs&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;112
418
105&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;79
361
432&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 9pt&gt;Unevaluated costs
 not subject to amortization or ceiling test&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;591
121&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;2
798
795&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;113
009
226&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;82
160
227&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Other property and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;139
004&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;115
482&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;113
148
230&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;82
275
709&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation
 amortization
 depletion and impairments&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;(18
902
524&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(9
513
434&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Total property and equipment
 net&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;94
245
706&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;72
762


&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 69%&gt;Depletion of costs for evaluated oil and gas properties&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;9
359
952&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;3
705
156&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Depreciation and amortization of other property and equipment&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;29
138&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;24
001&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;Total depreciation
 amortization and depletion&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;9
389
090&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;3
729

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    












    
    
    
    
    
    
    












    
    


    
    
    
    






    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2015 - December 31


 2016 - June 30


 2015 &#150; December 31


 2015 &#150; December 31


 2015 &#150; December 31


 2015 &#150; December 31


 2016 &#150; December 31


 2016 &#150; December 31


 2017 &#150; December 31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 we traded 950&#160;acres to an operator in exchange for 160&#160;acres in a different geographic location and a drilling carry for the well costs for our interests in 2&#160;gross (0.12&#160;net) wells valued at $1
200

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


&#13;    CEO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;58
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.280&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;198%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.2237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12
974&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/22/14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;James Moe
 CFO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;40
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.280&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;198%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.2237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8
947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/22/14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Michael Eisele
 COO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;40
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.280&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;198%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.2237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8
947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/22/14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;36
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.280&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;198%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.2237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8
053&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/22/14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.280&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;198%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.2237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
684&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/22/14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.280&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;198%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.2237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
684&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/22/14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.280&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;198%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.2237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/8/14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Joseph Lahti
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;202%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.2956&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;29
563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/8/14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Benjamin Oehler
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;202%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.2956&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;29
563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/8/14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Bradley Berman
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;202%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.2956&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;29
563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/1/14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.379&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;193%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.2999&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;29
988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;02/10/14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;27
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.782&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;116%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.6778&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;18
639&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;01/30/14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;115%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.5471&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
735&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;632
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;184
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4


&#13;    CEO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;750
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.5675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;425
595&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;85
120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
431&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;James Moe
 CFO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;200
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.5675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;113
492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;22
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Michael Eisele
 COO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;250
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.5675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;141
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;28
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;175
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.5675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;99
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;19
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;25
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.5675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14
187&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.5675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Joseph Lahti
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.5675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;56
746&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
348&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;591&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Benjamin Oehler
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.5675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;56
746&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
348&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;591&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Bradley Berman
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.5675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;56
746&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
348&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;591&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10/30/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;20
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;114%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.5443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
886&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;08/01/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Michael Eisele
 COO&lt;sup&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;165
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;114%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.5520&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;91
087&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;18
216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
590&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;01/24/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;110%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.4725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5
907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
180&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;01/24/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;70
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;110%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.4725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;33
077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
616&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;01/24/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Michael Eisele
 COO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;165
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;110%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.4725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;77
968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;15
592&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14
514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;01/24/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;James Moe
 CFO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;115
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;110%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;0.4725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;54
341&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
868&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;01/24/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Kenneth&#13;    DeCubellis
 CEO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;400
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;110%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.4725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;189
014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;37
804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;35
189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
657
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
432
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;286
520&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;85

 commencing one year from the date of the grant
&#13;                                         are exercisable for 10 years from the date of the grant and are being amortized over&#13;                                         the implied service term
 or vesting period
 of the options.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;sup&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Mr.&#13;                                         Eisele was promoted to Chief Operating Officer effective August&amp;#160;1


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-indent: 31.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 49%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;94
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Derivative Instruments (crude oil swaps and&#13;    collars)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
579
745&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;94
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
579
745&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-indent: 32.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Revolving&#13;    credit facilities and long term debt
 net of discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;51
834
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;51
834
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;94
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(44
254


&#13;as borrower
 entered into a Credit Agreement dated August&amp;#160;8
&amp;#160;2013 and amendments thereto dated December&amp;#160;13
&amp;#160;2013
&#13;March&amp;#160;24
&amp;#160;2014
 April&amp;#160;21
&amp;#160;2014
 September&amp;#160;11
&amp;#160;2014
 and March&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2015 (as amended
 the&#13;&amp;#147;Senior Credit Agreement&lt;i&gt;&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;) with Cadence Bank
 N.A. (&amp;#147;Cadence&amp;#148;)
 as lender (the &amp;#147;Senior Credit&#13;Facility&amp;#148;). Under the terms of the Senior Credit Agreement
 a senior secured revolving line of credit in the maximum aggregate&#13;principal amount of $50&amp;#160;million is available from time to time (i) for direct investment in oil and gas properties
 (ii)&#13;for general working capital purposes
 including the issuance of letters of credit

 determined by Cadence in a manner&#13;consistent with the normal and customary oil and gas lending practices of Cadence. Availability was initially set at $7&amp;#160;million&#13;and is subject to periodic redeterminations. The availability was $35&amp;#160;million as of December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014
 and subsequently&#13;amended to $34&amp;#160;million on March&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2015. Subject to availability under the borrowing base
 the Company may borrow
&#13;repay and re-borrow funds in amounts of $250
000 or more. At the Company&amp;#146;s election
 the unpaid principal balance of any&#13;borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility may bear interest at either (i) the Base Rate
 as defined in the Senior Credit Facility
&#13;plus the applicable margin
 which varies from 1.00% to 1.50% or (ii) the LIBOR rate
 as defined in the Senior Credit Facility
&#13;plus the applicable margin
 which varies from 3.00% to 3.50%. Interest is payable for Base Rate loans on the last business day&#13;of the month and for LIBOR loans on the last LIBOR business day of each LIBOR interest period. The Company is also required to&#13;pay a quarterly fee of 0.50% on any unused portion of the borrowing base

&amp;#160;2016
 was subsequently amended to January&amp;#160;15
&amp;#160;2017 pursuant&#13;to the amendment on March&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2015. The Company may prepay the entire amount of Base Rate loans at any time
 and may&#13;prepay the entire amount of LIBOR loans upon at least three business days&amp;#146; notice to Cadence. The Senior Credit Facility&#13;is secured by first priority interests in mortgages on substantially all of the Company&amp;#146;s assets

&amp;#160;2014&#13;and&amp;#160;2013

&#13;as borrower
 entered into a Second Lien Credit Agreement dated August&amp;#160;8
&amp;#160;2013 and amendments thereto dated December&amp;#160;13
&amp;#160;2013
&#13;March&amp;#160;24
&amp;#160;2014
 April&amp;#160;21
&amp;#160;2014
 September&amp;#160;11
&amp;#160;2014
 and March&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2015 (as amended
 the&#13;&amp;#147;Subordinated Credit Agreement&amp;#148;) by and among the Company
 as borrower
 Chambers Energy Management
 LP
 as administrative&#13;agent (&amp;#147;Chambers&amp;#148;)
 and the several other lenders named therein (the &amp;#147;Subordinated Credit Facility&amp;#148;).&#13;Under the Subordinated Credit Facility
 term loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $75&amp;#160;million are available from&#13;time to time (i) to repay the Previous Credit Facility
 (ii) for fees and closing costs in connection with both the Senior Credit&#13;Facility and the Subordinated Credit Facility (together
 the &amp;#147;Credit Facilities&amp;#148;)

 which was subsequently amended to the current availability&#13;of $30&amp;#160;million
 with the remaining commitments subject to the approval of Chambers and other customary conditions. The Company&#13;may borrow the available commitments in amounts of $5&amp;#160;million or more and shall not request borrowings of such loans more&#13;than once a month
 provided that the initial draw was at least $15&amp;#160;million. Loans under the Subordinated Credit Facility&#13;shall be funded net of a 2%&amp;#160;OID. The unpaid principal balance of borrowings under the Subordinated Credit Facility bears&#13;interest at the Cash Interest Rate plus the PIK Interest Rate. The Cash Interest Rate is 9.00% per annum plus a rate per annum&#13;equal to the greater of (i) 1.00% and (ii) the offered rate for three-month deposits in U.S. dollars that appears on Reuters Screen&#13;LIBOR 01 as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the second full LIBOR business day preceding the first day of each calendar quarter.&#13;The PIK Interest Rate is equal to 4.00% per annum. Interest is payable on the last day of each month. The Company is also required&#13;to pay an annual nonrefundable administration fee of $50

&amp;#160;2017. Upon at least three business days&amp;#146; written notice
 the Company may prepay&#13;the entire amount under the loans
 together with accrued interest. Each prepayment made prior to the second anniversary of the&#13;funding date
 as defined in the Subordinated Credit Facility
 shall be accompanied by a make-whole amount
 as defined in the Subordinated&#13;Credit Agreement. Prepayments made on or after the second anniversary of the funding date shall be accompanied by an applicable&#13;premium
 as set forth in the Subordinated Credit Agreement. The Subordinated Credit Facility is secured by second priority interests&#13;on substantially all of the Company&amp;#146;s assets

&amp;#160;2013 at which time we drew $14
700
000
 net of&#13;a $300
000 original issue discount
 from the Subordinated Credit Agreement and used $10
226
057 of those proceeds to repay and&#13;terminate the Dougherty revolving credit facility. We have drawn an additional $14
700
000
 net of $300
000 original issue discounts
&#13;through December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014. The Company had borrowings of $30&amp;#160;million and $20&amp;#160;million outstanding under the&#13;Subordinated Credit Facility as of December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013

&amp;#160;2013 (the &amp;#147;Intercreditor Agreement&amp;#148;).&#13;The Intercreditor Agreement provides that any liens on the assets of the Company securing indebtedness under the Subordinated&#13;Credit Facility are subordinate to liens on the assets securing indebtedness under the Senior Credit Facility and sets forth the&#13;respective rights

 as amended
 require customary affirmative and negative covenants for credit facilities of the respective types and&#13;sizes for companies operating in the oil and gas industry
 as well as customary events of default. Furthermore
 the Credit Facilities&#13;contain financial covenants that require the Company to satisfy certain specified financial ratios. The Senior Credit Agreement&#13;requires the Company to maintain (i) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company
 a collateral coverage ratio (reserve&#13;value plus consolidated working capital to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2014
&#13;0.70 to 1.00 for the quarters ending September&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2014 and December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014
 was waived for the quarter&#13;ending March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015
 and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending June&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2015
 and 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter&#13;ending September&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2015
 and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015 and thereafter
 (ii)&#13;a ratio of current assets
 including debt facility available to be drawn
 to current liabilities of a minimum of 1.0 to 1.0
 (iii)&#13;a net debt to EBITDAX
 as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement
 ratio of 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ended March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014
&#13;4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ended June&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2014 and September&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2014
 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ended&#13;December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014
 was waived for the quarter ended March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarters ending&#13;June&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2015 and September&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2015
 and 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015
&#13;and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2016 and thereafter
 in each case calculated on a modified trailing&#13;four quarter basis
 (iv) a maximum senior leverage ratio of not more than 2.5 to 1.0 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter&#13;basis
 and (v) a minimum interest coverage ratio of not less than 3.0 to 1.0. The Subordinated Credit Agreement requires the Company&#13;to maintain (i) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company
 a collateral coverage ratio (reserve value plus consolidated&#13;working capital to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2014
 0.70 to&#13;1.00 for the quarters ending September&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2014 and December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014
 was waived for the quarter ending March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015
&#13;and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending June&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2015
 and 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2015
&#13;and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015 and thereafter
 (ii) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter&#13;of the Company
 a consolidated net leverage ratio (adjusted total indebtedness less the amount of unrestricted cash equivalents&#13;to consolidated EBITDA) of no more than 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014
 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters&#13;ending June&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2014 and September&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2014
 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014
&#13;was waived for the quarter ending March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarters ending June&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2015 and&#13;September&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2015
 and 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter&#13;ending March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2016 and thereafter
 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis
 (iii) as of the last day&#13;of any fiscal quarter of the Company
 a consolidated cash interest coverage ratio (consolidated EBITDA to consolidated cash interest&#13;expense) of no less than 2.5 to 1.0
 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis and (iv) as of the last day of any period&#13;of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company
 a ratio of consolidated current assets to consolidated current liabilities&#13;of at least 1.0 to 1.0. In addition
 each of the Credit Facilities requires that the Company enter into hedging agreements based&#13;on anticipated oil production from currently producing wells as agreed to by the lenders. The Company is in compliance with all&#13;covenants
 as amended
 for the period ending December&amp;#160;31

&#13;Detachable Warrants&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;In connection&#13;with the Subordinated Credit Facility
 the Company agreed to issue to the lenders detachable warrants to purchase up to 5
000
000&#13;shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.65 per share. The warrants expire on August&amp;#160;8
&amp;#160;2018.&#13;Proceeds from the loan were allocated between the debt and equity based on the relative fair values at the time of issuance
 resulting&#13;in a debt discount of $2
473
576 at issuance that is presented as a debt discount on the balance sheet and is being amortized&#13;using the effective interest method over the life of the credit facility
 which matures on June&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2017. A total of&#13;$628
195 and $199
632 was amortized during the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013. The remaining unamortized&#13;balance of the debt discount attributable to the warrants is $1
645
749 as of December&amp;#160;31

&amp;#160;2012
&#13;the Company entered into a Secured Revolving Credit Agreement with Dougherty Funding
 LLC (&amp;#147;Dougherty&amp;#148;) as Lender&#13;which was subsequently amended on September&amp;#160;5
&amp;#160;2012 and December&amp;#160;14

 of which $16.5&amp;#160;million was available prior to&#13;termination of the facility
 with interest payable on the outstanding balance at a rate of 9.25% per year and a maturity date&#13;of August&amp;#160;1
&amp;#160;2015. In connection with the amended financing
 the Company issued Dougherty Funding LLC warrants to purchase&#13;585
000&amp;#160;shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.38&amp;#160;per share. The warrants expire on August&amp;#160;31

&amp;#160;2013

&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Senior Revolving Credit Facility
 Cadence Bank
 N.A.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;22
600
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;13
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Subordinated Credit Agreement
 Chambers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;30
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;20
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;PIK Interest on Subordinated Credit Agreement
&#13;    Chambers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
307
086&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;201
883&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total credit facilities and long term debts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;53
907
086&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;33
201
883&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 15.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less: Unamortized OID&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(426
734&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(371
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 15.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less: Unamortized debt&#13;    discount attributable to warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
645
749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(2
273
944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total credit facilities and long term debts
 net of discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;51
834
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;30
556
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 15.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less: current maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Long term portion of credit facilities and&#13;    long term debts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;51
834
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;30
556

000 of OID pursuant to the Subordinated&#13;Credit Agreement at issuance that is presented as a debt discount on the balance sheet and is being amortized using the effective&#13;interest method over the life of the credit facility
 which matures on June&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2017. A total of $144
904 and $28
362&#13;was amortized during the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013
 respectively. The remaining unamortized balance&#13;of the debt discount attributable to the OID is $426
734 as of December&amp;#160;31

&amp;#160;2014 and&amp;#160;2013

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Credit Facilities
 accrued PIK interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
105
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;201
883&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Credit Facilities
 amortization of OID&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;144
904&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;28
362&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Credit Facilities
 interest and commitment fees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
453
349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
092
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Credit Facilities
 amortization of debt issuance costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;326
258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;749
920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Credit Facilities
 amortization of warrant costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;628
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;307
822&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(372
673&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5
285
236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
380


&amp;#160;2015&#13;through March&amp;#160;26
&amp;#160;2015
 the Company received cumulative advances
 net of repayments

 2015
 we amended the Credit Facility with Cadence Bank
 N.A. to extend the termination date of the Loan Commitment from August&amp;#160;8
&amp;#160;2016&#13;to January&amp;#160;15
&amp;#160;2017
 decrease the borrowing base from $35&amp;#160;million to $34&amp;#160;million and to waive the Net Debt&#13;to EBITDAX Ratio and the Collateral Coverage Ratio covenants for the quarter ending March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015. In addition
 the&#13;Amendment
 for purposes of determining compliance with financial covenants
 changes the Maximum Net Debt to EBITDAX Ratio and&#13;the Minimum Collateral Coverage Ratio. Whereas the Senior Credit Facility initially provided for a Maximum Net Debt to EBITDAX&#13;Ratio of 3.50 to 1.00 as of the end of each quarter commencing with the quarter ending March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015
 the Amendment&#13;revises the Maximum Net Debt to EBITDAX to 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for&#13;the quarter ending March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2016 and thereafter. In addition
 whereas the Senior Credit Facility initially provided&#13;for a Minimum Collateral Coverage Ratio of 0.80 to 1.00 as of the end of each quarter commencing with the quarter ending March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015
&#13;the Amendment revises the Minimum Collateral Coverage Ratio to 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending June&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2015
 and&#13;0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2015
 and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&amp;#160;31

&amp;#160;2015
 to waive the Net Leverage Ratio and the Collateral Coverage Ratio&#13;covenants for the quarter ending March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015. In addition
 the Amendment
 for purposes of determining compliance&#13;with financial covenants
 changes the Maximum Net Leverage Ratio and the Minimum Collateral Coverage Ratio. Whereas the Subordinated&#13;Credit Facility initially provided for a Maximum Net Leverage Ratio of 3.50 to 1.00 as of the end of each quarter commencing with&#13;the quarter ending March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015
 the Amendment revises the Maximum Net Leverage Ratio to 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter&#13;ending December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2016 and thereafter. In addition
&#13;whereas the Subordinated Credit Facility initially provided for a Minimum Collateral Coverage Ratio of 0.80 to 1.00 as of the&#13;end of each quarter commencing with the quarter ending March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015
 the Amendment revises the Minimum Collateral&#13;Coverage Ratio to 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending June&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2015
 and 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2015
&#13;and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&amp;#160;31

 2015
 the Company purchased 9.3571&amp;#160;net leasehold acres in oil and gas properties in North Dakota for approximately $102

 2015
 the Company sold 9&amp;#160;net leasehold acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota for proceeds of $99






















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Measurements



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Cadence Bank



      














      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      



 accumulated depreciation
 amortization







      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 net of discounts of $2
072
483 and $2
645
582



      


      


      


      



 $0.001 par value
 20
000
000 shares authorized




 $0.001 par value
 500
000
000 shares authorized
 47
979



      


      


      


      






































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      









      


      


      

      








      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 depletion



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      

      

      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      





      

      


 amortization





      

      












      


      

      


      

      










      






      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      










      








      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      










      




      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      






      

      

      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      






      


      

      


      









      






      


      


      


      









      








      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      




      




















      






      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      







      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      


 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash





      

      





 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant





      








 Liabilities


      

      

      


 Investments
 Entities that Calculate Net Asset Value Per Share
 Unobservable Input
 Realized and Unrealized Loss


      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      








 Plant





      








 Development
 and Computer Software



 Plant and Equipment


      




      





 Full Cost Method








      


 Fair Value


      





 Fair Value



 Unamortized Discount (Premium)


      


 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Outstanding Options



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options



 Options



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Expirations in Period



 Options
 Forfeitures in Period



 Options
 Exercisable



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Outstanding






 Equity Instruments Other than Options


      


 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals






 Property







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 logo.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!




[I.7E@C(%38T^M=_2KW5
:O

M\;XZ84E9S28_UQ;NTM#5I/6

1N2-A3JTJ43JVF+FAR5I@+F
MU8E7)!&8/2J3P`,'?!^.WZ3_M/-I?WWJ;^5O/1QKML&@+@X$IY/J[MI&T)


[@;%\<<\39

L@
OC
(GSE5DO?&!Q;8W8S.







MS7U



M\(`MR-.V@)P8L
4Y4ZYG5EISIGZH3DO-PJX?MC8\1=4NML.A+;#Y9/ARLL6`



I4SF3
L:8FF1S9:U-;$LF+ZW-:5&[RE6
MR
9*=E9E






MBEN\9

X8@@*`(T6,C$`L`PY
M%G``A#C&





F7)5!


M@P7`LYN.5D)_71[3)TZ')(^[JU3

MJ4%U/P+N2Y6R![$$P8!C;E17A*%UQ]$KK=OW6)26&K1:D2.D6&FX^RI[$L59

2$Y
XX?DR\L)^^...

M4FA3S(71&[G0D




8J








M
(2B@B



MF08Q('R

I=H1PH\`SC#$#17,L/28P-W-\SFMK9?:?





4+P_`)
&B2V/4K@[(G=
MC5*


MM5-QR$SH$=0RKM_.G30RJ.R%MS;]#US!Z3O6Y5D_:.RR`QU%%V^2J&_(\*
M/8%@M3.GE+(Y%EY0#-6N+.`[U[*X)R)L^!J6Z:-ZNO&WL5WK7U-&C=G(96S_

*0J)-Q;<TMB0OO$8:/&
C4N#FO/$

K\B%Z
6JU#LQ+S!2]<!QQQP-)
M^I7^3FW[_,KVF_B.G7*9[0;;=UT0W!HG;ECA3?8KM1TL4RI%75Y4Q]ND)JF




SPIG-F=DRMN7D!/)*.




7/HY\ZO^M%7^;G
M?\




LMX)IUDE3M(7!&(6


MK[[73#3/I
;=7)7+JJ8K(6Q%@JN/B`T2=Q8GRXIC'ZV52)K5@S@:-XC,=D;
MY(V96#O&G=FE$8''BQC.)C.0F=HEUGEVU?1_V^KVOFM6]SJ+1J*W)&F92-2




M






3B[
E
M-

#0^F-J


MN3N]+WLZO1TV+Z=NF%[7'J&9+[4MG7:LIW8$HQL!L_'\/TJD


M
'O5@Q6-P.-PYF9X'

MITK]8=B:/VAUEIF9TA:E%3!QEC(I8KEM2;LDG+=87*86LCTK9[?E=C%99QIY






M&_KEK$8



MWUZ=`ZFI3\+5I_&,WR\C#X1\D/_`%Y[_CI?[^69W'`K


[



D3GD]5O''`XINUC=+J^=WIAJA96GVKEGW-=D:
M89O$+-E$)214J


CFX

9&%.5[-YD';/[S:AUBXHMLHZWK`C;5#NU


$

M5



RJ%^ET:


MRFK&%(I:W0X%:KY




MJ=

::=Y)9EI

M!`(8
&EYSX#
!&
5*AX/)+5$(T835
M@)Z^.!4S:E=/;M-VB7VY_H1M?MGJ,_5[`^W7V0
J@?VD^RWM?[/^O\`;3PZ
M]WLOV\[^G]/Y'?Z\[S/

MY$*49R+.

MD9DWG5L6HBO+8.2
:4W(Q







6

:`(F%)&G#8)VR#2
M9E)K*!D[/26)

M40G(P')8;
+C@5H\CJ'MD6Z:-5!IRX[-PV
/H




M99QP''''`K^.U
=.3J#[][]UO+]6--[DL^OJGUPB58.-@MF(6GC
CDA\TGE@

M

MARM2J:8N=&!F0A(Z$&J%2UT0(L$/@BE)2YQ*&G4ICC.P#C@..85OZX72C*]4




*7JI?*36?ZM.!*EQR*WWFL_P#A2]5+Y2:S


BS@LI1KT




\*']!EN&8`#AA2@+RB&,(%6AQC
M/[=B[@0Z\Z^7K?KI'WB6-M'TY9MON$5CV`Y?Y*AK6%/<S5Q]D\01A]KO)#*8
MW-OB`(.%BDGQ!SCOQGB;DA5X:.5/TH]GW2Y-*K3B$DNP9)J]7\?<F^M9-4E

M:$[JY%MQ!H$F%ZS)65!F2N!YN7S*(5]&W:8SR4QR$Q%A2C7/DIEKVVQR.LR(


AL\-:\#%XQ.),8>7,U$`P?>`L:D!8!BQD(,YSC..16=1!17JOJ*=.*
M-;>EL`M)'6.;!*60BQ,),TF\;O(


$LBTJSIR*KIU;=APBKX4V+`X2


MH7AU&V2.19:DA)#:\'X6.H=C=?=@4*ASHF\:CN5`C\7K%=76+$9X2C\`BP



+XGPB-PW8
M.13X\!QSQ]A2Q3`X)


R5V?V5O/7GD%JW-$0(:@N-WWFL_^%+U4OE)K/\`5IP)4N.16^\U











#C@:

M4%@
)4ICRS`YQG'?D(A8SO1QQP/U'D$J23DRDDI0G4%&$'D'E@-)/)-!DLTD
MXHS`@&%&`$(!A8PB`
`LA%C.
YQS4N*:`Z

ML$C;)#X9$69OCT6BL;;4C-'XZPM*8M&ULS*THB$3:V-Z0HI,B1)2DZ8@L!


M!W-S($

M/2K$YR520/O\!R=06(DXH7AS@7A
+&(`N[.

M;5?#H[`(!$T0FV

M9%GGQ5C4U9TM%\0BI8)%ZYAX79Y?01F'LZ-B8RWF1.!SL_.9;:@+)2EK7EU4


@(R(H+3DP*HV*R(C,D0R-CL]0$!`)C!&2T4^2CD_0#W_
MVP!#`0L+P\-#QT0$!T]*2
I/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#V:BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**CEG



M_P`L@/IQ4;:3;GIO7Z-1H!9CN(I?N2*WT-25F-HR_P`
I'U%(+*]A_U4X(]


M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***1FC)H`6FLZHN



M!J1I&
(JJ/84ZBBD`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4C*&&&`(]Q2T4`5S90YW(IC;U0XIZI*G1PX_P!H8/YBI:*`&@G'*D&B

MKSG?7H82E&46Y(\7
\1.%11@[:'0?\);J?\`STB_[]T?\);J?_/2+_OW6-90


*F)I4W:4M
M3H:*YW_A


M
CS
SJSIPBX.VIJ?\);J?_/2+_OW6YX9UBZU1[@73(1&%V[5QUS7![ZZSP*V


1XT*^*KSM!N_EL3VOB+6KV<0VP21SV$




Z_]^UK\RNA\(6-KJ

M)Q/*HU:]::@IO7S9&/%.J#_EX7_OVO\`A3E\6:FO66-OK&*ZO_A'M+_Y\8?R


:5MTDC%F-;X6CSOFEL<F8XITHJ$'J_R-S_A+=3_YZ1?]^Z/^$MU/_GI%
M_P!^ZQ;2%[R[BMXN7D8*/;WK1\2:4-(OE$0/D2+E?4=1_7\:['3I*2C979Y
M2K8EP=12=EYER+Q??K
AE

C@
I'I7D^^NJ\':SM



M:0M


M9_*T-$SS)

M/
\268]&)_)35KQEIWV'5OM#$5S\WT;N/ZU6\_O?$J?[$3M_(?UKN?$.E#
M5](E@`'FK\\1]&'^/2LZM7V==7VL;4

J.$MUNFSG]]=5X!F_T^[C_`+T0;\C_
M`/7KBO-KI/`ESM\2!

=%48%82FJ$736K9U1I2Q=2-:322[;_
EHK*\0ZT-#T[SPJO

:;G=6)QZN=4I.'/T.Z6(IQJ*F]V=/7E
M&M/C7+[_`*[-_.O5Z\?UV7&OWX_Z;M_.NG`_$SAS57A'U(]]:FCZ^^C077D(
M&FFA6;HN





ML.Y\XDKZGLME9Q6%I';P*%2
8'O[U/5'2=5@UBPCN;=@01\Z]T;N#5ZO!E=-
E_P%<:H8=;R_$]-XG&2T4+?)




M9L-5N=
N!/:2F-QU`Z-[$=ZFI@HOX&:4LSFG:HKH]FHJCHVIKJ^E07BKM
@^
M9?0C@C\ZO5YK33LSVHR4DI+9A1112&%%%%`'F7Q*NLZ[;P@_ZN#)_$G_``KC





MLD`_2O1GB*4HM7/(I8.M&:ER[







MD82;DR\?1G5BE%7.'\[WKN_A@^Z;4?\`=3^M4?\`A5NI_P#/_:?DW^%=-X-\
M*77AN2[:ZN(91

I+0ZJN8\4^$(M:1



MU(L3'F5MQ]!P!^%-76HFDU9GE'B#PI?Z([2HK7-G_#

M^5B:GX-T75&+S6:QRGK)=A_3@_B*]ECM+31Y5;++N]-_(\HT_6+O2[CSK*


MZ
JL$HJYPWG5W/PP??=ZA_N)_


I+0ZNBBBO*/;BBB@*YN8K2VDN)

O+'9X

M
$I)2I+4\Z\VO2OA]XB^W69TVX?
]N
QDGED_P#K?RK_P%6ZG_`
_]I^3?

MI\


/F%T


M9!]93_A5F'X7ZJ^/.O+2

MTB:69S@*H_S@5WEE\+K.
AKZ^FG]5C4(/ZFNLTW1K#1XO+L+:.$'J0
LWU/4




M::0'0T51_LJ#^]+_`-]4U]
]:WZ;0!1112`**Q]68BZ7!(^3L?<U?T\DV




M156328'^Z60^QR*O44`9#Z1*G
4BG]#49BOX.GFX_P!ELUMT4[BL87V^[CX9


M@-G[;;_\]D_.C[9;_P#/9/SK%^QW'_/%_P`J/LEQ_P`\7_[YHL!M?;;?_GLG

M7#=9F_#BF!9YSP)7_

M%:=%%QV*T5A;Q=(P3ZMS5@``8`P*6BD`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7.1OY=TKD$A7S@?6NCKGK?_C^C_ZZ

RK339/-$EQQ@YV]23[UIM]P
M_2G4UON'Z4@
&R_X_8O]ZN@KGK5@EW&S$`!N2:VOMEO_`

7_DMM3
0$5RK9'&['/XBGN(U:*@2
M]MWZ3)^)Q3OM
(_Y:Q_]]D,EHJ%+J!Y`B2JS'H`:FH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB

#
M`P8$!`

#`P8#`P8


M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#]_**_/_\`
MX./O^AGQ+_X)I_L*:)X^^%E[I-AXAO?&%IHTTFH6WL;6TEM=R
`C'`;=$G

M-NM(O%

F;=8G'X-7[D?\$?^SOBK_`(+_#/QGJ?B3X9VW@R;P/<6UG-J


7X

M
NG^(8+2

M^RE%?C9_P2L_X*]?M`?M1?M-^/O#
OC+1OB[\/?GP[E\0:IXE_X05_L_AC
M6C7BLC[YF&Y67)7#@%AMD'[#_`.`W[:?C[_@H!_P34\+_$SXE7MCJ'BO



M'[$V$&J6ERBMMD@R0KJ)(B-N/O.#G:&(!^A%%8'Q5UG7/#OPO\1W_AC3(-:\
M2V.EW-QI.GSR^5'?W:1,T,+/QM5Y`JDYX!K\=O\`@F-_P6,_:^)/[=W@+X=



M\1+H,+LOAF2PNK^8LA^65XXDM1O;D[V/T`/W6HK\-=._P#@#XV?M!_`+]J

$Z



M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`45X_\`
MM]^$/'?C[]CGQ_H_PTGNX/&M]IOEZ?\`9+P65U
/


K0!^E-%?OQ6\-?%;XP?L_`_

R(W7)
M0^-:'^S=\18OVR_AWKU_\._BMI?@RP\*^'[;2+'59I?%DFAW
6IZE)(EU=)J



7@
MO2H_%^BV%YIIU&WT^8Z;%H8&I3S1H7S&VI1+A@VYM[E1L;-`'WW17YAZWX2_




+



M+G7]1G_!YS_RBJ\
_P#91-/_`/2*_K^7:W`:X3(R-PR/6@#]
O\`@UP_X*=_
M\

^
)UN_$NIV-A:7








MV_RU9I(Y!L.\Y&
]








N'3^(YB8@'@5YK_P`$BO\`
M@N[\0O\`@H-\?-/\-:YI?P3N]


ZS^QI\-_@E#XQ^+&E:!\+/$MSXKT/5;#5K




MOQ&T;]F3P[^SM\.M)\2?$W]IO2)M=T^U\5Z@]MIGAVV@5_/%P\6'E97BG&4(

MW?QZ\+V/A7Q1:W]U#]F








M-`\;QZ?IMY=22!W
D

MN/B!;Z
VC?8GGA.DRJUM):&9HC%YAE\B1DSYF
8^7BOB?4?^#C#XDV?_``2^
M^
?QV'P_\$MK_P`-OBG_`

LIU7PGJFG1737-EL![5,D%
MERZ2!AC(%`'IOPA_X-Z?@=\$?V(/BQ\!-U+QW'X1^,6H17^LWDM_;MJ-OY3
MQ/%%!)Y`18U,0P'1C\[Y//&K^SG_`,$2M_9TTZ^TF+X^?M+^+OMYX7O/


M^(]'M/&/@;P%I'@:PTK49(_$5HTS^)%O)94?8XE1HHU\H1(8TD8S



M=:FPEV0.D+D-(?-0*A`/S*`.16UXA\&^?$%U87MZFC,OAR&XTU`946*XC
M2VLB9V&-PB$QL







M:VU+3=(F:R%[Y'G0RDS?NF3$D2




55=HR3C)).CJOP\*:W
MX

VO\`2OM45K`FIV5PS+'=B5IQ%!%D+N^T/$RF
M:$%<R**]/\;?`#PE\1?$$NK:OI$=UJ<B62Z\UTEB^QSR3VYC96!0K)-(<K@


MIR/2OCP?\&D7[&`/_(I^
_\`PJKK_&@#?_X+D_\`!+2/_@IQ_P`$O].M]#L4


M=^TC\;O$_CW6-%\8Z;J_B[4)=4O[?2=;^RV8N)3ND:.+RSLW.68@'&6.
#B@


MP!9%8
`S8ZUQ/Q._X
_OV0/'NIR7.E6WQ'\&K(Q;[/I'B+S84SV`NHIFQ_P*


MK%SX3\0?$.^LV#PKXMU7[7:JPY!:WB2**3Z2*P]JN_M(?\&OW[+_`.U3\;O$


MM/#ESKVDWUWI%_J^G:'%9)%KNL.BL+DW4LA9E.Q#':I&.$RWOWAG_@T@_9)\


2:XP@M]4NS;M

M-9[=RJSPDGE1R%.?EK%_8B_X(]_#_@G[XBT34_A]_PEBSZ!I^IZ=;+J6KF

7R
!Y?GVOAF5

M@A#0ZK#JIE\PRQ'?M5D/$K@MC%9?[
G_``0
UWP-^U_X)^+WQ9^-S_$O6_AG
++J5)1+';7FN&5IYH5<
M=O(Z!
+MT/CW_P;Z^*_$'Q/^


S2C:0PVXGQ!_X()Z_


M_*C@9;H`%4?HY10!^=OQQ_X-[/#?[5G[6J?$?XE?%'QM?:/I'@BS\$Z#H7AZ



M(TJO8
IN%D^5'1R
H&`(W9'W!10!^:GP'_X(:^
/@=\:/%_QO\5?&63QG\6X



MV6B@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`^6/VBO^9^G_M4?MFCQ[XNUO4O^$)3


MVLND/Y2DVZ&!5&G.




L:S&)5$@+2
M




MGU/69M=TORKM?#1MK5;2&:WBU*$MC`\YKF'RY#RJ?:&'^I)'5Z=^T)\=KB_\
X6UOYKW1X'V1A2?)A6.5M_ERF)7D<3<`$G[

M;P$C94MU=DC:023R-)N7`6OM2OD3]D/]HOXI_$7XO^&K;Q?%X@2RUW0(+ZXT
M^;PVVG?V2[6%O
6N1)I5FG:50R3N-Q,30H8R]?7=`'B7[1'ACQUXZ^,_P`/
MX=*\,6=WX7\*ZLGB6;5?[52*4RQ6=_;/R&&=SM-;['!*X
F[;L7?SG[5_P1

M51

M^P2PH9
T%[`74X,C$JG(JS
M\5_^@-W/\/_`(?:[X!@TRYLO'?B35=%@O9]-OM;1X+)+TK/%!8*9G$QM`0<

QS&
M:;((CNF2X;#Q2B-]NP/0Z=^RU\5K#Q;KTEYI5_K'ARZU)+W5;3Q.5NO$D


MNVEWL5FX2=HUCG$C2AAY9)4##`&O:*`BBB@#YE_X*__`!&\9_!/]@+QEX_\
M:Q?Z-KGP\FL/$TS6H!-W86E[#+?6[@@Y1[03@_SK\XOA_\`\%+OCI\5OV@-
M!\
CQKKEGI'[6'CW2?$/PNEA@59=!\*VFM7\6I6X)3K)I]G;2G/:Z]2:_93X


30N



M@V$FC^


MM)T^:40Y7^*261CNSRQKT'X!_%#QU\!_VT?B-\'%^+OBGXN^%8_AOC^#4O$
M$EG=:IX5U,W,ML+=KBVBC5HYD7S4212RF)B5-?6X^`'PD^
O@[QA*GAGP7X

MP+X_^(^M?&S5[+Q)X0&H&_U[QUH-_H&IW$GEX:'3;:%;V`XW
GFM\@4ALDBO
M3_\`@N)\9/''PNT;X!:7X*UGXF:7_P`)M\2(]%U:W\`/:)X@U2T.FWTQ@MFN
MQY(;?$C?.0

MDS'YI/+E=08\G;(?6@#\X_V@OBU^T]\?^.]M?^



C!E:-T+\

*^E


\8^';#58]0U*\M7.B3?VDENRV(6!



MQ


[EL889.:`/C3]FCQY\:_CQ_P`%$_BF]UKWQMU+P1X+^
UYH$
N





M/!Y*VY




(K?=)&`W0YH`_./Q_^W/^T/\`$;_@DQ\.=;\`^.+2]^*UQ\<!
M\/=%\4F*R\<VMOJ5Y:VT\RJIC\JZ$,0D,8DAB
`XK6^!?_!3?X@_M9?LH

8DD5E$C*


M3:9=R0W5KJ^G@0WL
-9=:T+
MQ?\``*Z\5Z_:PSQ2QZA?A]*6.\EVC(;,TX!&%)9ACBOH#]GCX<_LV_LK_#_5
M;'X:6GPD\&^'-6NA'J8TB:RA@O9S&=J3.&^=O+#85B<+G`QFD_9T_9X_9N_9
M5\72W7PP\-_CP5KGCF)&#Z(EI;7.KPERR+%L.YXM^XA4^3(X&10!YS_`
$E






%C?B-X)O\`X]_&
FZ@#VVBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBJ4WB33K;78=+DO[)-3N(S-%:
M-.HGE0=65



M\5^
WERRDY\VX8YP`*[GX__P#!.7PK
M^TQ!\&F\4:KJ?VOX/:C;7T3V1VL.NQ1)GL[F(`K]EDFMK65HUP-UN@Z4`3
M?!?_`(*4?#OXX_'B3X=Z?:^





MRLFU1+HK)$,2NUW&AAW$+L=O,;(6@]J^@_!CXB^)K_`
W?_!ZIKEA]IO
\C*XLIX'6TN00/.FAF*3A

;SK<D`=8Y<NOHW(KYU\2?LK_%#QU\.=5\-ZCIGA

M=J?B#2[C1M37Q%J6J:/%-/

%+NQNQ9VT-NT,UF[NLD<*.=(3M^4D_HU\;?VAO`_[-WABWUKQ[XIT


M^=/B%_P3N^*K?MA6_B/1_#7PYUBUU#Q]H/C!O&FKO!/J6BZ;96MG;SZ0L4EN


MJ:+_`



M^8_`?_!*KXC?#S3;'2(U\-W_`/8WBWQMJ\FL+-%9+K
^+O#T'AWP):^&](U;



MPZNO&WB*_P!4T*S\


M*WRO\P?YL[O_``]=_9M_Z+7\//\`P;Q_XT?\/7?V;?\`HM?P\_\`!O'_`(T`



M^BWVE2KX9LM
6=[+RP[2_:;0OE9.C@]J\-\-?\$I/B=XC^%7BC2+?P9\-/A%









:QO-IZW\!C1`I
M!B/#`
+_`



M:B?&GQR\?ZKJ5O\`\)AXLO?&X\)Z=:QVL%IY.M0F*-[RY2`74Q*A?W4DC1Q$








(@DX

81NI'?:?^P+\0M$_X*P6WQ7TWPUX2




L_LV?\`1</A

M#_XJC_AZS^S9_P!%P^&G_@]@_P#BJ`/H&BOG[_AZS^S9_P!%P^&G_@]@_P#B



MH=-C6W5[$^8!=02Q)#*D/D$QMYJER`TH/H/_``]9_9L_Z+C\
O\`P?0?_%4?
M\/6?V;/^BX_#+_P?0?\`Q5`$WC[2_'_A?]JJS\;Z'X$D\2Z;J/@Z/1;B--:M


M_P`51_P]9_9L_PBX_#+_P`'T'_Q5`'C_BG]E;XIWWP]O=,_L#4;WQ0U[;3:
MEXD'BTLNO6:ZK:WVJ6C2*A





51_P`/5_V:_P#HN?PP_P#@M__`(J@#Z`HKY__
M`.'J_PS7_T7/X8?^%!;_P#Q5'_#U?\`9K_Z+G\


MZO\`LU_]%S^&'_A06_\`\51_P]7_`&:_^BY_##_PH+?_`.*H`^@**\C^%'[?

M#9(EF7#*K#T(S3/L

7_?`H^PP_\\8O^^!4M%`$
M7V&'_GC%_P!\C[##_SQB_[X%2T4`1?88?\`GC%_WP*/L,/_`#QB_P^!4M%
M`$7V&'_GC%_WP*/L

7_?`H^PP_\\8O^^!4M%`$
M7V&$_P#+&+_O@4GV#_GC%_WP*FHH`A^P0?\\8O^^!1]@@_YXQ?]\IJ*`(?
ML$'_`#QB_P^!1]@@_YXQ?\`?`J:B@'[!!_SQB_[X%'V#_`)XQ?]\IJ*`

7_?`J:B@'[!!_SQB_[X%'V#_GC%_WP*FHH`A_L
M^`_\L(O^^!1_9]O_`
\(?^^!4U%`$/\`9]O_`
\(?^^!1_9]O_SPA_[X%344
M`0_V?;_\\(?^^!1_9]O_`
\(?^^!4U%`$/\`9]O_`
\(?^^!1_9]O_SPA_[X
M%344`0_V?;_\\(?^^!1_9]O_`
\(?^^!4U%`$/\`9]O_`
\(?^^!1_9]O_SP
MA_[X%344`0_V=;_\\(?^^!2?V;;_`//'_O@5/10!!_9MO\`\\(?^^!1_9MO
M_P`\(?\`O@5/10!!_9MO_P`\(?\`O@4?V;;_`//'_O@5/10!!_9MO\`\\(?
M^^!1_9MO_P`\(?\`O@5/10!!_9MO_P`\(?\`O@4?V;;_`//'_O@5/10!!_9
MMO\`\\(?^^!1_9MO_P`\(?\`O@5/10!!_9MO_P`^\/\`W[%']F6W_/O!_P!^
MQ4]%`$']F6W_`#[P?]^Q1_9EM_S[P?\`?L5/10!!_9EM_P`^\'_?L4?V9;?\
M^\'_`'[%3T4`0?V9;?\`/O!_W[%']F6W_/O!_P!^Q4]%`$']F6W_`#[P?]^Q
M1_9EM_S[P?\`?L5/10!!_9EM_P`^\'_?L4?V9;?\^\'_`'[%3T4`0?V7;?\`
M/O!_W[%)_95M_P`^T'_?L58HH`K_`-E6W_/M!_W[%']E6W_/M!_W[%6**`*_
M]E6W_/M!_P!^Q1_95M_S[0?]^Q5BB@O_95M_P`^T'_?L4?V5;?\^T'_`'[%
M6**`*_\`95M_S[0?]^Q1_95M_P`^T'_?L58HH`K_`-E6W_/M!_W[%']E6W_/
MM!_W[%6**`*_]E6O_/M!_P!^Q1_9-K_S[6__`'['^%6**`*_]DVO_/M;_P#?
ML?X4?V3:_P#/M;_]^Q_A5BB@O\`V3:_\^UO_P!^Q_A1_9-K_P`^UO\`]^Q_
MA5BB@O_`&3:_P#/M;_]^Q_A1_9-K_S[6_\`W['^%6**`*_]DVO_`#[6_P#W
M['^%']DVO_/M;_\`?L?X58HH`K_V3:_\^UO_`-^Q_A1_9-K_`
^UO_W['^%6

#
M`P8$!`

#`P8#`P8


M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#]_****`(K


J0QW)A
M47#&

$M0L9/$5C9
M7BRWNJV4

6-DLMN[A6S@
H+5D_&K_`(**6WPF_:\A^&EO




MD_X:G^.?_1KGB3_PN=_^/T?\-3_`!S_`.C7/$G_`(7.A?\`Q^N*_9S_`.E


Y(SB8
MJG&=I&10`[_AJ?XY_P#1KGB3_P`+G0O_`(_1_P`-3_'/_HUSQ)_X7.A?_'ZJ



M7Q7Y\#)MU:UN+*2\C\G)X)CC_BP



*`+7_#4_QS_Z



4!BB=0H7S9)'?`2.)FYF@#$_X:
MG^.?_1KGB3_PN=_^/T?\-3_`!S_`.C7/$G_`(7.A?\`Q^L3PW^VSX_\6?%K

:5A`\DFSR\#Y





MX7[^SL?&W@?0Y]4OKW2VO]*TV[F^RQ7SMO\`)3[5M



+G0O\`

D

M?/'L
RQL
M[6[6Q6*ZMH[B._N4NLPI(FV2.!Y5W@A!Z-\?_P!O]O#_`,*?.N?#?3[+Q7=




*)V4!Y
MXB).-P!`-W_AJ?XY_P#1KGB3_P`+G0O_`(_1_P`-3_'/_HUSQ)_X7.A?_'ZS








M:M\-?AOK=U\
Q83^


+G0O\`X_7T910!\Y_\-3_'


M\?H_X:G^.?\`T:YXD_\`YT+_P/UU?QY_;K^'/[-GC?_A'O%6HZM;ZC%ID6

L



MM?^DWPADUG6K:Y\0WNEVNA/JT
^IZAI%W::=--I3NNHPPW#QB.:2#RW+*A

MFZK_`







_9YU#5G\/3ZM
M=2RVD&D(NH:F]Y_8VGP^9);Z?;AO]5!'Y[E5Y.&&20JX^+/@U^RSX\\+OX6T


7,,MO(`[;OW(@F:%(L;4C2-5`"IO$'[GPZU\Z??








5U!'8RD[HMD\$#
M[FW.Q@C#

T8T2^
MB#2VQU8R78%TT67CF159D8HV


;N&4
M!E=6P[P*M

K

-SYI\M4@6[G9(BJ


MI^
-+\.^)=)?1[[1]/UMDTVZLG2X1(A'@[4CCN76/80%58P.%%6;[]ACX9Z_



M\076JO'IGB4/;W/V6.T=IO++/

M&^_89\-W]WXK0^)/'T.B^-;F[N]6T2'77BT^=KIMUP%50'02?







+^#OV5/A#X.
M7XD2VOQ'UN?1_B*-03Q%8S^,$DL1)?C9*ZC.8G`1Q?-^[151``H`]%_8GTO
T?%7]FSX;?'F3PY9WFN7L%E+I<FD1:5I/B!K:T\1:8I1I+2


MQG3Q;J&D8.KW.OV

+Y<IYP0,@U\N^#_A3\0_!/[&WACPYX]\!
MZ?XK\,Z3I]E]ETG3[<:GK_A^X\PF&62VF8VUTMD&CQ$F\GRA@/MY\G^G[+'





MVM_'/I5E)9)*LZEWM@]XXW3K+*@E(-']0:!\(OB]KG[)/P3T?0/%VG?CQ5


M:-O





I5E##G?VM?V:=._:3^+WPJT_5O!

MOQ&_:!U:X^'.M^
O#WC+4?#FJB%7&I37]Q%O\ZZCAN))A:MY3BWX4KJ(AX
M4@'H=Q_P3L^`-P+;6X/A_P#K&W\

SRIAF8Q0*!
M6W!6?#?.:M:/^SQ\
=$^$MQH5_XEN=;LO'.K6FM3ZOJWB`3WVO75L]LUNPN






M9^\:\U_:`_9N^+?B/_@GA\1_!'BCQA#\5O&OB#4Y)=-N[?P];6*P6
FHQ20V




F3R;420
M939M?TG]JG]F;3?VB_V@?A7!JW@K1-6T'1[J?7=9UFZTZ6=39&-[P$K`R*


M?AW5$6

(4J`E`'U&/@Y
M\

M[)?%XVW?O$

M!]G:AKMEI

YD;)X7@\GC@U4NO'NAV


OQ:\1^-?#FEZXGB+1]
B_LO?$319_


4BLBX17



:!!A5`4*`!7NU`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'B'[0W[$FF_MZQX^O+O7]2TQO'O@9/`TZP0QN+
M2%;BXF^T)NZOFX88/RX45YC\1O\`@E`GQ^)_C?Q

.;_`,2?
M#G0-<T:]$%Q]JL9+O5++2VDOY)KD[`6\2=GW6^71T+!6#KV=_\`MY?&CXCF


MSX9:-_9GB-QX_P!*738=/BLM3T^WA

TQ



JV&EZ??\`CC06)F']



M*E\'^$?!YE^SQ;A%X?O9KN&;&

MK

M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44

'BNTHH`P+CX5^&+O2OL

MDG`S'C;P.*A\

N%4

?+5`N7C)1N/F4X.

#
M`P8$!`

#`P8#`P8


M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#]_**_&K_@


M
_X*J_&O]E;]I+P9\0H/B'XXU_\`X1;4XKR?2]2U^ZN+34X



MTNHXIKZ#=&7C8





;W-O;LL:JIF$



MY\



M_P`%X_VJ_`]Y^VWKG@I?B/XA\`^+?'5KX7.D68OEO\`P\JQV-S:ZSI;)EC`
M7$]K.D.`1+&W.PX`/WSHK\#_`-NGP_XTU'_@N[\0;O7_`!'\2-`\6%YX4GT


MVNM:O)S`DNZVL;NQDD%K'I=SYH1;I8SM`DR0$6OL/_@DI^WN/@!JWQZ\`?$[



)-&U=6ZRVEV@:%YCRES&%P4P`#]RZ*_G\_P*R?%FR_:
M6_9ZN-#B_:-'BB&\\3GXUGQ4NK?\(TVD9E.F8%Y^Z
^!'L$/S;L9_BK]G?A/



/9G50FBR$D!('3[&?(?`.^





M\%






\'ZGJD]SHVA27K7K:3:LY

61FYMK1

UM`[/%$7)2-FV[BJ]`3M7)'7:/2O5OV2



C2@B

_B[=ZCJGQP\*0^`_!FBPWD%V=&TM)YY



M&_B':W'PW\`3/;Z_JMQ875J=/D5(WVF&2-96W6/;M0[RPY/%;'[?O[/'Q$


MC;]PT2&/H`*'AG_@A!\9)_V++SPIJ_Q6\




_%WBO2]:TB'0



N:$VDZQ\+;3P-+I-L)C<1




M?MT:K\29[GX):SI.K^
M:\1G5B=='B.PM]0$P$$


Z9XW@.M_&7P\WBCP=;7

2R%XP%DPCD1.0Y'\5'H'@/XG_M-_\$R;KPQ\2H]'\/?%?Q]X



!=:M_$/A+Q/:B\TW4(%9%N(R2OW7`92&!
M4JP!!!!`(K\Y/A__`,$4?C?^S1\)_P!FC6OAEX^^&DOQC^`6B:_X<G;Q#97<
MF@:K;:K/-*9D\L9)H?-!'R[7/!P!@_9WP9^&O[0/@.W^#VG^)?'_@3Q79:/




MX

M^SYXYMO$/B[7/%GQ5NK!O
MM/UE8+?2?
'W6EMXEW3`'!V/)L.

I!Q7ZST4

`?+&
MM?0%%`'YF?\`!1/_`(-=?@W_`


5!@;URNT'%?<%%`'S[^PQ^P=)^Q/I$EHWQ1^(OQ'
M1],BTY7\4WD=RR%+R\NC,J+^\;[8(R?[EO$.QS-\3?V7/BQXS\?:IJFB?M)

;?&W_H[7XB_^$AX;

 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvedOilAndGasPropertySuccessfulEffortMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnprovedOilAndGasPropertySuccessfulEffortMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasPropertySuccessfulEffortMethodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_UnamortizedDebtDiscountAttributableToWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_LongTermLineOfCreditNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermLineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=BROG_SeniorRevolvingCreditFacilityCadenceBankMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=BROG_SubordinatedCreditAgreementChambersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=BROG_PIKInterestSubordinatedCreditAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=BROG_CrudeOilSwapsOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OutstandingDerivativeContractsSettlementPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasDeliveryCommitmentsAndContractsRemainingContractualVolume'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeSwapTypeFixedPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=BROG_CrudeOilSwapsTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OutstandingDerivativeContractsSettlementPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasDeliveryCommitmentsAndContractsRemainingContractualVolume'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeSwapTypeFixedPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=BROG_CrudeOilSwapsThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OutstandingDerivativeContractsSettlementPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasDeliveryCommitmentsAndContractsRemainingContractualVolume'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeSwapTypeFixedPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=BROG_CrudeOilSwapsFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OutstandingDerivativeContractsSettlementPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasDeliveryCommitmentsAndContractsRemainingContractualVolume'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeSwapTypeFixedPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=BROG_CrudeOilSwapsFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OutstandingDerivativeContractsSettlementPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasDeliveryCommitmentsAndContractsRemainingContractualVolume'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeSwapTypeFixedPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=BROG_CrudeOilSwapsSixMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OutstandingDerivativeContractsSettlementPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasDeliveryCommitmentsAndContractsRemainingContractualVolume'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeSwapTypeFixedPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=BROG_CrudeOilSwapsSevenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OutstandingDerivativeContractsSettlementPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasDeliveryCommitmentsAndContractsRemainingContractualVolume'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeSwapTypeFixedPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=BROG_CrudeOilCostlessCollarsOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OutstandingDerivativeContractsSettlementPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasDeliveryCommitmentsAndContractsRemainingContractualVolume'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OutstandingDerivativeContractsFloorceilingBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=BROG_CrudeOilCostlessCollarsOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeSwapTypeFixedPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=BROG_CrudeOilCostlessCollarsOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeSwapTypeFixedPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=BROG_CrudeOilCostlessCollarsTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OutstandingDerivativeContractsSettlementPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasDeliveryCommitmentsAndContractsRemainingContractualVolume'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OutstandingDerivativeContractsFloorceilingBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=BROG_CrudeOilCostlessCollarsTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeSwapTypeFixedPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=BROG_CrudeOilCostlessCollarsTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeSwapTypeFixedPrice'

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#


ML)JCN)JCP)JCR

M%BBR%BBR%BBR%BBR%BBR%BBR%BBR%BBRA19!8JL`D56@2*K0)%5H,@J4&05
M*+(*%%D%BJP215:)(JM$D56BRI19)4HLDH4626*K!)%5HDBJT*15:'(JE!D



M!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````
DL].PS`
QN](O$/D^^IN2`BAI;M
M2+LA5![`).X?M8VC)$#W]H0#@DICV]'VY\\_6][NYFE4'QQB+T[#NBA!L3-B













M82$B'-N5'73E:E'?:?RA^=#Y?9\%^=H+SD-0





S@KH

-

GI7Q


MS=[+@T[GV7/]4TKMZ\YR*8#GYJL'/2]7]/U@

M-'][:;.\;48$54J$::G+5W&5;K*O
RIAG?4K6IEM]?+/FO[)K^9V'3BJG(ZO

M)A=B


1TRK



M
VZ




4(^=MLB3@9
MWVMMKH

9TAS;J.5`D[./L(-!F_O*))
M91Q&`^29C`]UWD8T76M@40'3$9;97^

M


M^+#.N5JH/#=*CAP'G./#.GR##Q!D





NO@:W-PVG/#

M8Z[

MRR!R/0)RZYFWW5
A3-I6_MIV=?D/BH@TA4:H-.(!O;Q/ES0.2!#^MQ4'B7H'
M'[
NVZZ;^MVJH$UVW,F:ILP/+%




!:






UU0O7^5X1XZ(1G





M/W)C29Q\J[1H_J(HV%NAR7AO$@+]?G[LCB=Q$?_=_&0R;X0#5=S*38.7!H
M8$W547

M+BC2@\0#O@

W2*.XK5JBX2I?TZ:[O


BYX;6R45
MNVS`0

A`=\-J:#FN\[]T/LO()O68;=G6)O:U4]W8`5:C2)/G,,PG=
M80+X)$KZR4!#^&-X[V7EVI).YLFL2<9PLD6K+N5GI(2L;-.JS\1E!VH(DE^
M(
'W@22;)]-\5BS.8&$QHU#@#7=\LS9Z3W!H4-


X'5OM\$2&SQ8O8
#A2Q
$UUJ[YX6_.\8K
M??
7``#__P

M9.+:5EHD;)L5^Z7]S]\O3U/;JNJXV
9'5J1+^RNM[&^K7W]9G%GY5AW2M+8@

MGH%7QMXX]




RZ
MC?%

5





37B?JFQN*.1=%=XO3P
VI9

M-PK206N4'9
!?JPP-]G(
!UL1GDP&6+J17:I\-DX=\6(PR]PN=M?:+-%XI





M]5E36





R9DS






:6\!`%P=BJF6@


Z6OG`%*7KI$]
M\NJ?`:&.RI`$'0D&]=W[8!)
(Q3%[[-X1I%.\)Y(LEJT?.]`U\!_BH:H'D1S


MAA#L1U&




MPPU]S8J.[Z7Z#SM-#;G#


M_#=EAZ.$[8X@(Y78LGQ_HJ(`1X%F@7L9!:]``/QU:J9*`QPA;_W_
ROE


]



7R

T9C`E##







`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#R

M




M


Q

=!:&6A.5WY?/*XHPT!Y5)!VO,\Y
YG


``.Y\```9````






8=!]\P_&#@8WYHY8^J?^(
M4R


M'KB@9@Y%5D`1#)9V6(NL0`133L@4U-R44Q?WJH





F9GB54K4S

&



$73=LK(AH_$QCJ2<T\BN4KBF#<






MH@C&3=WE\`2\$H$+V\.%J6@B0J


]GDJY71#1^





MJV5+SD]KUS0
:`^;8-$IL!!P11'


MV4I.NB:-6NK*!)!.65V
(J^`*$


MLK+([BS#V1!7%O&V^2V^3()U



M'V

K.!I
M5





MYB'R@8Q


M8#.J2M3%CKZB8CYM^UEJ@;?LZ+@*20-28;-2XIVKF$\;
;0B;\EF5
T;S[P.


M]EOB&%41QR







IWO/-#S(&-/EJYN*0XJB*CNTZ
+*8H4SQ4

MG17

MT%9)Q8)J(XI:A2[['`A!':3$&WV^KV(^;?30*M$EM5&5J$U`EF6\Z!A8DO3+





E[?!0B&V(EW+)


Z;V$WER$G04
7@BIHN[S
MM0\;];8
KU5E2^BABH0(
CS\2F+=^LS



M-YA_J?S3_P4```#__P

.5[1[2<X%Q/JBO'=]W(J3%MD'%8\FL\
M6%'0C#RP[%31AH33BHL@5^4M!4GMSJ[QJ[&_/G0SC)6MVQHQ65;]H4676V

B

_ENB9
=/G.9?:$.@V-`FU8`=8\]*^I2K3S#9N9C]




M]^91?)X]H@INH5+B

N,%M#6:<%&4
DM
M4$H\A9HVR6C


$

M(7%;X)JU)$






M8$'70$S18=6#W@*83YEI'4.N;Z4*.2J26\62(6AWR$*`/T^K)$R7SA/4-#]B
BP!D\B%P$KD#KQ:G
7%?LLCSPFA:$P
0A/-7[8:PT!2F;`R@S=\OE3ID



;I1`88OH=4_````
M__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`/RI#P'D%```W&@``&0```'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E
M=',O<VAE970T.YX;6R<6<MNZS80W1?H/PC:7SV9R#9L7R0-TEZ@!8JBC[4B
MT[802S0D)4[^OD








/`GQ+*$_
M=O(C



0D

M+_N!II$MC4C`3B$8$#&3R`YANKK53DM69$L++HU2/,=CO(=2EGI-'QBM**
MID`95ZXWKJ9\Z9EEV&

M$Q9Y*!7HZTV75K1TLXQU&@AWD,XS1A`O^NSQ$YNS58*%N]7N9/[V#+R8M.J
M?@I$ZS[6V7!(Y!@E'D$#Q,_2M7!`V*SUKD'3B?R-G'^AG3.\*J)1Q`2'P/O

@F/IJE;\J*Q+2(






O
B[^1`N]=I/V]\-[F(E5.T7

$%``&``@````A`)/1&*D;`P```0D`




P#I]6B

\2L7;OT:$]E;&

MK.

V-+AI*02UAI$^KQ(\6WA/

QCG&2H3G%S/[<
MDRW]3L26==)I:`5;B3]+($EASC!SHW@_[

;KN#L&=[6\%>#PE;FST!

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!\/TEKQ`(```L'```9````

!1]G[3_8/F]?`8(44C5

M5XER5I!#K;^)XT?&RTI#M2


MA=F48;#W:CV9F=]:3-P7+0VC-(UFB-TY(DP\TW!OIP.]?)[.=1K-IKG&<.2W
M);28I-<8I'XX:ZW=Y/G\UY3GF08_X\^LVFN;S'39S%#ALO42[TI`H:38;&(
M


M+^GX&=O\!@``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`$$E^H-8```[```&0```'AL




MM(SC=0UY[X

M@OEJAKSE0M?G#R4[
?COB(KMOG!:?*
M@6)#FU0#UHR]*NE+H3[!8.]B]+-N
MP`_N%*3$VUK^9+NOA&XJ=V.(2&5U[PX/!&10T'!Q@UCY92S&@#@Z314K0PH
M-[KWQTM9)6AR=2-$W\2@-Q9$R&?J;)$3KX5DC5_C2@X6AF3\&@R`?IC/'3#


^6[-RC&;0H\$'
M:V9U'0TV^\?[2(GMF2][9#2F'O%HP0YC?:$LGMDM/$H\YNE]326
QO#X[J3?

MUG\KN*0)[!/?!7')F#R]J/OE?.TO_P$``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A``Y@



M0YM4`[:



J+-2*!4Q)5K0!VT[^)
M5!#HI@!)//IK2*T)1^I\LC`C-]#H()6-J1Y+D$:&01:$P_-0V$29*%W+L(`
MF4\E`?)0E*!P=)E1PJ[^_SJI()/2K)/6)`-E%L1ADAF*?*I(LBA(O?
VFS'&
M[V%402:C4::-UFC&*Q-!5W(F0;&?^N&Y'S/*Y#V4*LB@S+RQ4WK':8VFC+T@






MBO




*IA+9-J8!
MO'NV8#+O.XJTEU@D$*';25!LD9B&


MX:C?XDKNX4+QE&N2E8W11U7F$ZHMZ;74(=Q.FQKRJ]!PK%4ZAIFHPF
5#$




M/)O$(5:3.+)-:;_]CF
Y;O

XTT-

YP?O?N'

5-DM3LH4W7F++$'.


(?3`*@/\1]VX_GWCQ\


MK


'03@_[4.#25U>DZ/A[
MHVF)GM[W@W`2S\;QQ/62RRU-3+KK%5-BDRKPIEM0:_1&\.


MSMGAG\CJ#P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`.
O4=GO`@``*0@``!D```!X

M5;=*FS1-NSP[8

M@0NR[B#NYW!&RCVW6;RB[UDIN.2U\H$NL$9?QSP/Y@$PK985@PATVCU!ZP+=




7!TF=(@`W#A+8./8TMNYW2MKL%;6N=96;NV#8YGH

]-`Q_'
+A'2X*E0CK
3(8N9FSQC'\?N]22-
'K%IM
MB]D7.DGQY)<XIQ,7\TM<:/IB]





M\9JI3-1%BG_^N+^:8V0LK3-:J9JG^)4;?+WZ^&&Y4_K)E)Q;!`RU27%I;;
(
M0\-*+JD)5
-K6

WRFV
ME;RVGD3SBEK0;TK1F`.;9)?02:J?MLT54[(!BHVHA'UM23&2;/%0U$K3305Y

#9CC3/4WQ#%NLI#E?+
MUI]?@N_
R3LRI=I]UB)[%#4'LZ%

\G9#+]/TOH

MU9R

`T'EKD


MS

M2P




M
I*]B?^7LNB.&]L/G2#R?`1P:T=8]UQRD[:5GUE'Z_\E2$0T&
'*B`_LU3YV

MC0WM#E$PJ


6OC\I'*Q36T2&YT1B)DF9





H.Y&?6

MKM[^`@``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`9W)ESNL```8```&0```'AL+W=O



M)DW3/JX=8\`J8&0[3?OO=XP#!=)I:2X2.+Q^_9QSG


+U8_=`WX+IV


M\4R7
5I$;KCR%C[(G0-3^H$;2^30H]*B_F-%_MG*F@1GDR70GY\';K`._3#Z





0^']

M`=V(5=:JU68EPC3V4(PC('M[


[6<G@%@WP=-K2Q%FO7^1JV3
MT2R`[.


MOEP:TKR0]`5-5-O[


?+2UG



J
M6'@XBX-RYF)6Q!U@?%C&NXMCQ[6]60)5
PM*Q_;=D#AB[C
1-S7D3N\&DWQ%%2AAW0.QB
];=C$RI)G]T2Q7H7[#Y;H'3R+

$5Q]1%0YG$#?7O,TD4F

ZT&:-U

MN0G'?LT:SCN8D;&VN_51YA;CA8MTD0SQF*0^TGHO^ZAFG)3%RI(B6@\;#/KL



M!Q(AU0Z6H0T-
Y6&`(LU)RO_6@/

MHK
+(]IV]C4MI7RFB!B$XR
T8C-Q@


YJT@'NA6*KM1[ORJF)2_(%6*8?P_



MS&7GY.)%&CNUL&-K.[;2U.#9DRD*0Y/L(&

25-
M

&G*H&AAQZ8/(#DMQS-TJV_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`LYHAQ:`-

#I^!\$`YN'/;F_7Y3/A@-;A@C/]!T_4+P,M@7;_$,UTI^
ML3(<^S&P\6<;P[6=UV3S#?$@9'^SK7!3;A12S2<5L\CHLELFB

QJ8Q;J$V

'



Z565[E20Y%60))7



TP

X/G+^#9'_@6ULC3MTE?D7P`774[C6IW
M4HSMUGG]L'

XI/

A#`]#!#``%:(``X#5%Q2![`

2D;E$:VL*[^@O\%*G2F_!]%

MNA(KJ\00MT.F%13`AP8*=!AUQ0QYL(0QQUP4`01@@IN@P@*`--C(B+2E)S


MD%4B*099-9*X0E:))!`$2D5DGI5HFD&&35R

'



MDVP
Z.\4@_`P%)2F



MQ-M:ZNORFBF=)7=V3^M:EU/8AP[D3#$J@3ZXS\BCH)55T)W-OQBW'QE@#_X0
M*=?


`C
MF%%D]09(*QIA$0SVJH`T)80@ZEWRF(`O5Y6FCN*H]8


(9-\0';*_//AARVOG=BIU=0=4\2
MP%29)*=&?F`ZT'G$*:#W3I=3@*



M@):HE)U#.!95%:SSSB'L.




MX(ZP%^`Z
Y$%6]M)'7#JKO!39+IBH74.LXR+E^KJ4
M/U70ROOX9KG@F]X]D
M[QZ97Q^MX).YX$&B@]\J%\H;$[
F7R(:PJ#]N+




M@\3CFX1@:T8

MA4G=O1BML:BX]1%T_^N7XJ[Q

MCA_)`L&4_NH'^[
?Q2*6:O'^/3[K!K(8IH=0;MZ'\/P4^*OL`GNI_N?^;K9X

M30O-9\LUPDO7-@



M9W


1HK)2LU*7(@8*Q)[UQ8:IZB%ZY
:2V
M^/=M\6'8_R`EV!D7W=XDN\X[VH`3'=?@)IL4XSOH=#4QK(CYNJAW&?-2?SS?


M.(^/P6ISKU*(O8EV6=KR'?P=H.KP^!LZ:(HLL%P4F3K6R^:KYH2O1WVNSA)
M?S-



M:J@?Z;.5WB#KY*


VZM\7PSP?MQ'R;MWO8$%-%+K
_Z8_



G/QY=7)X\*%YX)VBZ*)IQ\

G=H+6=B$TKY'?-%K+G#^1


MP$^53U@4+OOIJ6I.#*ENI*7UG.
M#EERV.]U?4FI@G/W8RL8CMW/Q6*K!&9YD3);G!@YM4PJ04ZZSA-!.[J^]E1P



N&+[*KH:&NYC`7U#HJKQ!D`;R

MRE%OL#*\OG;K.9R.)?RLJ*QT\KIC=BMB=HGZ:G;$L+S?-=S%!T)7WB^'81;@

=N*``\!QE4!



M\I__YX%A;;+VS$5!NC]'CX#]W@TO'U*%>N6\OE[BG\V3-T*^2!'IK5E


^#OXS&20(`[AF-R22)&HL?58CLO*


;:MZ%8[
M=8J!/_3&DZF9+


4





B$LA#K11R8ME



MS0I;Z1?SZF^17IDVVHDZ6@X

)^\*
G':!GYMS$@48@*!@S&WZ'@UPD88#X91YWM3M8TWU(T)'#U(5=<)%
MI!O;@F4TZM?*X)QO@3




Q6S);(F?A6LUS@*





MG4Q-L`WB_
6+52#5SAW&A.D6+6J
(



&CB-2H1:B];8BVF@MD5)@
MB0W)Q)/:D4
(OEQ7J7*2%IXQJ)\%(('%)0*0N+GB#U8DOQ']]X8G18
W%33
MA2+-+'5E#L7-;XNG^S*:B\ZR(4Q(IYLZ-I1R_.2:7B)VG93F]
I4/1$*YD

M-DR6KHNDUGD.?&[S&G




M3#ZJ







4E9

MJ5@7'[MUG%=RWI#L@EQU3_XYLE2:K5AP]?.G5*`4AI/1P\Q$\E05R81.*5W8


M
M_\^=M(8H6?0ODEXYZ5#XZIR;5?DT]YIX5\:0?1%E).%%#2,:=TNR0[5]#J#
MXK;\]P!B\LV]I?7-T.TM+'%T=KU?[GA?^ME].RMNR=*BS4E(!7.:LOP7;*K



I-2!%

C?)I
MA`SSI=/6UL*

08Z
<)W\K<ME*\M`$CPU

M*A1*T2,K6RT2'5PI1FF<F95F5@$E*6'JI(_3C)-GV-(05\^V8'I@ZI=5*BT


8T9BM;IDN-PD5BN`@/
M%25'N@[#P#D
B?3S_'X
6$8




3^T!_FWC





M^'AQ0J!KO*

F@)J`0!8B9:;;JZ*/()]`6N!?[LDC0SCZ--


$:[6SUN06ML2$(:M?*;P.

YSRFDX)T
G;0(N3X)%FZEZD^8!DONF@I-M8%'!7#2
M!SF\W%5U@YG1ZP9DK.2!#?^2O<A1=+NM&!@$CK
3OG!7`:+244$X@8


MRM

6]^4Y$_1+/:LE3WWO
M=B)7R02M5CD_




M59E


/!QSZMY/#7UL7B['$+6DPQO

M2K3;U-U@1I.!Y,3=(7-`:&T]V/`?2DPXLT1+=M^F
QH$M$AW:3'9SP(G9'


M62?O=Q3_8H&

9.F]V337(5+^5I2LY64_()K#SGEX(`U


OO)J66C(Z19`5%7'7=6-/;V1/
MH59=^BS12V._BX2;%JO6(\D\OKDJC&AHU4*5BD;EPL]8N23A8Z:=)9
I]9
C






:?&#$
1+@0%KG'

=D+.
0S
MD\&JUW:0MHU;8E++AM'$B/FT4.3.B_R+.YN5.ZD5=J2QG7:UJB/3A)23-`G\


6\A.0$?\KRNSJ$;NCMF?NH?!S


M-B;=9JQ6`IG6M0P;RJUV`5/[S(/&^)K:25-W:L3$.M:
A@H643@&$BN7];O`


M$[6]WL1TZZCH

`^

!'M1




M81

MO0OV%&&NF\FS;(2%K.J&EI;BK1

M`.D61H0O(+QR?5O0I
$93*[%K'12=]I['T7KQ2







MKVP%'!Q0:K'XLHJ:/$&O;+PY7W!C!Y4@]58_M6
A\24UHF/;Z5]+C0W!OC[Y
M3



M@O








]


M$X7SL)87]5R%X4Y('G_[Q6_D!X0/0[4S]\PU:V3JP3\#$)C_;R]^
YE.&8\C

M4TE13FY][ELR_@53+*WO+^]M[35G?E-_TJN6.-&[_KJMW19KV8O::#PT#4!Q


MU/V

M
(J-

@O\(_#`_7;!+M^O17HFU//GP.&?513H?'@
M_U-
WF`9Y$L_TERJ\;E7&NE$GG#5.`G$0U'*3)(@T5






MZ@X%-#


NTJ#(










8?#2

M0/Z










%Q/UQB\GD:`


I&4QA7
M0;%

C4ZV^
H0YV
M%\H#462FRFY
XI5.N*426E]YYZ_\LFMG
L:@$&1F6J

UTO0$:%W8N5U?XQ:

MG_'1JQAQ_#:(\P!6\RPPW%XC/+FMS25\&L=`-NSW:[J&9(&_9QM1\JO%_F4(



_B]'KVR9A_8I)KD[R.#3H!2FPK

'S;B.DIYP*N



M6(W(!*\G=$_4XR5B6]B$;YNPJB&]\+Z'`Z[&LRM6FZ[]@&S\;'V!NR


E:$4P(MO+
M&O3C_.$G=7


M='S$`8$5T2PX9@&FU
WI-;T)UO`B['K]BN3)FV%RR4M4BQ_6@OV'`]M%=D

;C=+V
M4E3'K`P+A







M9$)#4'A).[M6J2I;V&C

M?*




M_23





M`!$




'

MW+WNVW+F


M;;*WM[ZS.77'=%I:J-*LR5;/[[#@V.SS)UDPC5=$@6K
+LAG-X@?1%_9U0D8


MT.S:EHB/:25XT+DTEY]



MH&*+*\NNW;TW9+;+8;A$J)`AJDID


MFH687H4W?\&D1M&27F
@OWJY_]3T(&:U^_.2<AJH/WYPH4'$QM*%G;FVLO_U.RZ\?




MSC_0E7+)BS2:.Y]_'CT!

MMG:GV_4Y##W?+TBD2AQ`%$(F0(C-5VDA\-@HW%S(#]0'$(***4FR62DBRF
M%!55([=(.L0$!MMO2C:F2(G+5L




M
ZE)J@M
1*@1YY][Q+GFA33;83;\U73X
)S)





X%`



M2S_M?N)-6%#0R#R6=!C[.$WKQ1YVQ8^AGY-05[\P#J)F^[R'UL?)PAG5W\2?

:*9ZFG';LDWSPF2:)Q'@VN8*O^/'!778_V&)JW


N0*%$ACE-#-3X?

2[**$

M^+A';?5YKK+C5B0G
)@B]
W
QQ:RP
\Q[$NQCI@CE=SPEQST)2R.C(;LK$S^

MAZ`FOWBDGC.9&/S\0




XK3!J)&8Z6J.1IQD+NJ!$ROE
_ARQNJB\Y^GG;HI*:

/[Z%?3O_[!?0TJXT.5@KG;49H2_Z=2KZ=0!5V@1CW5E])NTZ#34
M_P=J=-SKERG.%E!::
YQM.1]__.HSLOIZI:'!?;D,T?HF0
M:);5[8F(L9/X`WZ]




MLQEYSQX:O4J=,0'1::?0%.T8\:$16P%2ID[+LQ`@.MX3.X\^*2)GN/#C
M(WY?`4M&@-XOB3NXN=1+C_:H8O_V`U0O#J7-Z_R'D2,[*1$&ZOT,.3`TOG1
M[@5BJA2[RPL%OB1!VQ*OI(8$*^+;PXEQ1U`=CW87*LXIZ82:%CT$PZ42)2)
M



]-DI*4
)8\


M8N/VR=Q/CMC[

WY=N'_G*O`M5ZK_%CH*F0QWEUA4KWD\

M37S-
G(S`PX_5KGUN(4)3^F?AVY6?^






MDS1\@V27L*C/H7KLO

:FIW6@XMNDT5(0#/]HHXLCRP=7Z
M&IAUCO=%RBE#I`@E0^UKD

2U^^








M3S=7X3`$#0NLK2U0
+[CBUMI[




5X1_`:!/1L=Z0?69QR68P2A
M
Q`(/@_X$E!<?SJ[H)38[
M([!=_)?N?@HY*S#R1^K9,&#)2)$S4:8&(SY_986E0+YGNRP\&%.`MFC%3
MT3RSNB%^R&\4:BM]N(3#&9H'$AM6ILV3ULJT0


5O9L


L2J@?99;LTB+(&P]^-T'F%=JW

$@X1VOB9LBS)J/[
//^]!W+D\CJ.SO`&(
M=JN1AZ-8UC!%YFO=L:*D8<Q43U__'LU&&G8F.0R^$WLYG;9D5@*GVK-'6FQ2
M$])X[EW(AMZ]A(V7II_SZ$;&!C]Z5@RT^$AVKUO$70\J=?V%TZ\O.X8[
MR<3?J-A-*CR9Z)B!-N(Q'P'L7H=G=2O@\V@3)(LB9J3Y`UQ5(/W-9E(!3
MF@UO;N].?OU%_D+3!E1KSO1W




F0F+&[QD-N&\#Z&(U%;N'
\]:OHW[PA6Z*!Y&D


MO\&R(*L)`:G]I09A4L
U;9OE0'AB180AC/&0.\]!XYSOKFC$68;B-?5T!1-(
M4:60D6)
3.7J%1)FJ[\OJP(
8GA*H2F&K0?BKH4EDHXBKX$(NJ7DE.DI97V=


B\!S^8FUQ[[A#]V0UZD=S=KYX




8BO
$6Q2BYB#;%(0Z04?\DKW4@MEAK`U



*YIQ1B(4\Y'1
YZAG


C:B+#L!ZD?+5_HT5'6

LL
$:*
MTK6N[/OY)3+R%:'*!(*=N!JDN\`[*5]%F3O)/&*!%8*-+!\$?.%+B$$99@:;

=Y#T&\
M8ZQULA!_!JG



KG<8VQZO_20;;[QTYCI/J_0[-@Q#QW5;3_C03489I007^8
M!%4O#FL`U8O#D#UXK`47[TX+





MIAZOLI!(:\

M0[2-%HH7\44J[O?,NE^'`'?_P,%[?4B$BJJ6VCMOL;$J(YS1.04@*5;)
M#0'W7\(*0#LT;Y7L&&:`2]68:FC)C.=^'&L0BI(4G$&]ZLR=94G21E=8(A0U

M?/N?`@```/__`P!02P

1]A5O6DQEZ(0)=SS]_FFX8?Q`-(=(#AE[
7D?MTS
MCE<MY/T<);A\Y=:#`_J.EIP)5DL?Z`(C]##G(B@8)I/*PH9*-L]3NH9NHDF


M/^O?#:UD

B3QEF0$ZK?SL1^/





M6=*2CTA38-N3U`F\

MG[/DJ

Q
MR8N\*(H#A8;G!
86J';9BQL.CO.#TA:N0(


M;2W1Z3
GVV0+E1[N]Q4\@98]:


!_YL@WUYR)]/_5_-R^]E]73L


M$4X!'CR67?^ITB7#H'CN^J;^SX*H*V6+





M]%)KJ&DPHH8:E5H(5L/


M!&^;E;[)-P0N$44+&1GZ`N/`(71EHMCT$B=B4_JBKO031?*!(TI0?PR5\B
MHH1#\_A

``),\.T%0*<!(`8+=S*.$^`=C1/))LHZ8$22;G@`\9G

1O4-WQ




I%2=S*JZ*`C:-`HF


M=P6)FI

)L<!BG7\)Y(A72./
Q0I`XFCLL

?OOWQL/_
M````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`F'J$-'

M:&5E='

M?3P3?&VC&F

/8*S4?4G39$()]$)7

^S'-N3AR





MX:=[_.FN_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`%8@0/7U`P``T@P``!D```!X

MSGL/'%JY\@]]?UP$@2P.O

M#=91GMZ;XB%V3=T_/QUDAFB-8


#BX&OTXK

M9!1LYF&DG`I1`P#\]9I*E09D)'\=_I^JLC^L?
+F48P(!KFWY;)_K)2E[Q7/

6JR:TUH*S:_4
0720!\

[B4V.6:XM5%IC7C.B)&XFE_



N--GHVAD#!.


4
M&A_Y36M3MZ4[UOCZ(&!XBGW

``/__
M`P!02P

MPPT2P
[#8DH:(Y\'4==IR\67748:V#<3]%
U0





OS.V^F089^W1@+O


$%``&``@````A`.T-


'/\X\?


M]Z?W:92.!\E@^&\*8Y\@&MJZ7RFU1%!T\=IJ6N!9
ID
^1!1]=K'\+%6)T




^[*Z?6IJ[Y%P05F[]E$0^1YI<U;0]K#V?WR_OYG[







Q$3!V%E
?N?+-0F)XMHX;BL
5#4L5OGB=.MNP$SG+_
%@J
MU:@UKJ*W/59@1QUR[I.MQ@S-N7!/N;/L=%!F+J,@?DG+$KWX%]$*[(A.G(ME
MJS%O-89&&,UK!QM
$\M1Z_KWGZ7HQ*YY_X

M0_B![$A=R]G1S6'$5/T?$=X2Y6MUXX+L([O!?
'\0%OAU:2$K5$P@_/
M]9#7#Y)U_:S;

$

X/N=\]L?B]EE4Z(DIS66=XM`+
&(UE1FOBQ3_^OEP
\5(

&00
M4YQ:4PS]WU-2R:(]F3#:GB22R6(
M@:$J?-TH1K+V)5'Y41`DOB\QHYAKJ[AD'G.*;N7==8;1R)8A4QH%^7O-$=
MFZ#7T`FBMKOFADK1`


MYMG+/=

J4'S.H2$YXC
MUAWE@+D]1K!^:G&UU/OI%BPE6*K8+6MW`1P]]JBP;JO(8]Y$P))'2]$@M.
M






<I$U8)75$6ZK



%)L\H<%#&LK54Q!X\*,K$E*8Q!H5?AU-[OKM+*'8I#+.9TL:
MTV=7V0GM$7&$O!-BC6KQ!6*32KS3I'F.M7U/8V'07'?GZ9.K1/-0Z.Q;7M1



M:I


MZ0(WQO2+



MS^Y_STO3%'B2!]DTFL0@1UNFS1VWEAC1G392_/&BV$(-)LG!9`+TA_=)D
RR
M.


3QG?KOH1Q8HMBBV=95O[









M/F=NQXF%T\_M0%\TRCC.=U5]KO:?^:B*VD'8

MB0XD8U!_.(^:!:'\?3_+,0K:@T^4DM72ZWV)H&[C0-=2T8+H#YZ
SKZ+S^


K=.X!(.LB9$JC0]4H<&)(^N1@B[WB].(^9=&HW
M)QMG-T]NN=F!4PRV.LMQ

M*([GX;R'V)PB[J;S&;1^QW&F;7J+-@?N:_N;OD_)8R:#M1H^.].3W*+'@?MZ







MA?T$

<(L6Q_V**C(H=ZONW`3O$)%BP&12`3\:@2Q
M$:E8/DP:68$`FK*4
!3
K?;P+%#
'(3&5-9
`D$CE$[A$S&Y'=(^8:85&%


MMG*8282I&7$V2:H@FIH1L*C%CU!#L$V-.)HD$K+H59O#&_'6SGWCI?+YK?$R


F`^)BCS&(VH1P%EFR:]'BTM(M@HZE


X(N2FLEUB=&Y#P9&;1?J]J63DV@Y^
M7
)B3*(R$DN+C%?Q:K5RM
W
4391]'&#Z`]VLW1]BZ!K/D2]&8Q2.SL^U9A;


Y.'B3DC6#G

`4$L#!!0`!@`(




MP5G4

?)&




M:&5E='

F-)<MCD.O0`CUE)9



^\M%GY^_




MHX:5L#7P
N@VY8:J6QC9]8-I(PT
P_ZQAG\?@W

M`/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`/YK


M[I\G[^]73Y\?_LD?[S_V[[_=2;3E.)DC\


W'_^3W#U]D(B*S%FS;90^/'R1#LA_


M_/!UM3=J6*F]2






HQ_L#;O:=
(
M+;K.PHS91C:)01J#+`9Y#(H8E#&H8M+03\&@Q@,8S*P3@&DQA

M((M!'H
B!F4
JACT8M/P2`&PQB,8C.P20&TQC
8C/P2(&RQBL8K.P28&
M6P\$B2'#)1*C)4-W_1V9&S.

M4H'T0/H@`Y`AR`AD##(!F8+

@`9@HQ`

4(5(!=(#
MZ8,,0(8@(Y`QR`1DC(#F8
L0)8@*Y`UR`9DZY

@09@8Q!)B!3D!G(
M'&0!L@19@:Q!-B!;GP1I(X6I(&V.WY
:ZS`W]L0?/T`2D!0D`\E!I`2I`+I
M@?1!!B!#D!'(&&0


M:Z(-T39`8=J80MH):;.ONP5I8TMQ7@G$K%3N
\DE1$*4$F5$.5%!5!)51#VB


MM:
3PK`O-05AL
@_52S2KB=FK7Z_@WZP.F&P4K5R^YQ9%(0!\H4Z^O+1&FJI



V+

M/TD/XF:1_'
<X1


MNG1UG:
F14*4.K3/M\NKFO/TL#47[-PYJ72A



M$Q7JZ


M(AH'*#SMS




GR.VE+_Z,W1721[[8.5CJT`*6TRHARHH*H




M`=&0:$0T)IH038EF1'.B!=&2:$6T)MH0;0
4YH@IMIV0([8VYU^14*[KMH`2
MBX(*7O



M[G:=HY9P$J+4(IFPN*YGM


-X8OYK

M'J9*G*.

M

1PA,LN7;5R)T]E%HD%RUGE=$J)RJ(2FI5@548
MAM

MM3(%Q

%ED2K'5&VUH]E@5ZW<Q30A2HDRHIRH





MCHC&ZKC;Y48G?CAWHA9NEZ=$
Z(YT8)H2;0B6A-MB+86U:SRM4^KV.W
H_L:
M6\3S
P@HL8X=M4J)

G?Q75EP9J


3K2&5:N7D*VKUB/KJZ
M'X^Y`K9S\D%HCHK$Z^O)1




)9ST.R9WGX?ZRU8G7CM3*]36Q
MZ/A::^JLS'?)_O7NLM
\O[J.[BXSBN=$A5.2`N&AHUS;M5;AVFXGFN17*J]:

ZNM
3:Q7L-)XQFU)^


E
M1E11I03%40E4474(^H3#8B&1.B


MI6!&E!

U$K)S^EUHQH
MKHXJC^`LU

+*7Y68FVEVP%*



G'P=FHE9/?!EIA5IIE
MD!.RTBZD^%F)M95N!RBQ*
Q*%+;5RG4]HU9.5*BC'YFH=ENJE9.OJ-4CZJOC

1^8U:
M,726AW?8D7Y'E'_15L<O&B+0\J/B,8OVN*D;HNM3G3G.%5Y
M/;0HW\_4RAW:^8LZL7!6^_)]XZIY=1WU8$GM%=':1VMWF^L57!<\3K:5N7K


MB
9$$Z(IT8QH3K0@6A*MB-9$&Z)M@

M
'GEM\S4RHU+&5%.5!51)5%-8M!YB


M87?PA%E6K+%,*!QH?/7\H[USTN+@EGZ952\ZZJ5T5BD;R@X5!JD2QM[1:$


S6N&BK5AI6ZZCC36JM@L]K8;S)J)43%0ZI?%DG

M*IR2'$WO5(CNC$IK=;QB6JF\:C'T;YX^W]T])[?/M^]^^WKW^.==]^[+EZ=7
M'Q[^_B8]:




MNDEE*L

M=N)]6_*DQEX6@V_
4B^59!WWQJS2LD668&_
`BM;9/7TQJR-LD46/F_
LB9;
M9



M]*WNS)*O


M'^_D)P'.SZ0B_NGAX=G]CX3RS3\/CW_M9B+O_D\`````__\#`%!+`P04``8`
M````$`C#*%*YD




M75\J+`Z7:.R?GS?K.MBOOV[KW4F*'.JWU8G:?WS=O!]9;;N^1&Z[.GSY^O[;

MDAO(AN(SSP?S`2D]W#UMZ`E$V'N'^OF^_\E;5.-A?_!PUP3HOYOZV]'XN7=\
MW7^+#YNG8K.K*=K43Z('/N_W7X1I^B00.0_`.VIZX%^'WE/]O/KZ=OKW_EM2

S6@BE-;[-VH`_=O;;D1J4$16W^_[([KQ


Y3F^\\7`J[GW&C:XVC:9/Y3::WHQN)][D1YY3Y3EK/?W+6DKCI;DE
M?5[3TKERHT^.C'\S'DUFMTU\SSRC1ZG0W%'\H'PGEP3'XRX5/_!-+WM(C[)`
MWE/WY$4=XG%'BA\NNN=`YF&3UL'JM'JX.^R_]6BNH$8?WU=BYO$60HT36H:J
M3?&/


&F86
'LGG4Y)X4US:]63L[M

B`YD`)(:0R
MB15QJT5\?-)*ZR;L'(P'B6A&#)9`@F`A$`B(#&0!$@*)`.2`RF`E$`JDU@!

MB*&PMF
HB9ET0`(@(9`(2`PD`9(R8#D0`H@)9#*)%;`1(%F[H/.CU)A;0=,
M$B?I?'LZ7+9&;=(!8%$0&(@9`42`8D!U(`*8%4)K%B2+ON*V(HK.T82F(F
M'9``2`@D`A(#28D0#(@.9`2`FD,HD5,%%K6!'[Z=6X4;*CJ93DF
G);55

6($D0IH@Q1CJA`5*J+&2'5.S3KPBIW-9;(54[?6-[Z`$*$(6((D0Q
MH@11BBA#E


MBA#%B!)$*:(

M3&M+QP[3
MIY



6A4[.).(4IXW7Q_[@1_R8YZ#`3L.&N[.E1(
M?+0I`F&-V%$/L5@A2E^.=


QA\.
K;0.C%*




M1
=:(R

M$*6(

9Z-W'1/0[05SU41

MHJUTI-4=M7R



_;$S!44H
E&3MJ^1Q1P4C+
MEQ?)5^S8R-O]<UTE[F,EKM#,?$!_[FQ<E^RHMZ4!HE`A:B[W5X16,:($48I:
M&5KEB`I$)6I5EI4=TLY*W!=O#73]9<C88_I8@LTICU1F^9X&LB..GT1*%
MM%)H+9@](G2


O;3


R^NVX_F(MN)A7%S4B+*K$1T]:SZV
M/?9^5
=?=C[B8R&O$$T._$A+1`&B$%&$*$:4($H198AR1`6B$E%E(3NNHOHU

2WRR@F[I71=%.6CNN
M^+.%F&.ZKMS2E6:A=M7\.5UIUG[WRGC([U[5\BET\





=?5Q6;Q6KV3YK2A[_]_O1X]MMZM]]LGV_.BXO9^=GZ^6Y[OWG^


M+Y]6F^=S%^%Z=TR




DIA+LK&1KK;/M(-T/_/


31[92WK8AINEGZ?U\LH[TL_0Y)&]+*B2AC;M






ML$30H\\2

M=KJHJHOX(CAZQK1AE2%#MXZ4E';25Z:+^C47#K@/1`!!`)1`'10$Q*6%[H


)^M=DK[

M=;$TI$)LVIHT`=HAZ1001*40:D6&(]]DJJK3/[YTIG#)CR7(QC&MB6S%

U\3@+H4(](()*(
M%*-R##$^ESFFO']8GH(Q?6D1UE99)L1;;0:RP)1CT@@DH@4(HW(

13=)K$

J
ZY#


O
MJ&@5*J!#U,2B0BA4@C
@SQ!%FE=T)1
M.&'(B@*T8ELZA#UB`0BB4@ATH@,0[S/IRG*$A6E1]F4F6\^1:LX]%YWIE,F
M((&.$I%I!$9AG@:K*!+A_Z=(K-TPI#5Q*@54Y&9[]1XQV2BZ!#UB`0BB4@A
MTH@
0SP_5ORE^7ECOG1:D:4!Y&-;`NH0]8@$(HE((=*(#$.LSU4N
E_O\V#.
MA:1'V:.1[]1$J_'10-0C$H@D(H5((S(

MJXE6
4





M()*(%*-R##$^YRKPV%EV0R'6PX/F[MOMUN[U)P\E?1F3=W$JYT1A07*T
MB#J/[


53H


MT6&D7
EYE-5COC\6'&-Y=
$Q9K0/J![21[6PFVS2+8Q$@2@ZM@%8/K@%QP







C6M%H<RS9*M

=CS8X)C47'6.6?'B_850W555GU2O0
M36)PA58Z6/GJG5V5U0(2Y6Z`.@/EE.O?-Q*%.G?N4%9.V1VTWBI9:7?1
2;*
MQ0I;XN6\;#*5(-!+8FR%5MHC'WM17UWE!VP
\^+UE$OC-]*$\G?N4%9/V1Y%
MZZV2U707'6.:?'@WY/-R65SE*W7TDAA;H94.5KY69XME?NK`







UYK5N9D0=I


K+F#^&VE.GMB:\1;Z!IN;@_=

M:[JFP+3=Y`HR0-L#(XN

)

:F]71C`J

HDS\O


M!AD.H:S7H^8,S.A`*9F8H'.6/ABB9X.%+?U88R^#BO0(J,F8R^(+LY%_U\[
M#Z7&E9\ZTV=7+Z'%\'GO

MN2E5:X-:%D`9A3A@C!]9_L7I#B*'@:$=3)K^L8(_BX2NBK!BJW=Z06$Z?BO
MVOX#``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`\52X!C


;Q[%PW[^([S\P^&YR@`%F44BZT0.@



M__;QUZ?/'[Z]^_+'T^_R+W_[\O7SA^_R?[_^_?VW/[X^??CEK/3YM_?MJZN;
M]Y\_?/K]K;7PP]?7V/CRM[]]^OC4__+QGY^??O]NC7Q]^NW#=YG_MU\__?%-





M$ON?;ST7[XY7_Z3]\^BD_%S+MVUUCZ^.4WF8#\[YO/GTQRB$\^_/?YSW]_
M^N7[KS^]O;YYU[V]NFZ)^)N_/GW[7GXR)M^^^?C/;]^_?-Y;H98S98VTG1'Y
M


M=YUV]_;N'
\&G[8D]6PFF!QT4;Y[U[[KMKHOQ:-59Y'\175?.ZXF3\MG3^MU
U'GML)I$K2+KE\Y94TCDZ<Z


M@G_]W.FV?GS_+VGC'YW
`V42B9Y*F)YMS/93
$A!F8)AD8IJ%(P3L$D!=,4
MS%(P3\%CA8I6*9@E8)UC8IV*9@EX)]@XI.*;@E(*B#J\&IJB#61
$KT#T
MH2O0/SDVM&EDEA^+TE:9ZK4R?]%IAHS)E-UX@\*?.JVX\3MJ82J]%,P2$&9
M@F$*1BFH4C!.P20%TQ3,4C!/P6,*%BE8IF5@G4*-BG8IF7@GT*#BDXIN4

028@4Y`9R!SD$60!L@19@:Q!-B!;D!W('N0`

*P%XUHPL`4C6T2AC?)4+IRB/&W.3R


$KNO%

M(YQDL@YL:R']_#L8VCN9J
1ODY7A4`NIH2

G4*HE8+)YDL'\5#+:7&V9@
MX5(P2
K)5R27LF4?@DK











V-8
M?:E)1JIQ29KST@M*TAZOBCUUW8-Y8$VJM*E+.B6_OO2=DGG\RW?)NZ2[#;R4
MCE82#179Y?3Z)M
E

MLH@U4))06#F%ABX)G8V?:8-+MCJ5^L+AI9+$0'L_D+KDH

UVREE(OE.:XP$S`
MVQHZI
MIIB*A4]'

M@*1%4J6?88


MWFY-%0=4+(F&BER+E'IDC\0

:*YV



MI)+F:7`9)G5(.4W+%_MAJ!K7H7EJX8(ZM`\Y1'5H45




M];V


/5F-*`SHKE#S[5


#0P-



?-
M#U&;;S^9M3S


E@FXI##E




K!)D7RB9+-%*F06DP'
MD$MPI)A4)DFV0M#!(E7#Z%I9AT2%XTY&@V+YL_M++D#UK6'(IR`^_\
.^'



L28ID
MI9&ZK
5T`*E+Y*;4)9FF8C)$LK3(Y2.'&$;FXDYH3DC#NGSACMT=J(8%:)$_
M3&DGAQD].5\^MSM_F-%W*'XD[S998P94+(F&#LD?9A?7'(/R.`4SJ&AH[)'/
MM\QQBK55'QZD[63JS6B
9T1SAYX]3L&
%[%&DEI+#K%RR!^G)/Y=4V?C48
/
MMDZJ]D'W)CTNV'E#ZH6]1PVV#TY*_C@?=;3EF=ODLQZ](;5](I*:K'W8
)[4
MI!63/\R`\F
D/JA3W109%[9*!UW;E/.OE117SL3D3RKFD^,O@S&5&6]Y(


5:KRLC53$

MSL;/M

&'VR=5.V#7-7!]M[;

M&CJD2V5V



MIR9M1;V
$MG45-?<XI


M@IUT:ZHGWU8\EV/8!U*FF28P

M^Z2O/J2*43D=0C/I?4HV6:
W?M5E+LLN=)M7Z&
M99)4^F-D_K9[SXH

M)=%0D5M*

M8Q%K)*
NJ;!RR/?+8-+RUZ2-K6EAXU&#@[9.2ASDI3II=]MY6^J6/=%!D0VM
M)';R1



.[X
NZ5#=)3

MW(IW_F6S^IA1*6*:.R13R8^$^JD?$MXJ2;QX6=^(,W'N4//]4QJ+&(-U1&
M73D%WS-?J$E8V/A9-#AHZZ3





=V@[=RV



=J[;-]=)





=&$:$HT(YH3
M/1(MB)9$*Z(UT89H2[0CVA



M%O8%*6QWO*
4MBA83'M=H#[1@*@D&A*-BJB,=&$:$HT(YH3/1(MB)9$*Z(U
MT89H2[0CVA,=B(Y$)R+)5P12\I4L$W#)5\IE0B[Y2KDXZ'&^FDWJ_+5[FE'







M#8A*HB'1B*@B&A--B*9$



M-*JB,9$$Z(IT8QH3O1(M!:$JV(UD0;HBW1CFA/=`Z$IV()(41-4EALDS`
M)84IEPFYI##EXJ#'*6P.+RY(87O6$:4PCC]Z\I6&Y.RA3S0@*HF&1.BBFA

.*9/@H9ODRQ&]FUK*+[E``TJ51$.B$5%%

M3






MGYW%X^
S17Y_NJ?(?PFDK\A+#11YJ5*1EQHJ\E(C15ZJ4N2EQ@Z9%PH&K2#Y
MUL;$2VDKF$8H=E9Z=O.GWL-RRR

MP6_-C[U4Z-;D









MFE



MRR\QI#_4.J!:Z9!Y]7HP7K*



E;X$S(@@?6^D0#HI)H2#0BJHC&
M1!.B*=&
:$[T2+0@6A*MB-9$&Z(MT8YH3W0@.A*=B(HBPQXR+!/P(A/Q(A/R



OCR$SLILMVA.ZX(^30=;15VDKOCU4QN.`G&CAT
M9[UV]2[=Q2RI
R0:$56QY=:[^U;T(W5W@[\DMXOCR$CL





R$9=+#MK+Q%PN

MH@%1230D&A%51&.B=&4:$8T)WHD6A`MB59$:Z(-T99H1[0G.A`=B4Y$DMUN
ML]!?!$EVDV4+A?4E

M[.UH7[64




M*8Q`2@J390(NJS#E



MH?2*/J':Z4]\#KV4UMZ(J

M=N\4@R



B'?=3&1)K8



2[YE+[$N^Z2_/(NY;%N8O.TKIRJE'N@HEW
M';
7B3?7;7R%5EP+/?$CF/@13/QH67U1F`9.7!AJ)?[Z/[D!:5WQ#D19G*3H
M
2H6)ZDS=^^[C

TE0=UJOE
M/!

1G8.(SV!.WA'*)6]+[DM0M#U]DH9;NE&DQ

=1]






Y*(Z/VD$/R@YHN#FEDE









MM&:.T$=;2WT
(7WXT1=`




M.4(94WY2/

M3R&606+



HR2OJC*&#FKG)&S*A@YJY*1LU*
G%7%R%G5%DWI`=V2
M
@F6E

6X13&M
M_*ZM:7CDYJRXK1FB'%&!J$2D$%4673FE:V?E-S4X_6J
M9^3:N6#D





C
M




ME?E+]F`)[L$8=:__F8

E3@G6W120Y#\$%
MH@Q1CJA`5)2BI$-:(&42N05:L@G_]O9T$*V2+=*)Z8R%8!1;.BK7-$.6(


MHZ1J\8RBZ@AG`YH@(=2T3*.7KS7WA&7CDKOF
M8DD9POKV`QFPD)U:Y!YP



HBVC8-OS-0BS!2/+$O&!#OC^T[K:$?
MKK6X7T@-H@QD$186B5G0.CJKW%K1+

M\F]F]#1?-&.^8N-UO?NR7JQ?7O9GJ^TW_24R='9T?]MC\PTW#\G57!_84X_#
ME6NZTN47+FA*]U$$EZ93N;Z='(@6I3.]=^Q#%V9T95.L3!:1&VC/UH8\J&V
MF6P&'VH;O:$^X!.3CQD4H0^Y#'I$]#3T9Y,#L2+Z8BS&0AC13%=Z:8(N)+0




M._6^_++^QW+W9?.V/WM9/]&4

MM




-D]T`


-U^916$J
V%8;V?WU(.=H

99/K^`)?01.8
8^`Y8@Z($$1'95[7-FK;+-K0WEWD\<
MR\3Y&







M_P^L_P$``/__`P!02P
&ULK)A;CZLV$,??*_4[(-Y/P$`@04F.-N&N
M5JJJ7IY90C9H0XB`/7O.M^_8QH`]Z5[4OH3DEYFQ_??8'KSY^KV^:-_*MJN:
MZU8GU/7RFO1'*OKTU;_\X_HRTK7NCZ_'O-+<RVW^H^RT[_N?OYI\]JTS]VY
M+'L-(ER[K7[N^YMO&%UQ+NN\6S2W\@K_G)JVSGOXV3X9W:TM\R-SJB^&99JN


MXC&OC;4!D7:;8P4CH+)K;7G:Z@_$S\A2-W8;)M!?5?G:S;YKW;EYC=OJ^$MU



M;$
=T:8PW_)S!#YZ#WW+A6$MO


M4D&L@D0%J0JR&3!`EE$;R/O_0QL:AFHC1K478!++4H00%L(E4$&H@D@%L0H2

MM9;'SHEC3Y.
2(!(B$B$2(Q(@DB*2#8GTD!I
8P/2+;P^W-5/.\;7@+=R7(;
M#D)^/-(@\O@'
AL_(@$G%BRT:1


EK^/@9!7=
MWM-3%N1U8!N;::E66X


B94@0W^4LRW:5.!&.$PLG;\SZ
M1%BM1Y0.R)
M[5)E(HM$SZL.[)LM)1492/+3Q83]`I'/3
&).]SRLO603C.
^-5[/?T/O._=[RX=4<Q]G;/KRP8O[@


`4$L#


M=??






MQ*%!([+^\W9HTHIW#^?GVZ$U'\T6$\N@YH.OV]/9W8F0P\'F^^E\V/^G;E3M
M41/$DD'H4P8Q9R/S:F;
YB+*.SVGLB=]RI[3T=5L-IU?+=[O2$NK[:9/M4J*




MT2;$

M5Q]^S33\7[.0II^(\D6$N1U2?YI@)SIU_+@S%[.;\0^:[AO9YA[;&+S%2K40

*;T-#FB(_K_D2
1





^=YRF@4JJ

5)`7)0'*0`J2LI=X\EBVZ

MH4





C&S.+GE!2C9$@Y!BYX8'J@


M$5*

M2!Z2CQ0@A4@14HR4(*5(&5*.55C'AZ1+E]07KJZIS2K2Y2]^*)*F6L
_`K
M)!O)07*1/0?*4`*D2*D&E!2I$RI!RI0H9\5R(VOJ7-2E.
M%4YUW;S2T
APD%\E#\I$I!`I0HJ1$J04*4/*D0JDDA'/A:BON[GXI1MU

H/?4+VX[]:^2CVU<L?FJVFU@?


MH]KT')%Z\?9+EUEZ\J&?+16Q(VJI'2NKME4[?C)6YYF8;$5[(2X*QL1:+&#X
M9*_VM.MA;%]1&SO@L:^F
YC.JE

C3GR6V
MK=J1JV.)[6WN6?`Z(SO2AQA
RS27DZ4)PRDWJSWT/%RAKT*]N\)`M9(K7
[G

V:6/@$1:M`NZI.[-.I*-YY2!Z2CQ0@A4@14HR4


5*E)E2#E2@50RXNG1B\X/+C18


M*4%*D3*D'*E`*AGQ](@^(+TR'JYFYZ:.J.\$C.IOO:TN0!RL)6+Y'Y2`%2



M%9*-YY2!Z2CQ0@A4@14HR4(*5(&5*.55C'@N+JOT+:ST);$SF:4_LEZU


%2%2A!0C)4@I4H:4(Q5()2.6B^EEE7[5
MG%?ZDK0SF?[$OVVE,F8C.4@NDH?D(P5((5*$%












HDUM0AAUDQ\/'4N37L)`@H
M8^Z^O;C;T6@!71I&@6T4*R


M4YDVUMRAJ+EA[MS:GKLD$'=&/ES:*QPK(S5W170S%CI+F$JC4`0.8_ZK9GG
M:&=*;5S0@I%/NBMM'H+HV#%%H&3_2LE!)U9;N35E^5'GG)$%OATOA$2MG
1





,H(2BE**,HIRB@J*2HLI]IQY97K#G&4A:RZ]1
:C

BPW/!+%9-0L2




M5TV/HS@0O:^T_P%Q[X#Y)DHRFC0P

MTZ

[$15
MI`V\5GNC/E4\W;9.Q=&P3-

MSL_UX+]6'\3Y2Y5O_\I+#M&&/
D

F4B2-

M#DO=]F:N;]H
X-J&UTV22TI=RU[K1A3_(HAU5$AB=23P[$B8


3`]


Y!%#1$:4!8S`T:3%5./9
)#$05]Z'%1THF*HDT)
0-1



9S_6)


D38CF
&OG==`TH

M(1D8%4,=OS'T]EZ$4TF+;D.-%BG-Y:HLZ`XUP]1E9%?..33/FHVN36/UBJ




PVAUR






H\



%*H*![R0*(H[$SU

MB2!'4^LT9+




-]75A%^IX
MW*@$(T*=2C4T,R7(Y..ZL(FQ;@@Y6'8,$72A^GW9D:T?Z83)YER7&?6H:EB


M3F]_

V
MZQYY5H*EB1(S=`W-)YOS\^123LU[OD%R($Q=DFJ1-85&8%$(;

M3)XXTJ'`^C=`(?D.28[FOG^%LF!S?R:+\?P7:AB/KM;\X2ZT%BDGFDD?`M%2



MLKQ)
]18

861'`-P!


Y80B:*X(VI_VHHO5$PWTA#HTT9



CYRHKG.VX8%!1H
MHB1U3$PUD``\D11N

@?H]KN(T
M69)'

V.F$W`P/
%TR
(B/;*H':YL@

9*9C&5?TV3^+
M?C+J-D%YAR;2:6\C9!`P

M3=

]=#A?

3*V
W_;SF(L




M;CZ-E1[N+Q:7EYN+AYN[Q_/8PM73C[1Q_/SY[O8P'&]_?3@\OL1&G@[W-R^T




MIXKT=^:N=C0NQFV&_\EU7]O9B]C-XZ@9;EYN/KY_.OY^1G.1.O+YVTV8V=U5
:Z$<,C
M^AP1AF5H=I!`2:`E,!)89P$O@(7)

M*H
$2@(M@9'`2N`D\!5@0M`\9D*T#R9Y+(1H.FRPL;#G5ZGF,4D2@]D`**`
M:`&B`7B@/B:L-3I6#0C]1!-

$`O$`?$U
M8;G3^6%&[B&:YQX)Y9[3ZH$

M`WP*RFH


M:#!!

8:X0L$MU0J]/B6Z
M:*ZHO;SKUPE5?:(!D0*D49D$%E$#I%GB.<<?-*
G*.M8CDGI\7=SU9V_125

B2'Q8V0N&+JNRFJR`!(891&9!!9
M1`Z19XC+$*S2#!FBLV(R1
1F`*`AK%_0$:2*4H@T(H/((G*(/$
3(;:C(WK(7T'

''C;BR5B4JCQN-RRB!PBGQ=/*AYILY.LN3U!E;







R!2B#0B


BA4@C
H@L(H?(
\1S#O9W1L[1


M1!:10^09XCG/
\Y+-
*&2F,TH@,(HO((?(,<1FZYLA0S2)3(;D&RFI2@9Q]=$OIZB<
M\X!((=*(#*+R'R#'$9I+M\8P:@@UQ.#C(GV,:$E$&I%!9!$Y1)XAGK.T
MB\$SQ`7;-[)'X[B


(*!3\S8Z$<'%:BXA-#D##I!I!$91!:10^09XCG/
M

IPZ3IL=
M:_298G9(2Y0^A)5)`*#JC!*(S*(+*'R#/$)9+6\XV1@OYR'1&;'8`&C%*(
M-*#R)RB#Q#/.=@\G[\?+F.GK`V5@F)V5&N.M/L2&:RNF]9*N;1H!!I1`:1






M##1C4E3


I1\0'G3;?;B$.WSA'E?J-!9`MZ96LN1Z7'J9?;]:6P43Z'X).J
I))9+`R6J2)S:*H\[JQ1%SX2'X;/<+C92<HT-&40V
MH]*VRVW3.7O:SVXK]M/GBO@X]2;8T;\^9Z.I97
VH7J
=O)8U8^;)YG+0!H2


^YY;5/^O'B%MUV0B1'/2KD.E:)RD-@0*00:40&D47D$'F&




7*K*(W(
M(+*('+/$-='^L\WQ@2:SUXQ1[1@$@ATH@
(HO((?(
L9QW\QSE&
X=94+\

MATXR(='U8CFB+U&EZ]%)8I1&9!!91`Z19XC+

])[M!))L2Z/D95:
`HA4@C
M
H@L(H?(
\1SED[RI-7#'1K
C
8W0\=;P1D5ZS@D]
9R?HG*XT8C
H@L(H?(



/;2W([3C\X[/_YZJ[$)


T)\+5]BJKM`*%2,RBPBA\@SQ+68YW[W
MZ'X3$DY0+BR5J#Q&!D0*D49D$%E$#I%GB
LPSQ#OT1`G5/5SCVA`I!!I1`:1

MJT=[M

L?7V[?)SM:;
5U
M0E4V/:(!D4*D$1E$%I%#Y!GB.4M_^[I3VZ.I34A






M*0)QI`@P4@08*0*
%*F94*3E0$^ZJ]U=H@G-3

M`2.Q@)%8P$BLF@FQYMG1[A+]:&;53*'9$^
J1K
'&

$H?&*4/C-('




J6?T+9*:(30
MKTI;);37]&O*5@GM-?WFL%&RHCKT\H]6=6A=UXT2M:4*;T9HE56M/+$EHE

M2K


M2JX7U


MS
_'XTO^1]C`]/WZC_\6````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`1].&D7\'``!%





MS_IQVESJ(MMU2J?C5


M*_;9\[']LWKYM2@?#RVD.P)&2&R]^Q8730X1!3

T#Y224T6+Y
MEJMSK0E7\\0A:E

8!JH]R&%X[)@


MA/F'`XFW/4YP-V\/9?ZTJ:#ZH%`'2B&`;5!MCFB#NZV0`*WT^V40.I'6:G;W

]U)&,1Y2],O)2)EZBL1B
M-7-J+C578(Y/6QNA)Z:+]ZY@(3JD/`4X_S&0%#)_5J0P<)EK15M)F*CN.IM
M)1J2HELR8@53E]



MFS;(


M-ITT'Q0T1(/O0[$/)3Z4

M)%;*I%EMKCGV'*=LA'1.QL^[GS.KF(@2DA+44(*DK2NQ,+N^UTD$FT+IPA



JBV@R*U/
MHTB3I6W!WM@K#E#6YEG[\BD/V/(IJQ





MT]JY+F/
BAH4MY'NH


=UF]KV=DCFQ+GTEN[O?=A=J0XJ=;*1[ZDDI42+[6K7:



M`:

_\9$NGBD.(&S;
=








M'?J:GPM&BQ6V]!U1W`AM&'I*XOF)ZA$$#OKZ)O&B!XVL@^+E%49PI]Z7^!@)
MAWKH
=\VVCX/QZ/19+A=;EX&QL-B?XF/W</#9K7.

M'5QM5XOZ\66W7WY]IKC_B)+EROEN_P#WV\UJOSOL'H[7Y&YH!HHQSX?S(7GZ


MMKC_


M161_]75].)8;[7-PM?I^..ZV_S-6D?5EO(RM%WIU7B;7Z704O\=);)W0JW4R

YP)T;]8N5S0
MUK0LA;DP'?$`[ZS-N!
E`Y(#*840H@D@-I`D)YW6*A:ZGA_C\76W@%P\
M0[0CFF24:WZ*3
4$N#-&
;T$1C(Y.J
N.X`40$H@%1`%I`;2A(0I19(PI4XG

DZ



MFW

M

M9_HQ%V7@3(YH@)1B:AI!#5B!J&N`RZ*'V'#*:&93(8%`28Z;U!Q@RH0*L2


M;&;G.+T-&_X7%9\@

B5ZK1`I[*B6



;
GVZAC[+`)78L$*D$-6(



MY?*F1%0A4HAJ1(U%/4=A73^QC/B8.EB@MXY)L%`=:Q6J8Q`MYF^\06/=D($7
M!MQ4KC/O6?F&;QR%O8'SW#`W/(EDF?TQF;#ZC@U*:7OJTB.=BPHCLU;TO

8?39)+.Y3MKC?=$
M_7$]=9UW^3*M]R2Q6SE$-4:@ISA\9=[*19PC*APR#UZB-)TE(U%8E\[&ITN%
M2&J';+.HVB6C&79ZVQ:YUPH79R^0RA3RX;/

J[3T2@1U7GC+'JR21;&'UODL5Z.+0J3






5PBN-)D]0N4UEY$3EM$M]WOQY%8QK.DLW(9

X0Y8@*16BI%5-J&&):I'TGH`]]FZSUQ//3
M(OV4+4@@L?EEWLJ)EB
J$)6(*D0*48VH88@K)$]!I[?;%



E*^S8T7$GH2EMRP)64KK2G4;@RH2OM
M4T!Y94Q7Z


_:F#^.]IM:7W='^CD:
MJEGI1T;H]X?6]'6(D7ZZ_;#;'=T?-*AA]XM&G_\/``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(
M````(0J




MJ+WWB#I?0F\US


JJ:[/=Q^^OR^WE&AR)-Y/[[K3^PFQN?+-5+F*:Q@GY5

*;A$6V*\&7ITW82]!(H



&DL`2`]$`=%`#!`+Q)6$R4%G


M
G@S=H0
P;OY?
655=JN)D2)`A%1;8Y*




M-8H3P9!&VO.E.%0V

MW2Y+





6H]((=*(



M/%Z$9=S$*%$[(JK-45F9:
6*VWJ
4H@T(H/((G(

MD]7FJQ1R%744X]1I%&9!!91(XA)M%


MPBB%2,RBPBQQ7Z#@?.AM]:'E*RAYW*(M-C!+%(Z+:')65B9ZV.5AE$*D


1166E1D[)M1CE$*D$1E$%I%C


VFB
4H@T(H/((G(

M.2KK
[KOA'J
4H@T(H/((G(


6(7$TV'36

_#E
UU.%E)RE7KE1!J122CGMBDW'7KC?C9+







M:


I$.;!.CQ!V]\&EMCAJ5
M0=0C4H@T(H/((G(


.:?4%X4[2)Z8WTX1^6*
0)KA+_UKUN$(T:<3Z8)LZYN7'
M#E$?$;T$/:RY+:_I0Y#RM4&%_30B@\B^)[MC_;AJQUG7)5K7B/S+S854<JDH
M=<Q+WQVB/N7*9E!AE$9D$%G,Y5@4EZ'F9H\^`RW1RT8DDDNF:2.92'%7'G1


*


MQ7'N=XGN-R)Q$R#777)4FNL.48]((=*(#*+R#'$9?NM+S#?N

M

MK
S8




M16J%!CDB41;BL7N;HW)9A%R%D#U&*40:D4%D$3F&N$32(+]1%NB$5P$5HVD1




:
MPQ4'6B;4
BQ00
N46H857FB944MMW]:+&6E0591:_





MQY]Q^_1/`0```/__`P!02P


`9(
DY_[XK:V5I=]T$TIZ+0WB\^UAZM%JMA&[^^+7?

M[J]_N?FHCC]/+V5Y[@##X73;?3F?7V?]_FGS4N[7IU[U6A[@R5-UW*_/\/7X





NE-PG`XFEQ!`J^KNP.?2#*^GF2$)/#9
MM.3:WHR1`SZ1(^SYD]`+1U?HI.T[@U\-KVYFF2*)/))
.K!]B#N-1AH@)4



M&!FW2Q0!*!I`+)!))K9#QLXKQH;-PFAK2)R\;(-''E(D1)6+2)DBV*P0IL




_
^51N]WPUZ4Q8ON?0IC
\G;5Q*MY5Q:WD555]M*ESU
MOS=!]-9$O;09@=&(I:FYV@2KH7/*90

MQ=(QD5*T&18^GU@DG\@TVTC+A1$50)?X4(NN(G(N`F`
H$*X+/^K)0IZ%J
M




12?21B?6M9

E-32.EBN54&8@2Y]?1%\8

M1#*E$LH

0@4:$!4)N

M;*HW=9\5-JEW-PVL+]M&_F`6P[8?1IP]@5.$F3HCD$_@@NY]/0F8QQPN[M:K

X




^C!'N6IJL[FBWI!








H=5;.'V?71WQCI:NN!+


6ZXF!D4IEY\?=]MNZ






2J&7?#]7
28TOO
P=9;`Y=T-.0R`#K28)!)1**)-0


@GDUY!T`V
M';DOE&K0+Q`*^WGW_'D!E[('P`ED)\ZA6WKF$HH0\B[4LD'E=*QD%`IH0HA
M#.+%,IX(H=QI^D*I?O4H;]=85R(\H?F.:&BL;40+*R$IO^FPY7[*3GI.%


MP'BQF$TC5N]KC]R7^;(.'I*%T!
AF\L2LK)0*J$
(4AO)'$NK0H)E1*J)%?M

MCKXZ?1U\.%



M)90AY!9J:55(J)10);EJS\I?LVK1+UBS





/GWO



MP`^1&O@%P$1==^[;]DQ_P*3&YJ=--_\'``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#/

U+GAM;(Q576_:
M


*B[Z'!
OP(CUI:AXO\OQSQ_W-S.
E*9]15O1LQR_
(5O



RKW2HOOM0
2(


M)ED4OYEUVMUEXL[:0'?L*Y4[WBO4LAHF'7@94$AWE;B%%H




M_V#YO7PFD$8A59.JVZ1-FJ9]/#O&@%6






!1HO&ANF:BL
8<(S8GAV%OUPB9#S6^









K`2R$UY=J9&QC9]2UA)PVTH?ZQAJ\.

$%``&``@````A`%?@7=NJ!```

;/-*]ZPM?W!.OO[



BW-L^3`+7Y=%RSN^





J)T`;3V=7G$I+4-&8]JQ#36.:2(




M.`N2J0)#OR%(U4D9T5?_DMV3N=_'R937L#J1IT`Y`-449`.#F-SLTP_!O*
M7'#ZQ/"EA6/G20


%TP&$_N

M0ZAYS@P@51GT=3FB*V



M&_]7L?D?``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#9TR(+'0


!\%^@_+S'M&19?L!RX#1(
M&Z`%BJ*/

M(-059/7=

M

M

M;':?;!\ZEH

4_LUAW]/';'$)LGD]+L7X9MO_'
MEG\!``#__P


R+GAM;*Q]77/;.++V_:DZ_R&5^W6L;]DUF5.T)%*D

-PGV%IUR-(__D%O
M)&A;&K6#G[@I;F6QEQO_W!I2;RX?_!-]7_-N+MUC]R=UL\Y?[!O6GM?U-M


+/`W`+G%EA8X

K;`Q`*Y!0H+3U06JRP*D%SBPP



M4+?7-8-G+20I.09D`D@.2`'(%)`2D`J04T#.`)D!


M2`7(*2!G@





Y&S8HBLW62*Y92D^Q(8&QH

1QL-:&Q(KW3#$;DVE)'AU
MPYRPLF6HFE+24[G'B90$U;1-#KVFE$0YB=!=13*BQBGI]D+W2$F_=4KZQ'0G


8=MSAEZMDF(





MZ1N&N$JF4M*K2R[$8YZE:HDB%%*1CU.I1R@I5+E)*HIQ$Z,XJ&5+CE*25
MMWU2THF;E/104Y5D4E@E:TC#/U$E:RFQ0NZVZ@#P9A7






@B-K)BSJQYZ8FV$G7D(#:VU(<U#EFJHAUXB

0H#SW&74[E(9(D3H


U9(

=)^I
M5KF'&;8]%ZVOU$-D+&*&\?@%$I8

;2C.K)4;:#^8#`(









M4(70*4)G,T0FB-TCM`H0N$E@A=(K1Z`JA:X36-T@=(O0!B&*5W`D#;F(




H0RIQ:0!FH)#B%&&(9!MJ.)(/#J)B3,O$'BI'%;HV'2_-S*
MDM]@C7*)H2@VX)T?[AVN;MZCGAHS%*472.4L%1NC;QYOI426TRQQ1*A2HD:

MHTN5DAM:(72%T#5#@1_7#!D/F5'E1J6DQ5O4M4&(
LX'A=%O!A_*N%I

$,($A=O(EX@<9DFFE'E$HDKAMQ\2#UD7^API5)BB6O4M1:I:2PF^4W*B6Z
M;E'7!B'*2Q]@)BC
2$-Y68M)`Y27$)N4EXA)*)HFS-!TT=LHHC4Q970[9&

4/QD;R!&6
F2



(B9\70CL

MR-H(2WU'[YK&(P


@[]@S.AM9
M
N'U0HF-K!AJ'NJO6*JV02KOH#]KU2V&N6&(?=?JMH9VWG&+K`U#04!1WOGV


M


MPU#@.LHZKRCP

!9
6=7I?/$V@:IG`/=:]6M



S;&S.T*N%
M#FRVB!F0=4!8
J&AT`%GQ1RR5(




::AUP5LPA2S78X(JE:ANDL@YTKU6W9IV7


M\YOWT3H*'P7PPU6WU;.KIR/JUW9:JF5ES)I=68S98+$G*%@TE$RG=@^ZM?

-Y../A_3`VXQH;6VI#8[$:D9`8S'




M0_GH
8F98;MEDIW6/)$V3JB7(`W52Y2R^D'O#,RU!YEI#O)ND=&;L7C)1B&
MZH?!MOUTDA(.FR-&=I1()&8



M$3
@*]DH:O


M


M5:+N2J4TH!)YZ;O^]FKIY8

M+HR99



MB8AJSR2
0_42M*'Z.FI9?8^Z'S]^447E'FQ#-



GAW


@,H1E<X3.$5H@=('0$J%+A%8(72%TC=`:H1N$;A':($3#`'B-A@'$

$)CA8


H


5
,4M'B6(H8MQBZR#W8[JBD^S?4\Y$ZH!;[0[.1T8:(N@X^9.&QO
MG_D&[</AT/XN?L(RP0)MGF[/#
%$J?2GO_&Q.'!CN-:):JH1(7O
GW.H-NS

L4P40&YF9RAXVE!4)3);)F
UTN54`T5Y&:R$S]






M
!2:P4-1U[OVDP`3UA48*Q?UJJM`:*K$($1X/M=*14*;5
V-78
FYV&UKF
MIVJ\.S1@XX:AT&`
Z4V.F1@OM+7-I'^B4G)'N;2HN@J$IDH
#-8V`WRI4J*^


.`V]'2O*$.DQ)#YD9
3$(/X0FH@N?EUIZCA-CK0H2E
M)4



3AIH_

M/8R/'J*`%)N
1$JA
4(3AF@P%&*.4@54X1*U%5%4K$M[)/$S\45/F`,4@\8
M'?-0,&*I(!K&#$5QY771]WB=ZY.;0#EJ*A:JG(=W/&IEJ7J4+
[/%6DV=OS


?;@;A_\_+XP]:(GO_[K?'EY?';]M_?KF_^WS_Y`1(
M^/?'QQ?Y/Q0X'_Y^?/IS6T9__7\````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`J5E






M/*[A:WDTJFN9QONF47XV!OW^R

M

SN&8P!I]K#/X`F([5J9'J;ZH^GN3$LW9@^-
M07]EZ5O5^5VK3L7;NLSV879)P6W($\G`4U$\D]!@3R1H;*#6JR8#OY7:/CW$
M+^?Z]^+-3[/CJ89TV_!$Y


M9#

'J&I
9;;HF

'

MA@\4



MAB]8L[;./=9L+%*[I
H`WH!%02`O5Z(W[N4:H7V$#AC:;`IB;(^=\5!-$@)O

D46K%5G9K%6;8J63!F^.XU$

M'LN@&[X*S

]-:

MQ
\'+MS#8


M+W-H965T


M.K3MQ1^-FOQ0G+)F6%V*
[S95_4I:^%G_3!J+G61[5BCTW'DV/9T=
K*L\49
M_/H6CFJ_+_
BJ/*G4W%N.4E='+

%*.[+
M8]G^8*36X)3[R



MYC=P&&5949J%!;
#ES00;
_+Z=B9CYXA0')AL\8V1+?82`L:#90V
(&M80F
M$)E`;`*):0*
`)9.FT@]/X/;2@-U4;.:BV!7BQ#JHVTD$T$]B:0&@D0G$

ZU0!1)
M$!)P!'(W70<FXSU2-MV[R5KB#@BA
1=*\'JZJQ)]UZRIBJ'ILW4T.9*I+#1


$I(445BBP



M3+3:565Z9Z\7Q;&JAX!@\'U:M
%5)JP[G0M:8&K:OEK4.4R:K$`M(J#]O8
MIC:DL^HE%E_IV^%E2///\[4E#S$1!&&8@GUW(GD?B=?J./4!:3U[N<%%%6S




U//!\.-1A^X#8(!\[8AF#
MA?
/R

5Y^3[JH7;&_`I
5U4K?\@1MW]W_(G````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`
M63L@!B8&```N&```&0```'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970R-2YX;6RL6%NO
MXC80?J_4_Q#E?2'.!0@5ER2=J56JJIM^YP3`D2'$)3D7/;?=QR/'8_-4HZV
M+X?#E_&7^6;&GL&+S^_5V7DMFK:L+TN7C3S7*2YYO2\OQZ7[U]?TT\QUVBZ[


MQZ-9%(63V?1QEA!9X!-9V
=)X'6]'OA$DMEHRKPX^(`C$^2`3^7(@R$9B_#V



M)-41XC'L$#OJ(U[AW:G

748$Z#67)[06MLI(9F*GD&&9
M74)H)$LH8M/8


S
]



M_
.L,?K@A#2!2&DQ)0W\]YR3'C:$F8

M9`PYV_XUL%`[ZVPH04C_J42L:*Z






M-BYX;6RL6=MNXS80?2_0?S#TOK:HJV7$+F++NJ$%BF+;/BNR'`NQ+4-2DMV_

M%658%Z^G\MPQDJ8\YAV

M4[%(G\]UDS\=8=[?B)

MZ8YT'B&6D?]OS93';E/G\]=G_5[TE9/1\Z6&X79D0GMMA]#\NV`$6!9FJY
ME*FHCS``^#LY5=0:H$C^;6E8T'&UZPY+P_:FKF_:!

MA)5L+SG=V61!B85AV/)*WWD(+`.97FD-$L#-`)SM&#[MY7G^`^S-[!JP6/6
M.(:H$1L107U):4,=V.I`I`.Q#B0ZD.I`-@)F((O4!C;!_Z$-I:':B%FM!3(

D`0A*4*R
:)
'7+8%0]
Z;[M#E7QLJY9.KPBB0W[@.T.
;(2!*$A`R!TXDF'<LDCBKK5MX7K!'BB!&2R%:<55NL
M5-X7K-F80]$&#A]%FRM.Z4?/K$*C51$X

^-H2;GF0WQN'
M$

M(

$M

M*M1SBWBF96GU539NI:A!ZSI%#E;DW7F(]2RJ3`*=9#[TYYK'AJI(D$-'(1





5KR?*7;3HQ%].:7GRW$IS=5!4
@;_N!9:(@:

8Y*
X6@;-1
R5


6Z
.J6[Y6Y6[@ZP`Z



MO8#W?!A_=!:/+(-K1(^$WNEMI=T)G06\'L-4H;N`%TX83]P%O#+.)SQWKJ

US=6XGQW(/
IM]^=BP


M2P
$%``&``@````A`!.Q_;M-```L


MC-1A#1OQP(PM0OUKL_NR;?F:.B*)#_.`SPY&`A

?*9-#\O\6Q'D*TD($G/$



@A3C0F2

1;#Y*))*PL4M(J(TA.D
)@AD)\^#/OL-1;&?I`8M1P
'6O7Z\8@ZF90&!

1%F!=T.F




$Z


M%






MJQE_EGCC$8K]+F[+*B#ED@BC%!0+B











M4H


[V]_/-N6,)Y`U
M31IME&,0(^)'R1*CPL.29D,U,7UKY`2N)&;(Y[B=^F<75T9\=@D(I4RRLN1


MIMI[Q











MHPW5_B4HGB+*!
GU@N/EUHH24JR:+371*4):C99T3UZ
S9
^7JJ]JW?8JOBC
M5HM4!ZRBTV='R:V('07%C
IF[+33:9RJ:YB@4




.WVFK)#YKXA0$4611RSS1\?-3BS;#U:`\%HNJ


MM$!TB6B)Z`K1-:*518&Y;7._2=O67#66=M(F(^(^6PF*+.H(BA$EZ)@BRL11
M




MHRNO[JF16+'\&+4FB*;BZ



W?=
3%FXYXB?)+1%=O.N+U



464B:
SOM++

MEI^5^VVWT.@
LA*W6]A*$C6RR

MHJ$X[I`?B17+CU%K@F@JCJZ\7M@6*Y:?H=8%HKDXNO(J.`NQ8OE+U%HBNA+'
M'?+78L7R*T_+STJS
^*.&/52Q]NF(G9_Q1U(PI9+WSS5YV_


M08)**:*
D8CG+.XNP@8B6)T.1-!=EC
1?.6FQF6YMD4R`.\CBA#%%M'+*1R]

R[ZT`T22`]U6_3%BD\P0A1;M+L52=`Q190A

R2`2]/O/^N
RJJ?[#(;0Z:7?7L3[]=64E82T1G

M2FBUGNH6*J&-0ZI;*-:TYT=UY70=AW5+51.VU4MU`);9)1W4(EM+]%=0N5















])4G9`X5R


]XF?[5]/


M1]U;W=OI@VY_?%
YZ





#`S

1UAVI`E^$BM6S



T`P5$


MD#4A&T*VA.S:1`D);'PD)+K=8SM7^9SN7R89WT.OA
B$]8JO8DP$%D*8A\TR
M9FLH1


MU492^IX(K0G9U*U:TKC7V]I(2N_:0DILH1A48GME$H+WY2QDUFH0!8&/)D!#

M3QJL=D0LE5$K1Y.EUV[A1)!J#F5/(R\9/+*Q-1`RM(NVXTAFBHT]JH#JP@
*J-4;(@?LVAI*
M%.&`2Z

M#4W'Q6%C4/N$R@04A4U#5MB!

MPP^W[(JA288A6JFGLF%S2/4;U#34'32PF;`R7+E\F*ZEH2DT;Z3DZ`.*P@;]
MRP

&=EY5

M
BX!?6#XH0=&TDH\T!T
+%U'#UPHZMS)_'45O^H_)?E3
DV.QZ*SSU[9JRB(



[YVT/^HQ2%
M^T-6PEL_B!F\G(&WO`F\%]%8=?^89:7\`0_NU^^-QW\#``#__P
`4$L#!!0`




.YW
M9YH7G)N^:/1U6;2XPZ=^`G06ZZ@^YJ6UM(!ILSJ6

M65&!_BK16S?Z;707_!:WY?&7LD&@-LP3F8$GC)]):'HD$1;6G9$9^WUCBB



@^7$E')A`VA/R0W3E03TM






.#/F.M;2T6$

G)QBF2

E#302;P.


M_2V*+]GA`+EPSA




+&=+*K';R#M69U=G5U)SK?7





B(2\AWU/R1!L5Y3N:E
`K[
M.)0(B(-

JZI$


MLH58GZ'YH(9=RFPP**1+GP:(4:4$7:5+IH95S&+%DVM6:P?F38.FS.Y)T6AV
MJ$B3J5D\YV@:S9C19B+$S7*.90I#.F*4]QE:*6T%+GU7T'U\^[M@Q-KW9/
M%E5[P!MO9RW46#0$
P273V?]=]CAIRR#-XVS'6*K]-9J-WAF&G+(.'8UX'

04

6QI/X6

82)F5'?G&(J2





`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`A
M
$0/
PMM
Z.D
M98F:G5QBXHR+-X1O*[%0`FBW?R_KNCJC)X_D?7EXOH]JOM-M\@G.J\[4*
\(

$$C_
LQ]_=`$[[/R\

MFW@L,'[YY^S+P```/__`P!02P$+0`4``8`````$`J(;(5L``#U*0``
M$P``````````````````````6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`









M:&5E=#4P+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!5_F4V*`
``$X)```9````````


M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!\/TEKQ`(```L'```9`````````````````+!/``!X



['
G`P``S@@``!D`````

&UL
M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`%V=L40Y!```G`\``!D`````````````````368`


YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`9W)E




M:&5E=#8W+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#M#6&U=P(``+T%```9````````



M-2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`CDF1I+\``![!P``&0``````````````

M(0!


M!@`(````(0BYJ=Q`(``)('```9``````````````````


M$P\``


M%``&``@````A`
[*:H/D`@``5`@``!D`````````````````HZ(!`'AL+W=O





`;NDP$``#(#P``&```````````







M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#PI77LF`(``(0&```9`````````````````%ON`0!X



M+W-H965T
C




T+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#/I9JSE`(``(@&



!P``&0`````````````````8

M=#
W+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!7X%W;J@0``/`0```9````````````

M='


R+GAM;%!+`0(M
M`!0`!@`(````(0H)64A,`8``-(8```9`````````````````)9E`@!X;]W





M965T

``!D`````````

M````$`PO3



M`BT`%``&``@````A`#F\&(#Z!```UA$``!D`````````````````



 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCommitment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasDeliveryCommitmentsAndContractsAxis=BROG_StateNorthDakotaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ProformaOilAndGasExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfExpenseAxis=BROG_RevolvingCreditFacilitiesInterestMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfExpenseAxis=BROG_RevolvingCreditFacilitiesFinanceChargesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfExpenseAxis=BROG_InterestAndCommitmentFeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfExpenseAxis=BROG_AmortizationOfDebtIssuanceCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfExpenseAxis=BROG_RevolvingCreditFacilitiesWarrantCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfExpenseAxis=BROG_CapitalizedInterestMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasExplorationAndProductionIndustriesDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GasAndOilAreaUndevelopedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OilAndGasAcreageAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OilAndGasAcreageSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_AcreageSwap'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_UndevelopedAcreageExpirations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_UndevelopedAgreageExpirationsCarryingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsNoteDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityNoteWarrantsOrRightsTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_SummaryOfActivityOfOutstandingWarrantsTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensation2013'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGrantedOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAveragePriceRiskOptionStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensation2013'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGrantedTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAveragePriceRiskOptionStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensation2013'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGrantedThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAveragePriceRiskOptionStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensation2013'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGrantedFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAveragePriceRiskOptionStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensation2013'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGrantedFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAveragePriceRiskOptionStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensation2013'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGrantedSixMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAveragePriceRiskOptionStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensation2013'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGrantedSevenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAveragePriceRiskOptionStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensation2013'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGrantedEightMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAveragePriceRiskOptionStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensation2013'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGrantedNineMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAveragePriceRiskOptionStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensation2013'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGrantedTenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAveragePriceRiskOptionStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensation2013'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGrantedElevenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAveragePriceRiskOptionStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensation2013'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGrantedTwelveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAveragePriceRiskOptionStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensation2013'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGrantedThirteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAveragePriceRiskOptionStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensation2013'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGrantedFourteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAveragePriceRiskOptionStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensation2013'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGrantedFifteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAveragePriceRiskOptionStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensation2013'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGrantedSixteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAveragePriceRiskOptionStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensation2013'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionContingentConsiderationTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueOfCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=BROG_GrossAmountsOfRecognizedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueOfCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeByNatureAxis=BROG_GrossAmountsOffsetOnBalanceSheetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueOfCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasPropertyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedCostsProvedProperties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedCostsUnprovedProperties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasPropertyFullCostMethodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentOwnedGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToCallOptionsAndWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_TotalVolumeOnOpenCommoditySwaps'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AverageSalesPrices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockOptionPlanExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_RevisionInEstimateOfAssetRetirementObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_LiabilitiesIncurredForNewWellsPlacedInProduction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_LiabilitiesAssumedInAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationAccretionExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=text-align: right; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=text-align: right; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=text-align: right; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=text-align: right; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=width: 2%; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=width: 1%; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=text-align: right; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=text-align: right; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=text-align: right; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=text-align: right; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=text-align: right; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=text-align: right; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=text-align: right; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRightsExercisable'

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C,3(X8F0R,5\T-#ED7S1D9CE?8F5F8U]C,#=E
M8S!E-C4P9&$B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



3(X8F0R
5\T-#ED7S1D9CE?8F5F8U]C
M







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



M3D-%7U-(14544U]087)E;G1H971I8V%L/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R



M965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U1!5$5-14Y44U]/1E]/4$52051)3TY3/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U1!5$5-14Y4
M4U]/1E]35$]#2TA/3$1%4E-?15%5/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H



M/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U1!5$5-14Y44U]/1E]#05-(7T9,3U=3/]X.DYA





T0B5V]R:W-H
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\


O4VAE970Q

M07-S971?4F5T:7)E;65N=%]/8FQI9V%T:6]N/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^.5]&86ER
M7U9A;'5E7V]F7T9I;F%N8VEA;%]);G-T/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^
3%?
#I7;W)K
M<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T



O4VAE970Q.2YH

#I.86UE



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

E]3=6UM87)Y7V]F7U-I9VYI9FEC
M86YT7T%C8V]U


M965T
C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z






&-E



M965T
S`N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z


M(#QX.DYA;64^




\+W@Z3F%M


M968]

#I.86UE/@T*
M(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O4VAE






T0B5V]R:W-H965T





O4VAE






O4VAE970T
#I.86UE/C5?4')O<&5R='E?86YD7T5Q=6EP;65N=%]$971A:3$\+W@Z






T0B5V]R


O4VAE970T-BYH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS







M968]

O4VAE
M970U


M7V]F7T9I;F%N8VEA;%]);G-T




T0B








M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^
3)?

M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^
3-?5V%R





M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^
3-?












M($A2968]






C%?-#0Y
M9%\T9&8Y7V)E9F-?8S`W96
P938U
&1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P-V5C
&4V-3!D



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*


3X\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@



]











]


T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@5'EP93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]


T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@,S$L#0H)3(P
M





]

M86QI9VX]

BTS


]


]

]


T1T;W`^27
@16YT:71Y(&$@5F]L=6YT87)Y($9I

]
T1R

]


]


]





]



T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@1FES8V%L(%!E








C%?
M-#0Y9%\T9&8Y7V)E9F-?8S`W96
P938U

O4VAE970P
M


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M0D%
04Y#12!32$5%5%


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3








]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP
M/C



]

]
T1N=6UP/C4L-S0P+#$W



T1T;W`^061V86YC
M97


M;7`^
2PR






M






]
M

V
2PT


\+W1D/@T*




]
T1N=6UP/C$S.2PP


]

M




]




M='

]
T1N=6UP/C`\

M/D1E8G0@:7-S=6%N8V4@8V]S='

]

BPX.#

]


M




C8R





]
T1N=6UP/C$S.2PP-C4\








]





S
L.#0U

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C8Y+#`V


RPT
C
L


30I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


]
M

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


#`L
#`P


]


M;6UO;B!S=&]C:RP@)#`N



]
T1N
M=6UP/C0W+#DX


]








]
M



M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C,3(X8F0R,5\T-#ED7S1D9CE?8F5F
M8U]C,#=E8S!E-C4P9&$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M8S$R.&)D
C%?-#0Y9%\T9&8Y7V)E9F-?8S`W96
P938U

M='
O4VAE970P
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q

04Y#12!32$5%5%

]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#



]














C`L
M
#`P+#`P





]
T1R





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!P87(@=F%L=64@







#`L




]

M


]

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

C%?-#0Y9%\T9&8Y7V)E9F-?8S`W96
P938U
&1A#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B
M969C7V
P-V5C

#0N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$



@




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]



]


BPX
C




]


M;RUM87)K970@;V8@9&5R:79A=&EV97

]
T1N=6T^*#(Q

]

]








]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
C`S+#4P




]
T1N
M=6UP/C(L.#DQ+#8T



]
T1N=6UP
M/CDL
S4Y+#DU





]
T1N=6UP/CDL




3(L


T1T






M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN=&5R97-T(&EN8V]M93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT






]
T1N=6UP/C
X


]



]
T1R;W4^#0H@






]








]


]






]
M




T1T;W`^3F5T





M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3(X8F0R
5\T-#ED7S1D9CE?8F5F8U]C
M

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O



M3T-+2$]



]
T1T:#Y!
M8V-U;75L871E9`H1&5F:6-I=D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L

M/3-$=&]P/D)E9VEN;FEN9R!86QA;F-E+!A;6]U;G0@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S$L-3@U+#@T


]

N(#


]


]


]


]

]



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K('=A


#@L

3`X+#$Y


]

@=&\@96UP;&]Y965S



L.#$W/'-P86X^



]

]
M

]
M


]

M1&YU;7`^


]
T1N=6UP/C
S+#`W





]


M97

]












M86UO=6YT(&%T($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P


]




M(#
Y+#

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D5N9&EN9R!86QA;F-E+!S:&%R97
@870@1&5C+B`S
M
2P@

]
T1N=6UP/C0W+#DW




M7V
Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P-V5C
&4V-3!D80T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)


M($-!4T@@1DQ/5U

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


@1E)/32!/4$52



U

BPV-3DI/'-P86X^


]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]
T1N=6UP/CDL
S4Y+#DU



T1T;W`^1&5P


]



M8G0@:7-S=6%N8V4@8V]S='




]


]
T1N=6UP/C(Q



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
3`U+#(P
M

]



L

C@L
M

M;7`^
3DY+#8S


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G
@:7-S=65D('1O(&5M



]


M





2PP-#DL
C



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V5T=&QE;65N=!R


BPU
M
#`L



C$L


]


]


M



]
T1N=6T^*#$V


#QS






]
T1N=6UP/C8L
#@U+#


]

]


T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'
@9G)O;2!S86QE





]

@86YD(&1E=F5L;W!M96YT


]
T1N=6T^*#
R+#`R-2PW







]
T1N=6T^*#(S
M+#4R




CDL
30S

M;G5M/B@S
BPS

]
M


]


T1T;W`^061V86YC97

M(&9A8VEL:71I97


#`L

34P+#`P


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$P+#0P



M/D1E8G0@:7-S=6%N8V4@8V]S='




]



M86QI9VX]









]


]


RPT
#$L


2PQ


@

]



]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



2PR
#`L
M

]






]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#`P+#`P
#QS


]



]
T1N=6UP/C@T+#4P



]

M+#0W


M87)T7V
Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P-V5C
&4V-3!D80T*0V]N





]

M





]





T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



M
#M2:61G928C
38P.T]I;8C,38P.R8C,S@[)B,Q-C`[1V%S+8C
38P.TEN

38P.U)I9&=E)B
Q-C`[3VEL)B
Q-C`[)B
S
M.#LF(S$V
#M'87
L)B
Q-C`[26YC+B`H1F]R;65R;'D@06YT934L)B
Q-C`[


#M);F
N(&%N

38P
M.S(P
3`N(%-I;F-E($]C=&]B97(F(S$V
#LR




M:7

@
M87













M









M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S$R.&)D
C%?-#0Y9%\T9&8Y7V)E9F-?8S`W96
P938U
M


M;G0]

2!R




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

]
T1P

]
T1T

]




M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY/=7(@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N
M='




M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

TU,!R97%U:7)E


L(&=E;V=R
M87!H:6
@87)E87

N($%N(&]P97)A=&EN
M9R!S96=M96YT(&ES(&1E9FEN960@87
@82!C;VUP;VYE;G0@;V8@86X@96YT




M;VX@:7


@87

@









@86YD(&QI


@86YD

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97








M:7



'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`M


M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SY#87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S(&EN8VQU9&4@;6]N97D@;6%R:V5T(&%C
M8V]U;G1S#0IW:&EC:!H879E(&UA='5R:71I97
@;V8@=&AR964@;6]N=&AS





@;6%R:V5T('9A;'5E

M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M





38P




Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


7!T)SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


B4G/B8C

M

24G/B8C

T0G

3$R+#





M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C






M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
3


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M)SXF(S$V


C5P=!D;W5B;&4G/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT




#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




&-E<W






M=&EO;@T**$9$24

M)#4P



M;&EM:71S(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[


M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


@:6X@=&AE(&1R







M('=I=&AI;B`Q



M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M=6%N8V4@0V]S='

#L@=&5X


38P.S


38P.S



38P.S

M='
@87)E#0IR96UO=F5D(&9R;VT@=&AE(')E;&%T960@86-C;W5N='
@86YD


@3F5W(%)O


@9F]R('=E8G-I=&4@9&5V96QO

@

@
S4P+34P)B




#L@=&5X

#L\


Q



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`@
`P(#`N-6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS








M9'1H.B`Q


M:6XG/B8C


M=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[







T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@9&5F97)R




@
M9F]R('=H:6-H(&ET(&1O97





M:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N='

M;CH@



M;&4@86YD(&%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97


N)B
Q-C`[5&AE($-O


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#AP



@







@;F]T(')E8V]G;FEZ960@86YY(&EM


CDL
3
X(&%N




M87









M;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C












M


M87


S


M='





@87-S;V-I871E9`T*


M;F0F(S$V
#LR





#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


@16YD960@1&5C96UB
M97(@





6QE/3-$


M;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXR,#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@





T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#(E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G
M/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3
E.R!T97AT+6%L

T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXQ,S<L-3`Y/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

7!T)SY#87!I=&%L





38P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





M:6YD96YT.B`Q

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




M(S$V

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N




M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





@



M)B
Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[


#(F(S$V
#MN970@86-R97

M=FED=6%L('=E;&P@8F]R97

M
3@Y)B




Z(&EN=&5N









N(%1H92!C



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E
'0M:6YD


#L@






@87

M:6YG(&5C;VYO;6EC(&-O;F1I=&EO;G


@97AC
M;'5D97


Q
M-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q-!A;F0F(S$V,#LR,#$S+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN




L('1H



M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


L('=E#0ID97!E;F0@;VX@;W5R(&1R:6QL




@;W5R(')E


@9F]R(&1R:6QL:6YG(&-O


38P.S
Q



Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q
M-C`[
C`Q-!A;F0F(S$V,#LR,#$S+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN($%S(&]F($1E
M8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q-`T*86YD)B
Q-C`[
C`Q
RP@=V4@


#LR

#L@=&5X

#L\


30W.T504R8C

M(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97








@3F5W



#L@=&5X

#M4

M;R!C86QC=6QA=&4@8F%S:6
@15!3(&%N9!D:6QU=&5D($504R!F;W(@=&AE
M('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B,Q-C`[,S$L)B,Q-C`[,C`Q-!A;F0@
M
C`Q







M



@16YD960@1&5C96UB97(@


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D





38P.SPO=&0^#0H@




M

34P.R!B87-I


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF
M(S$V



'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG/E!L
M=7,Z(%!O=&5N=&EA;&QY(&1I;'5T:79E(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97,Z/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@
3

38P


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R


34P.R!D


M



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

38P.SPO

M)B

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X



@3F5W(%)O






#
L
C`Y(&%S
M(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q-`T*86YD)B
Q-C`[
C`Q
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M4T
@-S$X+3$P+3

M;7!L;WEE97

M(&]P=&EO;G



@;F\@;&]N9V5R(&%N(&%L=&5R;F%T:79E+B!!
M;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@;V8@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=65S(&]F('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO
M;G

M960@)#4W.PY,3D-F%N9`D-C0S+#@Q-R!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D
M($1E8V5M8F5R)B,Q-C`[,S$L)B,Q-C`[,C`Q-!A;F0F(S$V
#LR

@;W!T



N(%1R96%S=7)Y('-E8W5R:71I97







Q-C`[.2PF(S$V
#LR
#$P+`T*=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@861O


'!E8W1E9!T;R!B92!T86ME;@T*:6X@82!T87@@<F5T=7)N+B!4:&5S
M92!S=&%N9&%R9'




M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97










N





M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@







#$T('=I=&@@969F96-T:79E(&1A=&5S('-U

#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR
#$T+B!792!H

#$U(&%N


@=VAE;B!A9&]P=&5D+CPO



@


M8G5T(&YO=!L:6UI=&5D('1O+!S=&%N9&%R9'


M;B!F:6YA;&EZ960L(&%T('1H:7
-G1I;64@=V4@87)E(&YO=!A8FQE('1O

M97AT4&%R=%]C
3(X8F0R
5\T-#ED7S1D9CE?8F5F8U]C
#=E8S!E-C4P9&$-








]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#


]
T1R



Q-C`[
M
3
L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q






@;VX@






M97



M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M





S(\+V9O


M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

Q-C`[

T0G9F]N



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


M(S$V





T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V






T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O
6QE/3-$)W9E



7!T.R!F;VYT.B`X



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97





@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M='1O;3H@










T0G



M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M1D9#0SL@9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS





M

M)B



`P(#`@,XR-6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@



#L@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N


M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

@9F]R('1H92!Y

38P.S(P
30@86YD)B
Q
M-C`[
C`Q

M(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G





@;V8@;W!E

M97


@=&AA=!W;W5L9!H879E(&)E96X@86-H:65V






M)B


M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M/B8C

B!S='EL







Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M5&EM97

3
\+V9O


M)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R)3L@9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97,L(%-E<FEF)SX\9F]N=!S


M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

M5&EM97




M5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M;&4]


T0G9F]N




RPU
3$L


M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M;&4]





R
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


#L\+V9O;G0^



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M97

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C






T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F;VYT.B`X<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

M


F4Z(#AP
M=<^0F%S:6


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@









T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N


Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P-V5C
&4V-3!D



]
T1R97!O




]



M



]







T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M9SH@
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M8VEN9SH@



M:6-E('-P86-E(&]N(&$@;6]N=&@@=&\@;6]N=&@@8F%S:7






38P.S

M=F4@3F]V96UB97(F(S$V
#LQ-2PF(S$V
#LR


R8C
38P.W-Q=6%R92!F965T(&]F(&]F9FEC92!S





M
BPQ

M3F]V96UB97(F(S$V
#LQ-2PF(S$V
#LR
#$S#0IT;R!/8W1O8F5R)B
Q-C`[
M
S$L)B
Q-C`[

@;V8@)#$Q
M-R!P97(@;6]N=&@@8F5G:6YN:6YG($YO=F5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
2PF(S$V
#LR
M

S`P(&%N


C%?-#0Y9%\T9&8Y7V)E9F-?8S`W96
P
M938U
&1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q
CAB9#(Q
M7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P-V5C

M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\

$5



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\



]



38P.S

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



#`E

M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/D1E
M8V5M8F5R(#




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C(P
30\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V



38P.SPO=&0^



24G/B8C
38P.SPO

M
24G/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
M


'0M:6YD96YT.B`Y<'0G/D5V86QU871E
M9!C;W-T<SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B0\

3$R
M+#0Q.PQ,#4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

V
2PT






38P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

3$S+#`P.2PR
C8\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V


M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R




7!T)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T


M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C



7!T)SXF(S$V
M






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N



M


M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M-7!T)SXF(S$V


C5P=!D;W5B;&4G/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@




M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M=W



M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




M



T0R


Q


M='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

\

24G/B8C
38P



L
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B

M;&4]





CDL
3




7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@





RPW
CDL
M

C%?-#0Y9%\T9&8Y
M7V)E9F-?8S`W96
P938U
&1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V
Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P-V5C
&4V-3!D82]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5


T0Q


#$T/&)R/CPO



]


M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG


M:6P@=V5L;'

#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR
M

M;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L97
@9&\@;F]T(&EN8VQU9&4@=V5L;'
@:6X@=VAI8V@@



M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@




Q-C`[



M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]






7!T)SXF
M(S$V


\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
M





M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
S4E)SY.;W)T:!$86MO=&$\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
B4G/B8C




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D


M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@



M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SY-;VYT86YA/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D





T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M
7!T)SXF(S$V



M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
M







M9&]U8FQE.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M

M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N



M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

38P.SPO=&0^

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I

M5&EM97


N
M($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[

`T*86YD(#$T+#
P
8C,38P.VYE=!A

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



38P.S(P
3










'0M86QI9VXZ



7!T)SXF
M(S$V


C`Q


M)B



M:#H@
24G/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXD


R+#`R-2PW




M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



M
RPX



M-3
L.#`Q/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO


BPV
3@L



#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

BPR
3@L
M
C












T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O





M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


S(L




Y+#8V-PQ,3@\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@






M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\=3XR








6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\=3XR






T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q-C`[



3
L(&EN


RPU-S$F(S$V

M)B


M;WAI;6%T96QY(0R-PV.3
L

@3F5W


C`Q




0T*,3@Y)B,Q-C`[
M;F5T(&UI;F5R86P@86-R97,@;V8@;VEL(&%N9!G87

M;B!.;W)T:!$86MO=&$@9F]R('1O=&%L('!R;V-E961S(&]F(0V
#@L
S@W


@

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#AP=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL(%1I;65S
M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\=3XR
M

M)B
Q-C`[86-R97



B8C


M97


30@86YD(#(P
3

M(&]F(0V+#$Y.PQ-C
@86YD(0X,S,L.#@T+!R97-P96-T:79E;'D@=&AA


M;WAI;6%T96QY(#$L






M4&%R=%]C
3(X8F0R
5\T-#ED7S1D9CE?8F5F8U]C








3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

]
T1P


]


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


TR
M,TR-2P@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@82!L:6%B:6QI='D@9F]R(&%N(&%S



@:7


@


M92!#;VUP86YY)B


@;V8@1D%30B!!4T


@96YD960-D1E8V5M8F5R)B,Q-C`[,S$L)B,Q-C`[,C`Q-!A;F0F
M(S$V
#LR

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

@

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@




Q-C`[

7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@


C`Q
SPO=&0^#0H@



M:61T:#H@


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@,24G/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3(E

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

M

3%P



M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M




M)B

M;&4]

M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V


M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T9&0T,G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE

7!T)SY


MB`@(`\=&0^)B


34P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

RPV-3$\+W1D













M(&)L86-K(#(N


M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M(&)L86-K(#(N


M-7!T)SXF(S$V

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F
M.5]B969C7V
P-V5C






]

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^


M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@



]

@1&ES


]

M='






30W.TQO


30W.TQO

N)B
Q




M;CH@

M)SXF(S$V










T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M='D@97AC:&%N9V5S+!W:71H(&-R=61E(&]I;!D97)I=F%T:79E('-E='1L


M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M('=I9'1H.B`Q


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

B!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@,7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^





38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


MB`@(`\=&0^)B



M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

M








3


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D




M

2P@
C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XD/]T9#X-B`@


34@)B
Q-3`[($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q
M+`R,#$U/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B




#$U/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

P+#`P
#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


M;&4]

2P@
C`Q-B`F(S$U
#L@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
38\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

#`P/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

XS-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T


M

M


M(S$V

M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L93X-CQP

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

M/3-$

M




M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

B!S='EL
M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C


38P


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@



M:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M)B


#L\



M;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

M/3-$

7!T
M)SXF(S$V


M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

M

M(#$L(#(P
34@)B
Q-3`[($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$U/]T9#X-B`@(`\

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q

#`\+W1D





M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V


Q

24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


M+`R,#$V(8C
34P.R!*=6YE(#
P+`R,#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q

M

M



#`O)#@Y+C4P/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/DY9
M3458/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B




M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^665A


M





38P




Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


7!T)SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M=&EV97

B4G/B8C
38P.SPO

M
24G/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
M



38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M

7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N



T0G

7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL






M(#(N-7!T)SXF(S$V


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXU



L-#@R


M9VAT)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V

M=&0^)B


M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V

M)B



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

38P.SPO=&0^









M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


M.B`R


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9RUL969T.B`R


38P


M5&EM97



M05-5($YO(#(P
3$M
3$L)B
Q-C`[/&D^0F%L86YC92!3:&5E=`H5&]P:6,-
MC(Q




M97

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M871I=F4@:6YS=')U;65N='







38P.SPO


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E





38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,!S

M;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

#$S/]T9#X-B`@



M97(G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C

#L\

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\

B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97(G/D=R;W-S/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SYA;6]U;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@8V]L

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SYA;6]U;G1S
M(&]F/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SYA;6]U;G1S(&]F/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N
M=&5R)SYO9F9S970\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^;VX@8F%L86YC93PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^
M;VX@8F%L86YC93PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^;VX@8F%L86YC
M93PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&-E;G1E<B<^;VX@8F%L86YC93PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

MB`@(`\=&0^)B


M/B8C




M

M=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SYS:&5E=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T





\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V


M='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O

M+#$U


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@




#L\+W1D/@T*

M(#(N



T0G

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B




M
T0Q


M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C;VQS


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/D1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S/]T


M;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\

B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97(G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C;VQS

B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/DYE=#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^3F5T/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B


M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/D=R;W-S/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M;6]U;G1S(&]F/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^


M(&]F/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SYO9F9S970\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

B!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/FQI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SYA
M;6]U;G1S(&]F/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SYO9F9S970\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\



B!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/G)E8V]G;FEZ960\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

M(&)A;&%N8V4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V

B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/F]N(&)A;&%N8V4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M

M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97(G/F]N(&)A;&%N8V4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*









M86X]





M/B8C




M






Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@


M-7!T)SXF(S$V







M



M(')I9VAT)SXF(S$U



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@

Y-BPU-S
\

BXU



M86-K(#(N





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T

M

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B


M;F4@:71E;7

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SY$96-E





M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXR



M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C


T0G



M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]














M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT




38P





M0T9&0T
G/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

38P

\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-3`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@








M(')I9VAT)SXF(S$U
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

M




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T




M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M



RPV-S8\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M8S$R.&)D
C%?-#0Y9%\T9&8Y7V)E9F-?8S`W96
P938U
&1A#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B969C
M7V
P-V5C

34N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M
$5

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

]
M


]


]

M26YS=')U;65N='


38P.S(P
3`N(%5N9&5R($9!4T(@05-#(#@R
M






@.#(P
M+3$P+34P(&1E=&%I;'







M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#`@

M96P@







`P(#`@,S`N-G!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C





M=&5R97-T(')A=&5S+!Y:65L9!C=7)V97
L#0IE=&



M;VX@;W(@;W1H97(@;65A;G


`P(#`@,S`N-G!T.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
38P.SPO




M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






38P.S(P
30@
M86YD)B
Q-C`[
C`Q






Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C



S$L(#(P

T0G



M;&4]



M

M;&4]

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

F4Z(#AP
M=<^3&5V96P@
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@
6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`Q

#L\+V9O




T0G9F]N






M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S









M93TS1=W:61T:#H@-#DE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL


B4G/CQF;VYT('-T

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3

CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





M

T0G

M



M





T0G

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\


M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$U

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G

#L\+V9O;G0^



T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

34P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR
M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V



Q

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA
M8VL@





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@






6QE









M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
















Q



M/B8C




#

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0G

#L\+V9O;G0^



7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I







M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@0FQA8VL@







Q-3`[


M
#0L
C4U+#(P-DG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

M



M;&4]

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M+#8X
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@









6QE/3-$)V9O

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V


7!T)SXF
M(S$V


T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT




M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V




M;'-P86X]

M)SY






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/DQE=F5L(#
\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,B4G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


#L\

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M/B8C
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B




T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T

2PQ-3`L



T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T

Q-3`[

M)B




2PQ-3`L


Q-C`[


M(S$U
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V



M;G0Z(#

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



3%P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
M



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B




\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@



M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG

#L\+W1D/@T*

M

7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M/C
P+#4U-BPS
#$\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O









T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T
M)SXF(S$V

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT




7!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M




M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C


M-7!T)SXF(S$V







M(S$V



M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXH


M86-K(#(N


M/B8C






@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
M
#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR


M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY

38P.S

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S$R.&)D
C%?-#0Y9%\T9&8Y7V)E9F-?
M8S`W96
P938U

O4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

T0Q/C$R


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^





M8VEL:71I97


'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;VUP86YY+`T*87

#LR
#$S(&%N9!A
M;65N9&UE;G1S('1H97)E=&\@9&%T960@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V,#LQ,RPF(S$V
M,#LR,#$S+`T*36%R8V@F(S$V,#LR-PF(S$V
#LR

38P

38P.S(P
30L
M(&%N9!-87)C:8C
38P.S

M*2!W:71H($-A9&5N8V4@0F%N:RP@3BY!+B`H)B

30X

M:71Y)B



M86P@86UO=6YT(&]F(0U,8C
38P.VUI;&QI;VX@:7
@879A:6QA8FQE(&9R
M;VT@=&EM92!T;R!T:6UE(AI*2!F;W(@9&ER96-T(&EN=F5S=&UE;G0@:6X@
M;VEL(&%N9!G87





M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#!P=`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS





@;&5N9&EN9R!P



M
38P.S(P
30L(&%N9!S=6)S97%U96YT;'D-F%M96YD960@=&\@)#
T)B
Q
M-C`[;6EL;&EO;B!O;B!-87)C:8C,38P.S,P+8C
38P.S(P
34N(%-U8FIE


M9G5N9'

C4P+#`P


30V.W

M(&)A;&%N8V4@;V8@86YY#0IB;W)R;W=I;F=S('5N9&5R('1H92!396YI;W(@






N
#`E('1O(#


@9&%Y








T0G9F]N=#H@






38P.S(P
38L('=A

38P.S(P



M;&]A;G

Q-#8[

M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B


M;&4]



R8C
38P

M06=R965M96YT(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q-`T*
M86YD)B
Q-C`[
C`Q








:65N($-R961I=!!
M9W)E96UE;G0@9&%T960@075G=7-T)B,Q-C`[.PF(S$V
#LR
#$S(&%N9!A
M;65N9&UE;G1S('1H97)E=&\@9&%T960@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V,#LQ,RPF(S$V
M,#LR,#$S+`T*36%R8V@F(S$V,#LR-PF(S$V
#LR

38P

38P.S(P
30L
M(&%N9!-87)C:8C
38P.S

2!-86YA9V5M96YT+!







M;&4]



Q-C`[;6EL;&EO;BP@=VAI8V@@=V%S


P)B











@4V-R965N#0I
24)/4B`P

3HP
!A+FTN(A


2!I<R!A;'-O(')E







T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M



M;CH@



Q-C`[
S`L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q-RX@57!O

Q-#8[('=R:71T96X@


@




M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B

L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!B=70@;F]T


30V.W

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6XZ(#!P=`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@





38P.SDL)B
Q-C`[
C`Q
R!A=!W:&EC:!T:6UE

PP,#`L(&YE=!O9@T*82`D
S`P+#`P





PP,#`L(&YE=!O9B`D
S`P+#`P

L#0IT:')O=6=H($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
M
S$L)B
Q-C`[

38P.S(P
M
3







M97)S(&AA=F4@96YT97)E9!I;G1O(&%N($EN=&5R8W)E9&ET;W(@06=R965M
M96YT(&1A=&5D($%U9W5S=8C
38P.S@L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q


L(&]B;&EG




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

@




M:71I97



38P.S

M
#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR

#LS
PF(S$V
M,#LR,#$U+!A;F0@


38P.S
P+8C,38P.S(P,34L(&%N9`P+C@P('1O
M(#$N

38P.S
Q

L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!D96)T(&9A8VEL:71Y(&%V86EL

@9&5F:6YE9!I;B!T:&4@4V5N:6]R($-R961I=!!9W)E
M96UE;G0L(')A=&EO(&]F(#
N-S4@=&\@
2XP
!F;W(@=&AE('%U87)T97(@
M96YD960@36%R8V@F(S$V,#LS,2PF(S$V,#LR,#$T+`T*-XR-2!T;R`Q+C`P

@96YD960@2G5N928C
38P.S

38P.S(P
30L(#0N
#`@=&\@
M
2XP
!F;W(@=&AE('%U87)T97(@96YD960-D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L
M)B
Q-C`[
C`Q-P@=V%S('=A:79E9!F;W(@=&AE('%U87)T97(@96YD960@
M36%R8V@F(S$V
#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR
#$U+!A;F0@,RXU,!T;R`Q+C`P(&9O

@96YD:6YG#0I*=6YE)B
Q-C`[
S`L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q
M-2!A;F0@4V5P=&5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S`L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q-2P@86YD(#
N-C4@
M=&\@
2XP
!F;W(@=&AE('%U87)T97(@96YD:6YG($1E8V5M8F5R)B,Q-C`[
M,S$L)B,Q-C`[,C`Q-2P-F%N9`S+C4P('1O(#$N,#`@9F]R('1H92!Q=6%R
M=&5R(&5N9&EN9R!-87)C:8C
38P.S



@=&AE($-O



38P.S
P+8C,38P.S(P,30L(#`N-S`@=&\-
MC$N

Q-C`[
M
S`L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q-!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V,#LS,2PF(S$V,#LR,#$T
M+!W87

M
#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR
#$U+`T*86YD(#`N.#`@=&\@
2XP
!F;W(@=&AE('%U
M87)T97(@96YD:6YG($IU;F4F(S$V,#LS,PF(S$V
#LR
#$U+!A;F0@,XW
M

38P.S(P
34@86YD


M:79A;&5N='


#`@9F]R('1H92!Q=6%R=&5R(&5N9&EN9R!-87)C
M:8C,38P.S,Q+8C
38P.S(P
30L(#0N
C4@=&\@
2XP

38P.S(P
30@86YD(%-E

38P.S
P+8C,38P.S(P,30L(#0N,#`@=&\@,2XP,!F;W(@
M=&AE('%U87)T97(@96YD:6YG($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q

38P.S(P

38P.S(P
34@86YD#0I3
M97!T96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
PF(S$V,#LR,#$U+!A;F0@
RXV-2!T;R`Q+C`P

#LS
2PF(S$V
M
#LR


Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[








38P.S(P

T0G9F]N=#H@


M

'!T(#`[('1E
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@






M(S$V
#LR
#$X+@T*4')O8V5E9'
@9G)O;2!T:&4@;&]A;B!W97)E(&%L;&]C



BPT-S




M97
@;VX@2G5N928C
38P.S

M
C@L

M
38P.S(P
3

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

T0G





#LR

3$


M;VX@4V5P=&5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[-2PF(S$V
#LR

38P.S(P
3(@=VET:!A;B!!;65N9&5D(&%N9!297-T871E

M=&EV96QY('1H92`F(S$T-SM$;W5G:&5R='D@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y)B
Q



T0G9F]N

M)B
Q-C`[;6EL;&EO;BP@;V8@=VAI8V@@)#$V+C4F(S$V
#MM:6QL:6]N('=A

38P.S(P
34N($EN


#`F(S$V
#MS:&%R97
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M8F5R)B
Q-C`[.2PF(S$V
#LR


@9G)O;2!T:&4@4W5B

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#!P=`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S



T0G9F]N=#H@




M(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[






M
3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

Q+#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX\9F]N




Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


7!T('-O;&ED)SX\








#0L
M
C4U+#(P-DG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-C8E.R!T97AT


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


#`\

Q-C`[






M




M(S$V





38P.SPO



C`L
#`P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR

T0G






38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

2PS




38P






T0G9F]N



M;&4]












M9&5B='




L.3`W
M+#`X-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


M


38P.SPO

S+#(P
2PX.#
\+V9O;G0^

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




F4Z(#AP=<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@

M;&4]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B

M.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T


Q-C`[



M*#(L

M='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


M8VEL:71I97


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]



38P.SPO



S`L-34V+#
P
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR

T0G


M)SY
97-S.B!C=7)R96YT(&UA='5R:71I97

T0G9F]N

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA
M8VL@

34P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\



#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@














M;&4]


T0G9F]N





M

M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[



2PX


M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

#L\



T0G9F]N=#H@


38P




-F]F(0R.2XT)B
Q-C`[;6EL;&EO;B!W97)E(')E
M8V5I=F5D(&9R;VT@;W5R(0S,8C
38P.VUI;&QI;VX@:6X@861V86YC97
@



M:70@9F%C:6QI='DL('=H:6-H(&UA='5R97
@;VX@2G5N928C
38P.S


M
38P.S







@;V8@:6YT97)E

Q-C`[
M
S$L)B
Q-C`[

T0G9F]N=#H@


M

M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I
F4Z(#AP=<^
M)B




M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




3

3`U+#(P
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





T0G9F]N

T0G=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)W=I

T0G9F]N


M:71I97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

M/C(X+#
V
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR
#0I)SX-


M;&4]




L-#4S+#





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

M/C$L
#DR+#
W
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N





F4Z(#AP
M=<^)B

M








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

P
M-RPX


38P.SPO9F]N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

7!T)SX\



38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!
6QE





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N


M.'!T)SXF(S$U

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@




T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


C

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@









Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T
M.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P-V5C







]


M86X]

#$T





G($5Q=6ET







#L\+W`^#0H-



M5&EM97


#`L
#`P+#`P








3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

]
M


M/3-$=&]P/DYO=&4@


@3F5W(%)O



M
#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M



7!T('-O;&ED)SXF
M(S$V








T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G8F]R9&5R+71O

7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/D)L86-K
M+5-C:&]L97



7!T('-O



T0G8F]R9&5R

7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S





#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M/F]F/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SY3=')I:V4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/FEN/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT

T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SY&86ER/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



MB`@(`\=&0^)B






T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/D]P
M=&EO;G


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T
M)SXF(S$V



M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V




M





Q





T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T
M)SXF(S$V



M)B

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\

Q-C`[


24G
M/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M)SXF(S$V



24G/B8C


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C







24G/B8C

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N
M=&5R)SXQ,B\R,B\Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


38P.SPO


PP,#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XD/]T9#X-B`@

C@P/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

#PO=&0^#0H@


'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^
3DX)3PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

XR,C,W/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@


M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B

M:'0G/C0T/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q

M

M


M(#QT9#XF(S$V


M
PP,#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

C@P/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^-3PO=&0^



XR,C,W/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B






T0G=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXQ,B\R,B\Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



38P.SPO=&0^

XR.#`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M8V5N=&5R)SXU/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXP+C(R,S<\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V

\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V



M
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXQ,B\R,B\Q-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C

M)B

M;&4]

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B0\

XR
M.#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C$P

T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXU/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)#PO=&0^#0H@


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

3
\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT


G/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C$R+S(R+S$T
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^16UP;&]Y964\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C4\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97(G/C$Y.4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V



M9VAT)SXR+#8X-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M(S$U


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^16UP;&]Y964\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


C@P/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^



XR,C,W/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

T0G=&5X

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B




M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXQ
B\X+S$T/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T


7!T.R!T97AT

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@


XS-S0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97(G/C$P/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXU/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B

M=&5R)SXR
#(E/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

W
CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M

M=VAI=&4G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G
M/C$R+S@O,30\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M


#`L
#`P/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

W
M-#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^,3`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C(P,B4\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V



\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

34P.SPO=&0^#0H@


B\X+S$T

T0G



38P.SPO=&0^

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXQ
#`L
#`P/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

W-#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^,3`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97(G/C4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C(P,B4\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V

M;&4]

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^
3(O


PP,#`\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

M/C`N

Q

M)SXQ


M
3DS)3PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B0\+W1D

XR.3DY
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*



M+S$P+S$T/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^16UP
M;&]Y964\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M

M

Q


CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^,3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C4\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C$Q-B4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXQ.PV,SD\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

2PY-S8\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


2\S

M



T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M
7!T)SXF(S$V




XV,S`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXQ


7!T
M)SXF(S$V





38P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


Q


Q-C`[

G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SXF(S$V



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L



M(#(N-7!T)SXF(S$V






M;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SXF(S$V


M='1O;3H@


M

M=&]M.B`R+C5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

38P


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


C5P=!D;W5B
M;&4G/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

M(#(N


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O

Q
M
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M(&)L86-K(#(N

BXU





38P.S

@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M

#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D


M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

#L\+W1D


M/3-$-!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/D)L86-K+5-C:&]L
M97

M(&-O;'-P86X]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^5&]T
M86P\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\


#L\+W1D/@T*



M


M9CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&-E;G1E<B<^4W1R:6ME/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SYI;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^5&5R;2!I;CPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^4F5C;V=N:7IE9#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^
M4F5C;V=N:7IE9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT






T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T
M)SXF(S$V






T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M




T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M
7!T)SXF(S$V




Q

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V







M9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SYI;B`R,#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

M


3(O
3(O
3

M.B`Q

3%P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
7!T
M)SY+96YN971H($1E0W5B96QL:7

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S






T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

24G/B8C
38P
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)2<^)B
Q




M)B

24G/B0\+W1D/@T*

24G/B8C
M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXD/]T9#X-B`@

M-PT,S$\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C
38P


M;&4]
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXQ,B\Q,B\Q,SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C


#`L
#`P
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXP+C8U/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B

M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXQ
#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


3$W)3PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@




#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

C(L-S`P/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



M8V5N=&5R)SXQ
B\Q
B\Q

3%P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E
M;G0Z(TQ


PP,#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XD

M-C4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C$P
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B




M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

30Q+#@V-3PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXR.PS-S(\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*




#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M16UP;&]Y964\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V


#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^,3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C4\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C$Q-R4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\


38P.SPO=&0^

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXY.2PS
#8\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B


#
T/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\


T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXQ,B\Q,B\Q,SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P

M


#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XD/]T



T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXU/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

MB`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B


V/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\


M/'1D/B8C


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXQ,B\Q,B\Q,SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


PP
M,#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C$P/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M9VAT)SXP+C4V-S4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V

M9#XF(S$V

M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V



86AT:2P@1&ER96-T;W(\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

3`P+#`P
#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^,3`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C$Q-R4\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V



M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

3PO=&0^#0H@


B\Q
B\Q
M


3%P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ


T0G=&5X

#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C$P/]T9#X-B`@

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXU/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



M9#XF(S$V

M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B

M:'0G/C$Q+#
T.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXU.3$\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@<W1Y;&4],T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@=VAI=&4G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C$R+S$R+S$S/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B

M/B8C


Q

M
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXQ,#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^
M-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^,3$W)3PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


2PS-#@\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT


G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C$P+S,P+S$S/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q

M)B

M;&4]

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B0\

XV
M,SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^
3`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C$Q-4\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V



PX.#8\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

BPQ-S8\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@




M

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B0\+W1D

XV-#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^
3`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C$Q-4\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XD/]T9#X-B`@(`\


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B




T0G



Q-C`[

M+#4P
#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^,3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C4\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V


38P.R8C


38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

38P.SPO


M(S$V

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

#`P/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M+C4V/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

M


3$P
M)3PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B0\+W1D/@T*

Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[
XT-S(U/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M8V5N=&5R)SXP,2\R-\Q

3%P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E
M;G0Z(TQ


#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C$P

T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXU/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

3`E
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)#PO=&0^#0H@

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M)SXQ-PU,30\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@




7!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N


#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XD/]T9#X-



T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXU/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B



PQ,38\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G=F5R


#$O
C0O
3
\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M+!#14\\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M
7!T)SXF(S$V



PP,#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M:'0G/C`N-38\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C$P/]T




M








C4\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

38P.SPO=&0^



38P


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
M

7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O







M





#L\+W1D





M



#L\+W1D/@T*

T0G

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


M;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SXF(S$V


M)SXF(S$V

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@



M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


M:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q

Q-C`[



M;CH@

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

@3F5W(%)O


T0G=VED

T0G=VED=&@Z

38P
M.S(P
3

M



#`@8V]M



38P






M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M($%U9W5S=8C,38P.S@L)B,Q-C`[,C`Q-P@82!T;W1A;!O9B`R-PP
#`-





M97(F(S$V
#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR

@3F5W





#LR





M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`P

T0G

Q-C`[

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\





38P.SPO

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M,C`E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


#L\




34E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SY3:&%R97,\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/D%V97)A9V4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/E=E:6=H
M=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT

M.B!C96YT97(G/B8C



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N
M=&5R)SY!=F5R86=E/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

T0G=&5X


M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/E)A;F=E(&]F/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B





M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G
M/D]P=&EO;G,\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/D5X97)C:7-E/]T9#X\+W1R

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
M







#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M/'1D/B8C

38P.SPO=&0^
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)#`N-38\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C,L,3$T+#4P,3PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M

@3F5W



M+6EN9&5N=#H@

M:6YG/3-$


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


S$L/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B

2P\+W1D/@T*
'0M86QI


M86X]

M



M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

M
'0M


24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M)B

24G/B8C
38P.SPO





38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY6;VQA=&EL:71Y
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXQ
30E/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\

M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L




M;'


@96UP;&]Y964@

@96YD960@1&5C96UB
M97(F(S$V
#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR



#L@

M
#LF(S$V



M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`X


T0G=&5X

Q-C`[

M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

B!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/E=E:6=H=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B

M=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M

38P.SPO




M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
M97(G/D5X97)C:7-E/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*





M

M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-&1D-#)SX-B`@(`\=&0@


24G/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z




XU.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D



M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

34P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG
M/D]P=&EO;G,@8V%N8V5L;&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M960\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\

BPV

Q

M

M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


M9GDG/D]P=&EO;G




#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\


M/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG/D)A;&%N8V4L
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M0T

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


M;&4]




M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T9&0T,G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

R+#4P
#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M)SXP+C
V/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('-T



&5R8VES960\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF
M(S$V


M:'0G/B8C
6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O





M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M8V4L($1E8V5M8F5R(#

T0G

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



C`X



#L\+W1D

XU-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@



T0G

Q

M

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P


M;&4]



M+6)O='1O;3H@




M(#(N-7!T)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@




@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M
#LR



'0O:'1M







]


]



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q-X\+W`^#0H-CQP('-T

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


Q-C`[075G=7-T)B
Q-C`[.PF(S$V
M,#LR,#$S+!I;B!C;VYN96-T:6]N#0IW:71H(&5N=&5R:6YG(&EN=&\@=&AE


#`L


30V.W
@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%T(&%N(&5X97)C:7-E('!R

38P.S(P
3@N#0I4:&4@97-T:6UA=&5D(&9A

@4')I8VEN9R!-;V1E


M9!O=F5R('1H92!L:69E#0IO9B!T:&4@8W)E9&ET(&9A8VEL:71Y+!W:&EC

#LR




M9B`D
BPT-S

3DY+#8S
B!W87

@
M96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR


M('1O=&%L(&]F(#
S


M=&5D(&]N($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S`L)B
Q-C`[

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY.;R!W87)R

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F
M(S$V
#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR
#$T#0IA;F0F(S$V
#LR




T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



-F5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B,Q-C`[,S$L)B,Q-C`[,C`Q-!A;F0F(S$V
M
#LR




38P.S

@




M=VED=&@Z(#$P




T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO

M86X]





T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C

C`E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C
38P.SPO


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U)3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N
M=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G
M/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^5V5I9VAT960\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

Q

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V

T0G

Q-C`[

M:&%R97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/D%V97)A9V4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SY3:&%R97,\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V


M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^4F5M86EN:6YG/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B




T0G=&5X

38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^
M0V]N=')A8W1U86P\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/D5X97)C:7-E/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


38P.SPO





Q-C`[


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO=&0^


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M8V5N=&5R)SXD,XY
CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^.2PQ
S
L

T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXD,XY



M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q-C`[

M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q




Q





M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

M



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

T0G=VED=&@Z(#8Y)3L@

24G/B8C
M

T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

B4[





M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97(G/DXO03PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M9VAT)SXU/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('-T

M;W(Z(-#0T9&0T,G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y)SY6;VQA=&EL:71Y/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SY.+T$\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V











M5&EM97




M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B




M;&4]
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B








T0R

\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M

24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M
24G/B8C





M960\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\

Q
M-3`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

T0G

38P


M;&4]

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

#`P+#`P
#PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXP+C8U/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\


M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY787)R








Q-3`[

M)B

M97(@
S$L(#(P
3
\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V

L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\


M(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M(S$V

Q-3`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B

M;&4]

M/B8C



M
S
P+#`P
#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

M+6)O='1O;3H@



M/B8C




Q


Q-C`[

G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M9&]U8FQE.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



T0G

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


CPO

M)B

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M(')I9VAT)SXF(S$V



M




M
3
S+#



C%?-#0Y
M9%\T9&8Y7V)E9F-?8S`W96
P938U

O4VAE970R






M;F-O;64@5&%X97


]



T1T;W`^


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97






M97
@86YD('1H92!A;6]U;G1S(&-A;&-U;&%T960@9F]R(&EN8V]M92!T87@@



#L\+W`^#0H-


38P.S(P
3
@




M-6EN)SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V


M


M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D




M(&-O;'-P86X]

M=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXR


T0G=VED


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@,24G/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3(E.R!T

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

T0G



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

7!T)SY686QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E

M)B


M9VAT)SXF(S$U
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS





M;3H@

M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

38P.SPO=&0^

Q







M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

38P.S

M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@







M
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU


T0R


Q


M='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R





M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

M.B`Q

4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


#DE/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#LI/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-&1D-#)SX-B`@(`\=&0^4&5R;6%N96YT(&1I

M)B

M:'0G/C`N

M)B

M;&4]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

7!T)SY#:&%N9V4@:6X@=F%L=6%T:6]N



XR,B4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M;3H@



T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




#L\+W1D

M86-K(#(N






38P
M.S

M
38P.S(N
S4E(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q
RP@
M=&\F(S$V



30V.W







@82!C;W)P;W)A=&4@:6YC


S0N-#DE


M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



38P.S(P
3
@87)E(&%S(&9O
M;&QO=W




M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*



M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

M

M



M8V5N=&5R)SXR


M0T


24[



24[


3(E

M(')I9VAT)SXF(S$V


Q



Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)#PO=&0^


M

M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#D\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L



M(')I9VAT)SXF(S$U
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT


G/@T*

M


\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S










T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@




M:71E)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\



Q-C`[

M)B


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXF(S$V







BPR

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


Q-3`[/]T9#X-B`@






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T


M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

M


G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



3(L
C0S+#4X
CPO=&0^


M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B




M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


7!T)SXF(S$V
M







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O




M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXH-PP,S,L.#0U/]T9#X-







M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR
#









38P.S(P
30@=&AE($-O;7!A





@9F]R('1H92!S
M=&%T97
@;V8@36EN;F5S;W1A+!.;W)T:!$86MO=&$@86YD($UO;G1A;F$N

M;W(@86QL(')E='5R;G

@:&%V

@86YD('-U

38P


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3(X8F0R
5\T-#ED7S1D9CE?8F5F8U]C
#=E8S!E-C4P



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]


M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L



@86YD($-O;G1I
M;F=E;F-I97





M;G0@:6X@86YY(&UA=&5R:6%L(&QI=&EG871I;VX@86YD(&ES(&YO=!A=V%R
M92!O9B!A;GD@=&AR96%T96YE9!L:71I9V%T:6]N('1H870@8V]U;&0@:&%V

M;G0@:7









M-6EN)SXF(S$V





38P.S

Q-C`[


@9G)O;2!T:&4@4W1A=&4@;V8@3F]R
M=&@@1&%K;W1A(&]N($9E8G)U87)Y)B
Q-C`[
30L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q
B!F;W(@
M
3$P)B
Q-C`[86-R97






M=&EG871I;VX@;VYG;VEN9R!I;B!T:&4@4W1A=&4@;V8@3F]R=&@@1&%K;W1A





#`L

C
P+#`P
P@)#0U,2PP,#`@86YD(0T-C@L
M

M($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[

P@)#$Q,PP

38P.S



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3(X8F0R
5\T-#ED7S1D
M9CE?8F5F8U]C



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

38N(%-U8G-E

]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#




T1T;W`^3F]T


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G9F]N=#H@


'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



38P.S(P
M
34L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V5I=F5D(&-U;75L871I=F4@861V86YC97
L

RXS-28C





M(S$V





38P.S(P

M9G)O;2`D
S4F(S$V
#MM:6QL:6]N('1O(0S-8C
38P.VUI;&QI;VX@86YD



M('%U87)T97(@8V]M;65N8VEN9R!W:71H('1H92!Q=6%R=&5R(&5N9&EN9R!-
M87)C:8C,38P.S,Q+8C
38P.S(P

M(#$N

38P.S
Q
M+8C,38P.S(P,34L(&%N9`S+C4P('1O(#$N


#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR


#`@87
@;V8@
M=&AE(&5N9!O9B!E86-H('%U87)T97(@8V]M;65N8VEN9R!W:71H('1H92!Q
M=6%R=&5R(&5N9&EN9R!-87)C:8C
38P.S
Q+8C,38P.S(P,34L#0IT:&4@
M06UE;F1M96YT(')E=FES97,@=&AE($UI;FEM=6T@0V]L;&%T97)A;!#;W9E

#`@9F]R('1H92!Q=6%R=&5R(&5N
M9&EN9R!*=6YE)B
Q-C`[
S`L)B
Q-C`[

M
#`@9F]R('1H92!Q=6%R=&5R(&5N9&EN9R!397!T96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
PF
M(S$V,#LR,#$U+!A;F0@


#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR




T0G9F]N



L(&-H
M86YG97


M;F0@
RXU



M(')E=FES97
@=&AE($UI;FEM=6T@0V]L;&%T97)A;`T*0V]V97)A9V4@4F%T
M:6\@=&\@

M928C
38P.S

#`@9F]R('1H
M92!Q=6%R=&5R(&5N9&EN9R!397!T96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
PF(S$V,#LR,#$U
M+`T*86YD(#`N.#`@=&\@,2XP,!F;W(@=&AE('%U87)T97(@96YD:6YG($1E
M8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[










S4W
M
28C
38P.VYE=!L96%S96AO;&0@86-R97,@:6X@;VEL(&%N9!G87








Q



C%?-#0Y9%\T9&8Y7V)E9F-?8S`W96
P938U
&1A#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F
M.5]B969C7V
P-V5C

C
N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$




M97

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q








@


@86YD($5X8VAA


]




2<^1D%30B!!4T
@
C@P+3$P+34P



@86YD(')E


@87)E87







M;R!A;&QO8V%T92!R97-O=7)C97
N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&]P97)A=&5S(&%S

]

]

M;CH@









@870@



M96YT86P@3&EA8FEL:71I97







M9B!T:')E92!M;VYT:'


L(&%L;!H:6=H;'D@;&EQ=6ED
M(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S('=I=&@-F%N(&]R:6=I;F%L(&UA='5R:71Y(&]F('1H

M97%U:79A;&5N='

@87)E('-T871E9!A=!C
M;W-T('!L=7


@8V]N

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^
M)B







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/D1E8V5M8F5R(#




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C(P
30\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M
7!T)SXF(S$V

B!S='EL93TS







CPO


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@











M



M(')I9VAT)SXY-PV.#(\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@



M(#(N





@




M86-C;W5N='

M1$E#*2!A;F0@=&AE(%-E8W5R:71I97
@26YV97-T;W(@4')O=&5C=&EO;B!#
M;W)P;W)A=&EO;B`H4TE00RD@=7`@=&\@)#(U
PP,#`@86YD(0U
#`L
#`P

U



38P.S(P
30-F%N98C
38P.S(P
3
L



T1T;W`^061V86YC97
@



M86YC97

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4




C`-


]






M+#$P

@
M96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR
#$T#0IA;F0F(S$V
#LR
M
#$S+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DL(&]F('=H:6-H('1H92!U;F%M;W)T:7IE9!B
M86QA;F-E(&]F(&1E8G0@:7-S=6%N8V4@8V]S='
@870@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
M
#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR


BPX.#
F%T:6]N(&]F(&1E
M8G0@:7-S=6%N8V4@8V]S='



@96YD
M960@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR


]
M




M;7!A;GD@86-C;W5N='

@

M-SM!4T
@
S4P+34P)B


M97





38P.SPO=&0^

M;FEN9RDL('=H97)E8GD@=&AE(')E;&%T960@8V]S='


M5&EM97

M

T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M

M9'1H.B`R-'!X)SXF(S$V





T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#`@
`P(#`N-6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P


M



@



M:&5Y(&%D9!A9&1I=&EO;F%L(&9U;F-T:6]N86QI='DN/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*

M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:71A;&EZ960@82!T;W1A;!O9B`D-38L-C8P(&]F('=E8G-I=&4-F1E=F5L

M(S$V
#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR


@;V8@)#$U
M+#
X
!A;F0@)#$X+#@X-R!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R
M)B,Q-C`[,S$L)B,Q-C`[,C`Q-!A;F0F(S$V
#LR

]


@;V8@87-S971S








M:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N='



2<^56YD97(@1D%30B!!4T
@.#(P+3$P+3`U

30V.W
@9FEN
M86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@87


M(&%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97


M(&YA='5R92!O9B!T:&4@:6YS=')U;65N='
N)B
Q-C`[5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@




M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y)SX\=3Y.;VXM3VEL(8C


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M8VEN9SH@

M97%U:7!M96YT('1H870-F%R92!N;W0@;VEL(&%N9!G87



@87
@:6YC=7)R960N($QO







2!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R
M)B
Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q-`T*86YD)B
Q-C`[
C`Q





M:71L92!H87
@=')A;G-F97)R960@=&\L('1H92!P=7)C:&%S97(-F%N9!T
M;R!T:&4@97AT96YT('1H92!S96QL:6YG('!R:6-E(&ES(')E87-O;F%B;'D@

M;V0@;V8@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!F;W(@9V%S(&)A;&%N8VEN9PT*;V8@9V%S('!R





\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M



@86-Q=6ER960@86YD




]



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(&9O;&QO=W





M(')E;&%T960@=&\@86-Q=6ES:71I;VXL(&%N9`T*97AP;&]R871I;VX@86-T



M97


@87)E('-U;6UA


38P.S(P
30@86YD)B
Q-C`[
C`Q


T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

@3F5W(%)O

M8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B






M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


C`Q








24G

3
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I



M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


W
BPV-S
\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\


M/B8C



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@





M-RPU







M9!S:6=N:69I8V%N=&QY(&%L=&5R('1H92!R96QA=&EO;G-H:7`-F)E='=E
M96X@8V%P:71A;&EZ960@8V]S='

@



38P.S

M='



M;WAI;6%T96QY(#$X.28C

M;7



M97)S.B!I;G1E;G0@=&\@9')I;&P[(')E;6%I;FEN9R!L96%S92!T97)M.R!G

[(&1R:6QL


@=FEA8FEL:71Y(&]F















M97)S+B!4:&4@8V]S='


M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

F5D(&-O






@

M;G0@:7

@:7













38P.S


]





38P.S
Q


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

'!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

'!X.R!T97AT





M=&5R:6%L(&-O;F-E;G1R871I;VYS(&]F(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@

38P.S(P
3


M;F0@
S8E(&%N9`T,24@;V8@=&]T86P@;VEL(&%N9!G87
@86-C;W5N='
@

38P.S

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F
M(S$V
#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR
#$T(&%N98C,38P.S(P,3,L('=E(&AA9`W+C@X

M
38P.S(P
3




M;CH@



@96%R;FEN9W







M:6-T960-G-T;V-K+B!4:&4@;G5M8F5R(&]F('!O=&5N=&EA;!C;VUM;VX@

L

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




#L@=&5X


38P.S(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C;VQS



M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

M

M



M8V5N=&5R)SXR






3
E



24G/B8C


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R
'0M

Z(%!O=&5N=&EA;&QY(&1I;'5T:79E(&-O
M;6UO;B!S:&%R97
Z/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D




2PQ.3DL-S




M



M




M+#$W.2PW


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

Q-C`[


M

M(S$V


@8F5C875S92!T

RPV.#
L
C`Y

]
T1R


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




3@M
3`M
S`M
BP@86QL('-H87)E+6)A


@

M960@:6X@=&AE(&EN8V]M92!S=&%T96UE;G0@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE:7(@9F%I



M97

L.#$W(&9O

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR
#$T







]

M;G











M97)I;V1I8V%L;'D@875D:70@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS(&EN8V]M92!T


30V.W







#L@=&5X

@87-S


]









Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q





M)SXF(S$V



@





M:&5S92!S=&%N9&%R9'
@=VEL;!H879E+!I9B!A;GDL(&]N#0IO=7(@9FEN

M97AT4&%R=%]C
3(X8F0R
5\T-#ED7S1D9CE?8F5F8U]C
#=E8S!E-C4P9&$-



M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M

]



T1T;W`^/'-T



M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:61T:#H@





M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M/B8C

M(#%P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXR,#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C(P
3
\






T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R





#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
M


M:'0G/C
W+#DY




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L


M;3H@


2PQ-3`L


T1T;W`^0F%S:6




7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C



M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

M/3-$

M/B8C



M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXR






M
3



24G/B8C


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C


Z(%!O=&5N=&EA;&QY(&1I;'5T:79E
M(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97
Z/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

#L\+W1D/@T*




2PQ.3DL-S

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



M(S$U




M;&4]




M/C0Y+#$W.2PW


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

Q



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!W:61T:#H@







M

#$T

M)B


M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

T0G

\

24G/B8C
38P.SPO



M










M



M(&)L86-K(#(N




M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N

Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T

M7V
Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P-V5C
&4V-3!D80T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)



M8RX@
S$L(#(P





T1T;W`^4W5M

#`E.R!B


M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



M;3H@8FQA8VL@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
BXU


M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-&1D-#)SX-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B





MB`@(`\=&0^)B





#





G/@T*(`@(#QT9#Y4;W1A;!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F(&]I

#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

38P




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T

S(\+W1D/@T*

M.B`Q


T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SY996%R($5N9&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q

M)SXF(S$V

38P





M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97(G/C(P
3

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C





PT,S(\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C




T0G=&5X

38P.SPO

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG/E)E=F5N=65S/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B


RPU
3$L



M(&EN8V]M93PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B0\

BPW
M
#0L
S(S/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('-T



#L\









#`\+W1D/@T*


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B]C
3(X8F0R
5\T-#ED7S1D9CE?8F5F8U]C
#=E8S!E-C4P9&$O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R

]




#`E.R!B




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/D1E8V5M
M8F5R(#

M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C(P
30\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C






L(&9U;&P@8V]S=!M971H;V0Z/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q

M

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P


M;&4]




T0G=VED


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@.7!T)SY5;F5V86QU871E



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L




Q


Q

G/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

38P+#(R-SPO=&0^#0H@



M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


#0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\



M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXQ
3
L
30X+#(S
#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

BPR-S4L






\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@




#(L-3(T






M='1O;3H@



M/B8C


Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T


]
T1T97AT/CQT



M=&@Z(#$P

M



7!T)SXF(S$V
M




7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\




M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXR
#$S/]T9#X-B`@


G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M:61T:#H@

24G/B8C

M



7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


38P

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H








M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





S@Y+#`Y
#PO

M)B





Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P-V5C
&4V-3!D80T*



]

M:60]



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@



]

]
M

]

M:6YG/3-$








Q

M/B8C




M

M=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SY.970\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V



\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C






M:#H@
S4E)SY.;W)T:!$86MO=&$\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
B4G/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S



M:#H@
24G/B8C

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS




M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

M.B`Q




T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M
7!T)SXF(S$V



M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S




M(-#0T9&0T,G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M




M='1O;3H@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

M(S$V

T0G

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M+6)O='1O;3H@


38P.SPO
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXT+C@W/]T9#X-B`@

T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;&EZ960@8V]S='
\+W1D/@T*







2P\+W1D

M)B


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D


M
C`Q





24G/B8C
M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXD/]T9#X-B`@

M/C
R+#`R-2PW


M(&%T('EE87(M96YD/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

RPX
#$\+W1D


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

L.#`Q/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M(')I9VAT)SXH
BPV
3@L


@

M/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

BPR
3@L
C










T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT

T0G


M;W(Z(-#0T9&0T,G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


S(L



M/C
Y+#8V-PQ,3@\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@




3(X8F0R
5\T
M-#ED7S1D9CE?8F5F8U]C



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]


]


M9VX]




T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`P)3L@

T0G=F5R

38P.SPO


38P




Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


7!T)SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



T0G=VED



T0G=VED





Q-3`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


@:6YC=7)R

M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

MB`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B



M97
@87-S=6UE9!I;B!A8W%U:7-I=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V



M=&EO;G
\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

M(')I9VAT)SXR
BPS-C$\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T

M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C




M(#(N-7!T)SXF(S$V




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

38P.SPO




Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T
M.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P-V5C







]




]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#


@86YD($AE9&=I


T1T;W`^3W5S=&%N9&EN9R!D







#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*




T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97(G/D]I;#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]






7!T)SXF(S$V
M


M
7!T)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

B4G/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z




C@\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

2P@
C`Q-2`F(S$U
#L@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
34\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V

C$L
#`P/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T




BPP
#`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


2`Q+`R
#$U

38P


PP,#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M


38@)B
Q-3`[($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#
Q+`R,#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


#$V/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

#PO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


2P@
C`Q-R`F(S$U
M
#L@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


#`P/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)#PO=&0^#0H@(`@





M-6EN)SXF(S$V



M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M



M)B

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C

T0R
M/B8C


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N
M=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/D]I
M;#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B


M=&QE;65N=!097)I;V0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

M





M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[

M)B







2P@

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

S8L

24G/B8C

#L\+W1D






Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#(\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V


#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SY.64U%6#PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C

M:6YS=')U;65N='





M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V


M.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V




M




M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#4E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-24G/B8C

M;&4]









38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

34P.SPO=&0^


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

T0G





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@




M.B`R
G!T)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T9&0T,G/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B




#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B






M969T.B`Q

\+W1D/@T*

M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XI/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('-T



M



M

M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*




X



M


C5P




3



]

M




2P@
C`Q-#PO=&0^

M/B8C

7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/D=R
M;W-S/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SY.970\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^




M.B!C96YT97(G/F%M;W5N='
\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

B!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/F%M;W5N=',@;V8\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

M;W-S/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SYA;6]U;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B


M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V

B!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/F%M;W5N=',@;V8\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V

M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E
M;G1E<B<^87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SYA;6]U;G1S(&]F/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@8V]L

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SYO9F9S970\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V





Q

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SYO;B!B86QA;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B





M86QA;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('-T

7!T
M)SXF(S$V






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



T0G


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G




M






38P.SPO=&0^#0H@






M+6)O='1O;3H@





M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M)SXF(S$V






#L\

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q



M/B8C

T0Q


S$L(#(P
3
\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[


'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^3F5T/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M97(G/D=R;W-S/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V

B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/F%M;W5N=',\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\

@;V8\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
M97(G/D=R;W-S/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SYA;6]U;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SYA;6]U;G1S(&]F/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

#L\+W1D/@T*

@;V8\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/F]F
M9G-E=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M
B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/F%M;W5N=',@;V8\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M97(G/F]F9G-E=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^;&EA8FEL:71I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

38P

38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^;VX@8F%L86YC93PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E
M<B<^;VX@8F%L86YC93PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^;VX@8F%L
M86YC93PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/FQI






M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/G-H965T/]T9#X-B`@


Q





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@






M+6)O='1O;3H@

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

38P.SPO

M)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL






M;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SXF(S$V


BXU

SDV+#4W


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

]
T1P

M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/D1E8V5M8F5R(#




M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C(P
30\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF
M(S$V







RPU

24G/B8C
38P.SPO



M(S$U




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


#L\


M/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R



T0G

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#L\

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T



M/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SY.;VYC=7)R96YT

\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS





38P.SPO=&0^







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T

M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M)SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O





M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



M86-K(#(N



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C,3(X8F0R,5\T-#ED7S1D9CE?8F5F8U]C
M,#=E8S!E-C4P9&$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8S$R
M.&)D
C%?-#0Y9%\T9&8Y7V)E9F-?8S`W96
P938U

O
M4VAE970S







M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L








Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT

M;&4]

S$L(#(P

T0G9F]N



M



T0G

M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

F4Z(#AP=<^
M3&5V96P@
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@


#L\+V9O;G0^










M.'!T)SXF(S$V

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M)B







M1=W:61T:#H@-#DE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



3

CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





T0G

T0G=VED

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F



24[





T0G=F5R

M+6)O='1O;3H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N


M.'!T)SXF(S$U

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I







M;&4]


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

34P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR
#0I







M.'!T)SXF(S$V



Q-C`[

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@









BXW-7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F






M.'!T)SXF(S$V

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M)B








M;&4]




Q-3`[



M




#

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


6QE




M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@








T0G

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M0FQA8VL@






38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#0L
M
C4U+#(P-DG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

#L\



M

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
BXU
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@












;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
M
3(X8F0R
5\T-#ED7S1D9CE?8F5F8U]C
#=E8S!E-C4P9&$O5V]R:W-H965T



M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M

]

M(&9A8VEL:71Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F


M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

M)B



M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B

Q

7!T)SXF(S$V


C`Q
SPO=&0^



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R

#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


T0G=VED=&@Z



#`L
#`P/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T





M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



38P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M(')I9VAT)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT


G/@T*

M(&1E8G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q

M/C4S+#DP-RPP.#8\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V



M(#QT9#XF(S$V

S0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XI/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@


M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-&1D-#)SX-B`@(`\


T0G

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\

S`L
M-34V+#
P









#L\+W1D


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B




M(S$V



M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXU
2PX


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


S`L
M-34V+#
P



M='


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L








2P\+W1D


M;'-P86X]

M)SXR



M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

M;&4]





3`U+#(P
SPO


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P


Q-C`[

T0G

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@



\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

S(V+#(U.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M9VAT)SXW-#DL.3(P/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*



\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


M9VAT)SXS





M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*








M0T9&0T


T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


C


M

BPS.#`L


M.&)D
C%?-#0Y9%\T9&8Y7V)E9F-?8S`W96
P938U
&1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P
M-V5C





^+RH@1&\@


$57




M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S

]



]


M=#H@




38P.S






M



M




7!T('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E
M;G1E<CL@8F]R9&5R+71O<#H@0FQA8VL@,7!T('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S='EL



M




M(S$V







T0G8F]R9&5R

7!T('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I






M


M




6QE/3-$

T0G




6QE/3-$)V)O

T0G9F]N





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


T0G


38P.SPO9F]N





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



M



B!S



38P.SPO9F]N







M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





38P.SPO9F]N



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





T0G9F]N




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O



M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!

M)SY#86QL)B

Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


7!T('-O;&ED


M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT






M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F







M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@




T0G=VED=&@Z



M:!$94-U8F5L;&ES+`T*(`@($-%3SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M(S$V

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I







M
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M





M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V)3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL


M(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q








Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@





M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





T0G

T0G=VED


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

#L\







M





6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

#`\+V9O

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


M;&4]


M

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F




M.'!T)SXF(S$V


M-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\


#L\


38P.SPO9F]N

M

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F




M












38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL





M)SXQ











M/B8C

Q
F4Z(#AP=<^.PY-#<\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

M;&4]










38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

M
34P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


M=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

3(O
C(O

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


S8L
M



M;&4]






Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M

M;&4]





M;&4]

M

T0G






38P.SPO






M;&4]


T0G9F]N






#L\+V9O


M;&4]








T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*









6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]




M;&4]








T0G



M



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT







M
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\


#L\





3DX)3PO



C




M;&4]






3


38P.SPO



M;&4]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/CQF;VYT('-T









T0G9F]N




3`\+V9O

M


M(S$V

F4Z(#AP
M=<^)B



XR,C,W/]F;VYT/CPO

#L\


38P.SPO9F]N







38P.SPO



M;&4]



M

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#$Q











T0G

T0G=&5X



3`\

M/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T
M)SXF(S$V

F4Z
M(#AP=<^)B



XR.34V/]F;VYT

M


38P.SPO

SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D




W
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

34P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S










T0G

T0G=&5X



3`\

M/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T
M)SXF(S$V

F4Z
M(#AP=<^)B



XR.34V/]F;VYT

M


38P.SPO

SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D




W
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

34P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\


M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR
#0I)SX-B`@(`\

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



M;&5F=#H@
3%P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ





#`\+V9O;G0^

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\




M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


M

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]






#L\+V9O;G0^




T0G





6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@
M.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=&5X



#`\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



CDY.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




Q


#L\





M;&4]

T0G=&5X





M(S$V


M



M)B

T0G







38P.SPO9F]N


#L\+V9O

F4Z(#AP=<^)B
Q-C`[






38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X\=&0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]






M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M;&4]

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


M-C



M/B8C




T0G





M;&4]

M



M/B8C













38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


#L\

T0G



M

#L\



38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





S(L


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M.'!T)SXF(S$V

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M.'!T)SXF(S$V

M)B



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S





6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]






M


M)B





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@





#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G9F]N













38P.S

38P

T0G



3%P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E
M;G0Z(TQ
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@
M.'!T)SXF(S$V




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


#L\+V9O;G0^

F4Z(#AP=<^)B
Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]






T0G9F]N

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X\=&0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]






Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

3%P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
M


M(S$V


T0G9F]N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^


Q-C`[










M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@

F4Z(#AP=<^
M1&%T93PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M


3%P=#L@=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ










M='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I










#L\+V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL






M.'!T)SXF(S$V


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O





38P.SPO



30\+V9O


38P



3
\




3(O
3(O
3




3%P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
M(TQ


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


T0G=VED=&@Z(#8E

M93H@.'!T)SXQ

38P.SPO9F]N






T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N




6QE/3-$)V9O



M

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#0L
M
C4U+#(P-DG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT

B\Q
B\Q
SPO

@36]E




F4Z(#AP=<^)B




6QE

M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

T0G

M





M

T0G

T0G9F]N


F4Z(#AP=<^)B











T0G


M.'!T)SXF(S$V








F4Z(#AP=<^)B





6QE/3-$

M.'!T)SXF(S$V

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
F4Z(#AP=<^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

T0G9F]N

T0G





T0G

T0G=&5X



F4Z(#AP=<^)B









M;&4]


T0G9F]N


M)SXF(S$V

M)B

M;&5F=#H@
3%P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ







M;&4]





38P.SPO
F4Z(#AP=<^)B
Q-C`[



























3%P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
7!T)SX\








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL



38P



T0G=&5X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\






M;&4]










M;&4]













M;&4]









M;&4]

M

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F







M(S$V




#L\+V9O;G0^

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
6QE/3-$)W9E



3(O
3(O
3

38P.SPO



86AT:2P@1&ER




3`P+#`P
M
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\


#L\


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G





#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL









38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S



#0L
M
C4U+#(P-DG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT

B\Q
B\Q
SPO



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D



M.'!T)SXQ
#`L







M

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^/&9O;G0@




F4Z(#AP=<^)B
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^/&9O





T0G






M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I





Q-C`[


#L\+V9O



M;&4]


B\Q
B\Q
SPO



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T








XV-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D



F4Z(#AP=<^)B




#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

T
M.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\


#L\


38P.SPO9F]N

3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR


M
3`O
S`O
3


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS




#L\


38P.SPO9F]N

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@




M




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V



\+V9O

M

Q-C`[






T0G




M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

M93H@.'!T)SXP.\P,2\Q,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

3%P
M=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I


M(S$V


38P

#`\+V9O;G0^

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V




M

3$T)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F



T0G=&5X







M;&4]





T0G


'0M86QI

M

SPO9F]N=#X\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS








M;&4]

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^/&9O



#L\+V9O;G0^

F4Z(#AP=<^)B
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^


38P.SPO


38P.R8C





M




M(S$V




2PP.3D\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M.'!T)SXP

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

3%P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
7!T







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S



M



T0G




T0G9F]N



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T



M)SXS


38P.SPO








T0G


M.'!T)SXF(S$V

M

'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M;&5F=#H@,3%P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T



M)SXQ-C4L







T0G



M;&4]



'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^/&9O;G0@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

38P.R8C





M;&4]



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D





38P

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

30\+V9O

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C


M)SXP



3%P=#L@=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ




3$U+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@
M.'!T)SXF(S$V






#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


#L\+V9O


#LP+C0W

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




T0G





#L\

M/B8C

Q

3`L



#0L





3%P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
M(TQ

L($-%3SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I








T0G

T0G=&5X







#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT













T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O



M='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I



M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

W+#@P
M-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE

#L\+V9O




3%P=#L@
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ



M/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@











M



38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
BXU

#L\+V9O

M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS







BPV




Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@0FQA8VL@


F4Z(#AP=<^)B


M;&4]

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M+#$T
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M


#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L93X-





T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$P


'!T)SX\




M;&4@9F]R(#$P('EE87)S(&9R;VT@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@=&AE(&=R86YT(&%N


M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P)SX-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N

T0G


Q-C`[
2PF
M(S$V
#LR

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@







#`E.R!B;W)D






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

M/3-$

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^
M5V5I9VAT960\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C




Q-C`[

T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SY3:&%R97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G
M/D%V97)A9V4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/E=E:6=H=&5D/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B

M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SY3:&%R97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/E=E:6=H=&5D

M




T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SY!=F5R86=E
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97(G/E)A;F=E(&]F/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


T0G

M/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/D]P=&EO;G,\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V



M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V


M/B8C


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V


6QE/3-$)V)O<F1E



C0E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B0P+C`S(T@
M)#$N,#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C
38P

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@,30E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B0P+C8U/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*

]

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:#H@

M;&4]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^1&5C96UB97(@,S$L/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@8V]L



M;&4]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



T0G


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C(P
3
\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E)SXF(S$V

R4[('1E
6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

B4[




M9#XF(S$V

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P


M0T9&0T
G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M)SY6;VQA=&EL:71Y/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M)B





T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M8V5N=&5R)SY796EG:'1E9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/D%V
M97)A9V4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M;&4]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^3G5M8F5R/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[





T0G


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G




7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N


Q

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
M


M(')I9VAT)SXT+#$T.2PP




M
24G/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG/D]P=&EO;G,@97AP
M:7)E9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M(S$U
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M

Q

G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


38V
M+#8V-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT



#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M9VAT)SXP+C8R/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R

M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T9&0T,G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@



Q







M.2PX
S0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M


#`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XI/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&IU<W1I9GDG/D]P=&EO;G,@8V%N8V5L;&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q

M

M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B




M=&0^)B


BPU
#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

'0M86QI9VXZ




#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF
M(S$V






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M-7!T)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@



M9GDG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

M(S$V

#$\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR


C%?-#0Y9%\T
M9&8Y7V)E9F-?8S`W96
P938U
&1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V
Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P-V5C
&4V-3!D82]7

S


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5(2#X-B`@(`@(#QT


M

S$L(#(P

M='






M;'-P86X]
'0M



M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SY3:&%R97



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T







M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/E=E:6=H=&5D

T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*




T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SY796EG:'1E9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G
M/E)E;6%I;FEN9SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


38P.SPO

M)SY286YG92!O9CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L



M(#QT9#XF(S$V


T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M
7!T)SXF(S$V


38P

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S





Q



M:61T:#H@
C0E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B0P+C
X(T@)#$N-3`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E)SXF(S$V

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^)#`N.3(\

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E)SXF(S$V


]

M.B`Q


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@




M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXR


7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N



34E.R!T

T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

2XS.4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
65A<G,I/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B

M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SY.+T$\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V


M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



]
'0^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QS<&%C:6YG
M/3-$


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@8V]L

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V



38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^3G5M8F5R/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



M(&-O;'-P86X]




24G
M/B8C

24G/B8C

T0G=VED

C8\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG/E=A

M(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-3`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\







38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



Q

M/C4L
#`P+#`P
#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J

M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT




38P.SPO





M86YC92P@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

L




M



Q-3`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-




38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXH
S
P+#`P
#PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT





38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y





38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



M)B


G/@T*




M





#L\+W1D





Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P






#L\

M


3
S+#






M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C,3(X8F0R,5\T-#ED7S1D9CE?8F5F
M8U]C,#=E8S!E-C4P9&$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M8S$R.&)D
C%?-#0Y9%\T9&8Y7V)E9F-?8S`W96
P938U

M='




CX\




]



M97



7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/D1E
M8V5M8F5R(#





M
7!T)SXF(S$V


C`Q


34P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


M0T9&0T



M:#H@
3

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T







38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

M



Q

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS




]


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`P)3L@8F]R9&5R

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




M;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC








M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C(P
3


24G/B8C

T0G=VED



24G/B8C





Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B





XS-24\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XI/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B


T+C0Y)3PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/]T



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT

B4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V








#


M

'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXV
RXT-4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





38P.S(P
30@86YD)B
Q-C`[
C`Q

@



M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:61T:#H@


'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^

M
7!T)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM







M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97(G/C(P
3


M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@




38P






\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

S@L


24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



M-S



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

C8\+W1D

M/@T*(`@(#QT9#Y$97)I=F%T:79E(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@


M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N


Q-C`[

M+#8Y
SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P


PP-#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


M;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V



7!T)SXF(S$V






M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B



M8FEL:71I97



M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO=&0^


3%P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
7!T)SY#



M0T9&0T

M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

BPX
3$L
S8V/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M9VAT)SXF(S$U




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V


M/B8C

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N


T0G=F5R




3@L
38V+#(T
CPO=&0^

7!T)SXF(S$V
M


M:'0G/B@Q
BPR-#

M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

MB`@(`\=&0^)B

G
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#Y.970@9&5F97)R960@=&%X(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B




S`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XI/]T9#X\+W1R




6QE/3-$


M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXI/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M)SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O



M;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SXF(S$V


BXU

L


#L\

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M+6)O='1O;3H@








]


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PQ
M
3(L






]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
2PQ-3`L


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
M
3(X8F0R
5\T-#ED7S1D9CE?8F5F8U]C
#=E8S!E-C4P9&$O5V]R:W-H965T



M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



M4&]L:6-I97
@*$1E=&%I;'
M0V%P:71A;&EZ960@0V]S='
I(A54T0@)D\



T1T;W`^5&]T
M86P@8V%P:71A;&EZ960@8V]S='


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3



]








M0V]S='

]


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@




C%?-#0Y9%\T9&8Y7V)E9F-?8S`W96
P938U
M
&1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T
M.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P-V5C





^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C







3(@

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]

]





]



Z(%-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G
@

M+#$Y.2PW





C%?-#0Y9%\T9&8Y7V)E9F-?
M8S`W96
P938U
&1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q
M
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P-V5C

M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



CX\



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]








]
T1N=6UP/C@V-2PQ
M




]




T1T;W`^5V5B




3@Y/'-P86X^




M86QI9VX]

M;7`^
3

]





]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^36%T97)I86P@8V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;G
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]



]




S8N










CDL
3

C0L







M(#$U+#
X


C%?-#0Y
M9%\T9&8Y7V)E9F-?8S`W96
P938U

O4VAE970S.2YH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

RX@
M06-Q=6ES:71I;VX@*$1E=&%I;'


]


]

]
M

#



C`L-3$W+#DP


]







M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S
RPV-3$I/'-P86X^



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`L-C@P+#`S






]

M97)A=&EO;G





]


38P+#0S



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5V96YU97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L-S`T+#
R
M

]

]
M






M9VX]
T1T;W`^0F%S:6


M


M
3(X8F0R
5\T-#ED7S1D9CE?8F5F8U]C

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4







M*$1E=&%I;'

T0R/C$R($UO;G1H



]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@-CDL


Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T
M.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P-V5C







]

T1)1#!%

M
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L






]
T1N=6UP/B0@-SDL
S8Q+#0S



]






]
T1N=6UP/C$Q


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q
RPQ-#@L
C
P

M.#(L


]


\+W1D/@T*



T1T


M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3(X8F0R
5\T-#ED7S1D9CE?8F5F8U]C
M

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O





M/3-$
CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q-#QB

#$S





]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@





]
T1N=6UP




Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B969C
M7V
P-V5C






]



S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]
T1N
M=6UP/C`N


M97AT4&%R=%]C
3(X8F0R
5\T-#ED7S1D9CE?8F5F8U]C
#=E8S!E-C4P9&$-



M(&ED/3-$240P145*04


CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@



M:&%S97

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
C0L-S






RPX
#$\





T1T;W`^061V86YC97
@


M;7`^-BPP


BPR
3@L
C





#




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
SDL-C8T+#$Q



]


@*$1E=&%I;'

T0R


#$T/&)R/F%C

2P@
M
C`Q





3`L

30L





M

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^3VEL(&%N9!G87


]







]

]

C`Q
RP@=V4@=')A9&5D(#DU
M

*@86-R97


*@
M86-R97




@:6X@

@*#`N
3+H&YE=D@=V5L;'
@=F%L=65D
M(&%T(0Q+#(P,PP


]
T1N=6UP/C4T
SQS

]

\

M(#@S


M87)T7V
Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P-V5C
&4V-3!D80T*0V]N





]

M










]
T1N=6UP/B0@










]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38P+#8V



]



M
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^8F)L/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@






#$U(
*6($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q





]
T1N



@
B!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@








]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#`P



]


]


M871I=F4@8V]N=')A8W1S(%-E='1L96UE;G0@4&5R:6]D/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y*86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P
34@PI8@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P



3(L





]


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y*86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P
34@PI8@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P



S`L



]





38@PI8@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


M=')A8W1S+!A;6]U;G0@;V8@;VEL(AI;B!87)R96QS*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@





]




38@
MPI8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P



C0L




]




M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y*86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P
M

S$L(#(P







]





S$L(#(P



S8L
#`P




]




]
T1R:#X-







]


]
M

]

]




T1T;W`^

@
B!;365M8F5R72!\($UI;FEM


T1T;W`^

]









'0O:'1M



]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3

@
M;VX@9&5R:79A=&EV97


]

RPT

3


]


]




3$L-#4Q

M-3


M;7`^-BPX



3
T+#(Y


]
T1R93X-




]


X


Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B
M969C7V
P-V5C






]





]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3





M97)I=F%T:79E(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






]



T1T;W`^0V]M




#QS








]






Q
CAB
M9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P-V5C






]

T1)1#!%
TM!



S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P



]
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
M




#QS

]



]


M871I=F4@;&EA8FEL:71I97





T1T;W`^
M3F5T(&%M;W5N='
@;V8@;&EA8FEL:71I97



T1T;W`^



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

Q
CAB9#(Q
M7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P-V5C







]





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#








T1T


C%?-#0Y9%\T9&8Y7V)E
M9F-?8S`W96
P938U
&1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V
Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P-V5C

M971S+U-H965T-3

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$581$)'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M





]






]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

2PQ-3`L
S0W



]


]


M;F0@;&]N9R!T97)M(&1E8G0L(&YE=!O9B!D:7-C;W5N=',\+W1D/@T*(`@

]




]

]
T1N
M=6UP/CDT+#8X



979E;`R(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-



]






]



]

]
T1P

]

]



T1T;W`^4F5V

M;7`^-3$L.#
T+#8P


T1T;W`^5&]T86P@3&EA8FEL:71I97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

#

M;F0@3&EA8FQI;'1I97



]





]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:!A;F0@8V%S

M


]



]

M


]

]





]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5V;VQV:6YG(&-R961I=!F86-I;&ET:65S


]





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P@07-S
M971S(&%N9!

]
M



M('P@3&5V96P@





M='

]


M3&EA8FEL:71I97

]
M

]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4F5V;VQV:6YG(&-R961I=!F86-I;&ET:65S(&%N9!L

S`L-34V+#
P


]

]



]


]



Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B
M969C7V
P-V5C






]




S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]



RPR


97-S.B!5;F%M;W)T

]
T1N=6T^*#0R-BPW
M

M;3XH


]

T1T;W`^5&]T86P@8W)E9&ET
M(&9A8VEL:71I97


]
T1N=6UP
M/C
P+#4U-BPS




]



\+W1D

#




M92!86YK+!.+D$N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



\



RPP
M
#`L


]



T1T;W`^5&]T86P@8W)E
M9&ET(&9A8VEL:71I97

]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#`P

]
M

]



T1T;W`^5&]T
M86P@8W)E9&ET(&9A8VEL:71I97




2PX
M.#

Q
M
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P-V5C





]

T1)1#!%




T1T




S@P
M+#

]


]

]
T1P

2PQ
#4L
M

M;7`^
C`Q+#@X


]


M97


M1&YU;7`^
C@L



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#DR+#
W


]

]
M


M9VX]


]

M







M8VEL:71I97
L(&EN=&5R97-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$
M;G5M/B0@*#
W
BPV-S


C%?
M-#0Y9%\T9&8Y7V)E9F-?8S`W96
P938U

O4VAE970U


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M



]

]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
M







3QS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97
@875T:&]R:7IE9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


#`L
#`P+#`P







]

M=&EO;G

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\



]
T1N=6UP/B0@












@9W)A;G0@9&%T93PO=&0^#0H@

#$T/'-P86X^


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y+96YN971H
M($1E0W5B96QL:7

]
M


#QS

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C`N



\+W1D/@T*


]
M




#`E/'-P

3$W

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C@U+#$R



]




@9W)A;G0@




M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F(&]P=&EO;G
@9W)A;G1E9#PO=&0^#0H@



T1T;W`^3W!T:6]N

]




@
M=F5S=&EN9R!T97)M(&EN('EE87)S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]




T1T;W`^








T1T;W`^4VAA




#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

M;7`^





]


]

@

3






T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F(&]P=&EO;G
@9W)A;G1E9#PO=&0^



T1T;W`^3W!T



]




M;G
@=F5S=&EN9R!T97)M(&EN('EE87)S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



]


T1T






T1T;W`^




#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

M1&YU;7`^



]



]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96
@

3







]


M;G



]

]

\







]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M/3-$=&]P/D]P=&EO;G







M


M9VX]

C`Q
SPO

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#



]



#$S/'-P


T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F(&]P=&EO;G
@9W)A;G1E





]





]


]








]
T1N=6UP/B0@









#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S







]





T1T;W`^3G5M
M8F5R(&]F(&]P=&EO;G



]


M;G



]

]

\







]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M/3-$=&]P/D]P=&EO;G





]

]



]





C`Q


]

]
T1T97AT/D5M



T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F(&]P=&EO
M;G



]


@=&5R;2!I;B!Y

]

]


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XU('EE87)S/'-P86X^





]
T1N=6UP/B0@



M;G


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#


]








]
M






#`L






]


T1T


#(N



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
M
T1N=6UP/C(Y+#4V



]
T1N=6UP/C$Q
M+#

]



T1T;W`^3W!T:6]N($=R86YT


]
M




]

3`P+#`P




W-#QS


]











]
T1N=6UP/C(P
BXP




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M















]
T1T97AT/D1E8R`X+`T*0DR,#$T/'-P86X^/]S








]

]
T1N=6UP/C`N-C
\

M/D]P=&EO;G



]

]
T1T97AT/C4@





30N





]




M1&YU;7`^





M(#(P
3

]
M


]

C`Q
M

]

]
M


T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R
M(&]F(&]P=&EO;G


]
T1N=6UP/C$V-2PP





]
T1R




M87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ






]
T1N=6UP/C$Y
RXP




]
T1N=6UP/B0@

M+C4U

]

]



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]P=&EO;G

3
\


T1T;W`^3W!T:6]N
M($=R86YT960@

]
M

]

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y&96(@

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y*86X@,C0L#0H)3(P
3
\

M/D]P=&EO;G



]


]





]

]




3`N



]

3@L-C
Y

M-2PY





#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D






@





M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y%;7!L

]





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]






]





]
T1R93X-



]
T1P


]
T1N=6UP/C



]

]
M


M;B`R










]
M

38U+#`P


]

]
T1T97AT


]





@=F5S=&EN9R!T97)M

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XU('EE



]
T1N=6UP/C$Q



]











@9W)A;G0@9&%T


M





]
T1N=6UP/C$Q-2PP
#`\

M/D]P=&EO;G






]



M86QI9VX]



3`N


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1T97AT


M9VX]


]


]



3`L



]
T1T97AT/DIA;B`R
M-P-@D)
C`Q


]


]







M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ


T1T

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]



@=F]L871I;&ET
'0^/'-P86X^/]S<&%N


T1T;W`^3W!T




]














]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P



M86QI9VX]


#

















T1T;W`^5V5I
&5R8VES86)L93PO=&0^

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C
3(X8F0R
5\T-#ED7S1D
M9CE?8F5F8U]C


T0G


^#0H@(`@(`\

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@



]


]


]




]


Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T
M.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P-V5C







]




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3


]



]







M.2PP


M/3-$;G5M/B@S-BPP


]
M






R+#4P
M

M86QI9VX]



]




]







M

]

]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B`P+C








]



Q
M
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P-V5C





]

T1)1#!%









M-#


M=%]C
3(X8F0R
5\T-#ED7S1D9CE?8F5F8U]C






M(&-O;'-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]

]


]



]








]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1N=6UP/CDL
3
S+#


]
T1N=6UP/C0L
M-#8S+#

]

B!Y96%R












RPS






;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3(X8F0R
5\T-#ED7S1D9CE?8F5F8U]C
#=E8S!E-C4P



]




@*$1E=&%I;'
M07-S
M=6UP=&EO;G

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M


]



M97

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$N





T1T;W`^5F]L871I;&ET

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

C%?-#0Y9%\T9&8Y7V)E9F-?8S`W96
P938U
&1A#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B
M969C7V
P-V5C




^


M1$E$






T1T


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]

M86QI9VX]



RPS





]
T1N=6T^*#
S




@

]
T1N=6UP/C4L
#`P
M+#`P

]





RPS







M86QI9VX]




@9W)A;G1E9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@




]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@





M7V
Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P-V5C
&4V-3!D80T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3DY+#8S



]


]


T1T;W`^56YA;6]R=&EZ960@8F%L86YC92!O




M87)T7V
Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P-V5C
&4V-3!D80T*0V]N





]

M



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L
M(#(P
3


]








]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N=6UP/C`\



]


;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
3(X8F0R
5\T-#ED7S1D9CE?8F5F8U]C
#=E



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO












]
T1N=6UP/C
U+C`P)3QS


M






]


]
T1N=6T^*#@N
C



]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C



C%?-#0Y9%\T9&8Y7V)E9F-?8S`W96
P938U
M
&1A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V
Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T
M.61?-&1F.5]B969C7V
P-V5C




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C




M+B!);F-O;64@5&%X97
@*$1E=&%I;'


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3



]


]

\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-RPT



]
T1N=6UP/C$L



]

#QS


M


]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`T



]


#8L
M

M;7`^-C`L







]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$R+#(R.2PX


]
T1N=6UP/C`\



]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q




3
L-#@X*3QS





]
T1R



M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C,3(X8F0R,5\T-#ED7S1D9CE?
M8F5F8U]C,#=E8S!E-C4P9&$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO8S$R.&)D
C%?-#0Y9%\T9&8Y7V)E9F-?8S`W96
P938U

M:&5E='
O4VAE970V.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

]


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#



]
M






C`S





]
M


^

M8RX@
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38L-3`P+#`P


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4')O
M9F]R;6$@;VEL(&%N9!G87


]


]

]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4')O
M9F]R;6$@;VEL(&%N9!G87

]
T1N=6UP/C0U
2PP



RPP





Q
CAB9#(Q7S0T.61?-&1F
M.5]B969C7V
P-V5C



M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P,RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970P-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

T0B4VAE970Q
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3DN:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#(V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-RYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970S
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S$N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
U

M9CTS1)3:&5E=#,X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
M.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970T,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-#,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0T+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#0W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T.YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970U,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3(N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4V+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#4Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V,YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970V,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C0N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepletionOfOilAndGasProperties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OutstandingDerivativeContractsWithRespectToFutureProductionTableTextBlock'


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock'


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OffsettingAssetsTableTextBlock'


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsInStatementOfFinancialPositionFairValueTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssetRetirementObligationsTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

#$T
3(S
2YX

M?MHD?N$UM[MO)23TI:8[I$CWS
ZG+L46H!MC
;)-POSZE0PF!FQC^04;6_-A





MNT$M85HW[Q;Z?.'3\$V]PF1ZK4B2?/U_W[\]:S

MM+TNBKRB.MPK9T'M:HJ7U_0!+2\W+R7Y4I6]X@1.0D5N7].G7D%DX:8B=Z+T
M6Y?P7G!L$EJX=TV?;@M:EU
`%MO$V]N`4W#P*DID\(-J`5^([[).`E$YNF
M


M?

MSIY



5G
MP%Z/_DX?`;
F1MY1MB8]61BX:CTX?&M\&[L_VUA['2W8FGHU#'_[!HC^8[6`





BD


M!*/.@%'EV\A)X:H&U+/3Z2
-,D45B0B3DO(!B$VTKMM@2[RLFN2KFPS0=Q



BH]HQ9,<N0?T!$!.9TXIL?\0D1;#R(H[EC6,%B<I%HK.)7`5Q
MB=.P;&J8$9&%!$=H848&G&(W+=ZIT_6ZR-

M


ZV@Y'0'@FWC4`




P
P+K



D!AD9M-BC]R@IODRX36-!&



:
M+?J@C]E)E)KMO\TD&`@1-W





#;0DY\FYVX&Z8LUB[@DEIQ3T=M^[:P=JWZ=G7V





MAI;Q*O






O6:[JWS($ZNMS`2

M6A:D+=B(0.9D1B\&F@*V%&D]8E-+1W:EV^Y*S0\!X[25E7RQC-R6VNU6
?+%


M5IO-+*0_
!?]P_MMTW_'T()D=D\XE;3B$/%)^Q)5Z#D]IJI^.?R60K5Q%Z



DN
W
=
.WW#^^:X=#I






M7*?_Z3[W.YKLC];[^7
)/:JJ*#VII_A6N[A$R%Q^;B?






-[KY.3$XK4
MK5RH9CW@RU=R4Z!Z/@%`IH3AC00$68[
*W=NRQJ9D`/97EX1UADA&S$+3H&L
M+(:-V)S]\88%9W/A+!^R@K


'5


VJ8I4F
MJS_
94E5!2M=HKZ@5@9H*;7W6H$IWZ=9(B@/6*GRX\/F=NZ(6$6T4J6\AZ&E



@%]4Y2S-\9JG


ML8KFFDQ(GI/PT?_&+H3'7:'
[\5Q^H*W]0V^E-CQ+(L#)4!*$CJ1.W@MV[3X




'/7S^49%Z`


![O5^-R&_


M;GTL9

G2OV]B.W








M`**2NPB?T5$4CRGKUC0?O+-*K3NCH\DA)(7XUC73MO7=A!NYW.4D\Z.PCG4C

M7Y)


M/@CKU;R*(;D*KTF60_LLVR)93&BZF(07\Q1T]%_T^XT4!DO9]53=TLVE1$
*


C4`B)Q-%=U^B-@J4]@PU8=4U5=_B+VEF#XF3$

-S7'LG53J



A@/C'AHL''24-B9G2ZB)STAG@T3#]3QA.A=
MI?-Y5#;FU.ZJT;PR^\
W]SZ2`]IZ%Z`+G+:Q6A.S9V[385!=#1ZD#/3D7

Z2D^?GSG1^&'I!XJ&WR8CF%;FJ/Q



F`-JPH[HVL3E-PF_S@
VKKX#@B-W<0Q2F([\#`*
MX[`(BT@:%K'=M*,!;=G(.05+#%MVQ*[2*D.Y<X$2$I.<:1C4,IU875FS#4
M[DQXEY?HB4I8YR2CDNXH%J`O



#165IFFEUCNAN(H%95\!6H;9?0S0/D%N.4S[*J]`IUX$WW#

M:



MRQD





MJ0T[B4I!V5N4KK&T3U84)#MG9^/317
VO)2*77=I-29*4P;&_B-





M.H!EDC(@#BC;5


MENU:6TUZ-U8\.Q0R*#P_
`KQFJLO!0;^=@7!!1YCRT[MZ)@*DB%PU\-C%SGO





1';]OC)TS'@FRDK/%5(AF@-4\5=M.MS8DB@+_'^&UY4TW:%
MB;?CQ+*8[[HJA[4^@+B




M+[U3W*Q4'J




_9#4Y'&I`@@J!9J(#3Z4


5M4*9//!OXXXGR0I29_XPP2$(A

`RGADE8TR@**41]99JG+_`;D(-^SHMH`L%3
M`2=33M(X2E<H,9&<*:`)_G0*317P$BA!00AS
6WYZ:JLPCNK^[$3KRG!;T
M1%JEVB0O@

MVDU







SR:LM`3K*?`45[;S
M''LOPVE^

6VKAP=)`)*A'V)(TIT;S.YVO(6.2A_R?X(T2/@O!9V(X%8S7QN/&



M[

WM'\Q##T79IHT-UMX,P2Q2(3W/?
MLM4-!0_N=@_SO3@)@(JE/VZ+*K^(+I$LMEWL-+<^RH-_(6J#,LY/A-C=09
MFD`%(92C3D,QPK(-S/8[P@X7E\`&H:$,0TKK@@`F&-50U!CU&^%-#)@AE44
MU3QC@ZK4?'TZ


3?(?4WBCF%@/C9TZ%L?Y+Z[N8RHWO
M
$HA6D4=![MC=1


4EIY4J\PA


='9`5YIS1__;2`@TCRALPS#N0&
M?MQP^9264%`LGL:!#/I&V

0X.`B6?OKWSZG

;:'DM,O`)TIC'<-&RKL))8SU<^^UY(6!)%YFGEO#_6HG6
MX!1Y9=#[H&D:ONC52


VQW400#)))80`ES:31Q24

$


?X\
.%.BK





*M@SFNW;'?I

K2`7:YXFUN/3QLV&<B;<+HWP3S@)GRF
M5'=MK]:L5R]WQUE+JLLI

MXK:+WCMJHOR^?H:O:5B&K7X*6


M?!*JZ!^\=CS'ERAE@JN(\H!7H[$Z'FNL[AOYH*SJ5ZA$0!%ZI@/G11DUK!6
MLH-8?#)W'MP8^Y$?[

M\P94M]9ST8*GU:,/;`$L$L2*L':&IQ3H836]TR6/,*2S91/RB99CCI!7=/



=UA$VMH

A5[C**Q

N3<8$'/+]U^0.^7+

GB



5-UDT=E
MC*&J:?J^]D2

MP6+/8R=BX+GT

MD`?!1CMN$&7'OD4[X#J?!TPTZ=7V3#BWMQ94#_\)1Y$AZ/N8Z]2C07RG+Q
M`LM+=`-LC5ZAD'=`4.ZH?O[`9808MPG




O!\I7\%?%J0JL;MQAIG'2FY']&1O^.-X#1&D2448_6C^^!/!9



_99G8W^V7GS*4%!TL)F8B2!-


MM


/53'0YU=6;
M8M`3
!J!;ZK*#M#UZ:P


Y`=QN`A96$0!#`
M1E]/




M8/.QOK8;)6I0DJB4:!-I3B
/+O/S0CB2
RLL\O]5$LE#Z9_\3_CG[PH9'\M
MAG
V6CEHS8WB+*TZ0C.Y`\_3M`)7!5$?A+:V28#:_ARR

MMK;!43A9(HY[.K`98S$U(QR0PYU^\0AM0V0B92[]Y!9*B=TPS@SN)_D$1H?Q
M)$E
-:(R'Q





?KN-OL
P$?
M

_





Q.XN$[LU;8/;I\VQ





KK_.'SU

MN
704S8D`/
4

M%






6O'




M_I&H15\(!'


MN$X/?`:\*C2^-(P:7SQWD=$=5(6J]2A5':K\A+S+=K)&+`:2_

M$LRRI\=4




W
^UUOCE:$-





*I

#/ZZ5/
M&A00R;338Z8;I+
M+;(RBT,;'F+&)()+
M][BV?#YL`<D^OAZ/D-;EXVC#39BX.)=EY2TK/]H?KY00PAE`U0/,)E9A.I
M.':JD<).#*O)6!*M[3AT._`5NMEUY*^]`,LA'#:%!)`\5
_Y+5K?*@`?#UA
M
&&4V0IF@+(A9BD&K?DCI(@S(N'M5)
SG/



M($BE/;%;!Y



WQ(^GA4`;=I9+&\\N

M7HOC





MU2*0SI$K6%)0[\ITM%6PMS$K-.'5MJR?



BM(81.`[.M([&*&+7IZ6J/I9W;#C[

M:ZQ[


(BEF9'F:LY]E5


!5]%'D
M].407

NLJ.)S&AEEP-G/\C!R06I)LAGBJ
M%F!S02C&O37K;+K$IRN(O;4&F#^?P

M

MM6.SM-&BF5
][4T`1(]5S1RKD^$6AZ28+
10#4H@QK8X6O]Z4)5V=IOQF5C;


*`*
M


9'8XT8S\ZA(^0[06LS'1A/]D+F#^%



3.
M1IF$&D8OT.[$3?R@



WB'







M%'J:AA[?_LI[%&::8.5NU&:SMZJ[K23WNJ*C%P(A6M[OY:7X=AHS;3N/EYQ*


MQ2!9D\!7

;A'X$+PANW
5_D05$E&Z2N*+P030
:?#L+I@8

M^C

2^AOL.F%C%
M@UHR$UBB)(HXM];LHSB6

*_\CA62GU!_*7IFP26_'
D.2K8-LZC


MR?V!)PP$.)





OZ=LD.0S
ME&_Q8M[1BPEY\L6


12
M'ZX/H&QW%&[9=EI[9N1\367\9U2VNK\G;6947;VU?)\XP98.32*SC#T/\3-H
M9P)PD\










M3.XG6O9%VO$%SS$D].'N_#X@$@'R8W-

4$.B74GB[D

3W4/9I-



M;&N7KK'VV/@(UL


*R18[&W6G5WX(M-I;EQG/AT
M:C8R9%?99X-%;=;VF364S7=&9GTP89\!=CO





MP?L%N+V0D'W:9M?+`[V8`SU]%B#ND7!=2F38J!(I)'CR4+L_U--G!8(3-3/8


M4



ML:Q9J6.[]#OTEYWM#^64T_/


/AVU\
^7WN'?069I%F6%1!?,B,-37_S0LNID%C
M3M

ZJ^W&7?P763S056[F]$](

M!


MPGQS''[W[$7.0KG'(#AA[&`\&Y`8/J:RWQ-(OGTPMIXQ]#WW*#)5W52AC4


7X&;9/

MQ:--?

'YV



+TO?N`^$]LM#2?NHJK9A=]4:[(X&$`;PT)%1FAXH
$5947




QM:SNDE^93)M!*5CNF3$4X^1R+$-
-2:KMH
@8&Y('(@]$'LAQ^;#_
M<']E:$/5&(U4^M_7VU@R-Z&&LT+119.=W5:Y^NLAM%!4<T1:3&I]M_KJT9[

A:+`31




(.@M5E?0&

__/BOAG#/A^IT-.V%!O;
TI)'?_C1'RK-.KG]G4P)VJOX68ZFJ?V.


M\AEI/Q:\=(42TGOX(5



:U@
MAUE3%_5-CVA_=;6O[TG(11##-7)2&Q2/YXO&Q3F
$QQ=MG.NA9A@'X;P7LWA
M1HG:7RKZY3?*OA9&U4HWW




M[35/D*4?K+_7G_YH:*JFX;\(BA6%CQZ

MI.U#4W/
F92FS\4&4OZE;LEP$G
M&


M6L8T+7C[S.=J_^8MB/-SIP0`_BHA*?

M

]W6O0ZU7[)X10X/5!A!ZK*YV%



Q$*_5L8(HH$W9`B08J$OD]5

MOZR5[2IWY-$AOA0J4JA(H2*%BA0JH@B5TS14WOK6PB$OREOB8_-.*56D5)%2
M14H5*57$DH'FKZV09#3D\HS*10:'43
U
$H3#K^5AS0F$VG9X:AQUU?8?/


1]


M&D)3?)_\T&?CQ%I);!/%76#N_$J&MTG(C@YUN\CK]D+HNJD.9R?7K

GI
M=9/057V_'@`MB9)#N@OU)D@$GOIL[+(
I321TN2BI
E05Z==4EE+]WBJGF##
M.ET=3O::BM&2-#E1PT2T+D;Z9$=;!RE$I!Y)$RFZFF=G(-@?09E7PG:)%H




M\XYN1A



GL60%0$?QPQRX@0GIKN4#=9(';B+;Q\[9QBT#=N1MD8!AY.ABJ
MBH$6-;(\ST6`@MC<CIFE\]V^*A8%#[?_I-0*@0V1+G-*VTPF1K*
_&1W2V)
M#;2YCOP@`LY&B13XD4\I8%;X*'+





!(6HA-QHSIQ[V?')T`('\0(]PC4;B0W1`6KXR_8L-QA/


]^:AY'E''VMV&ER-L@KVU#+=+BGOAU#IGP&









M-RS
$MT0\H^\=^135^!63N.@H!JD=*/O25073_+UXBE#4F;7?N1)@$EW!J


RK#H#0PNTEO;;LV+\R`I\EW

MX/_/*@K@I

_F!%PWXPH:*S1I%5
/J`-QGO-M^J.
M`^Q41\OE1+82_NAZJ0A)F0T:D-=A_L*H[;6V?]04URX0US=?K53W6QC&U@ZG
MHE+5G+637=LUBQWU.42\!25+
*W[RASOGHDGCH953#@^$0U+/
W:J*%AB73L





M[F;XEW5O#^(
_Y(JD!SWL
*2L@'6#7X\2KO!#Q3@70D

MG/1ER%915'5B^

M



0K\A!0\#)3-



M(R\Y?T0NE2QU0?-'$J8A3L/=]@:0%

@))$+C




M^L
F&';$&#A!%X
U$AUZFT*1YU#P6


(&6AQ)
MH0^

W:6AR:N2P


M3K*S

:L?S<DNML(K!):W^E[TYI23&<.
M(*D:




)W'OF0Q.Z\
M*
2%9'=6$@S?=JQG^BTK#'W[/F)YKC`%@*S6G@]9O'$/'U9KJ/[G!+6V]+




8DWN-LQ^E'T;Z8:0?YIRP+OTP


00,F%Z49G#;3)R5U_2JCZ+JB%

M!



MF(GJ9F)8O-N4'#_O1E
2$6G'X9-Y71?^I6Q$K/TTP*8[;AF!G9['04&Y@W(&
MCXN68SMZX:


M;?7=V;?F8\\K8ZCZR%`GHU-P\M2_-2T@L1Q?4W4R&:K&:(_./?U;DN+)YCX@


165N;6V
MJ=Z#3
M[A/FHI]?L`0`W5
&;J5)\V`+0;


M8

M_Z9NK8N:*P8#F*!B:ELR)LX_@+$.W^V5%1+G17EE4'MJ:*@3W8@'0)#O=H#/

8M&UV\$7HT766DI^0^6LL0U6X^4QST\)@WG
ME)J]YDP*VXWR[JR-5:5^[PG%,M!#`V;)`LE8/1=VL668.7&C*3#0K`6TK5


RQ(?K446XM*=
MT2\LHCF&.4J+^*#0+VN/(!`
@'MZ:;C*4+]L%JLL:U:PA;F]!$FUX@*A2C;#
M0$HV!&#I(\J2)U#$^8JK@+PZ
GX%5H?2/^.!6/-YY#


MP



6WAJ+S'


MY
2R+
)13CQYSA.KEG^R?&QI8+O_CFS?AL%CR.L7]$)1!=%G




)N*`4`

B?Z':TD^']Z(2'?IY:??`O[]






^8'GYW29XB


]21T5;5]IDSU:N9
*4!U-W[;RM:6D/CV1TDG:GF:*;.ZO1^

S.=0-L



M6'OV*M.


U;$1]\%Z(%C;&A=#


3A=4
M$\$KM;+^I`H_EKG


QR
M!`+\T%B%N5XY0-G:I?B+Z9'&-
2/'9NZ4(30-P6L\8I[YE`+7N=Y$I_!Z0
MN^5[7D0?['?[DSL4\GV;R?[_X$^LMTZKN5K]M4\/_D=:_41FF3#XK4;X^Q

NX

MJ&7N$
N]CM;
FTGI(M/W0


MAYNK!08:S'C#E_/3?JCE-#==LK::*EC!8]06$G_`Q8)%54`2D]Z81N,'G:2
M%-7B+YE]'9EFJP@4P2`I&-8QHD61%E1K0H:Z_A_DC!FV;R:'VD!J6`%Y
K8
=
M=<
;Q4I3&M.U-GLPL*TX@0%A8N^UI05
O2Z(71&FFH.^PN]UO)QQ(Z1MU_N
M?L$G/KKOL4_GW?+#PI[3Y[_:Z_E'UJ;S5QN:.8H;/4
3V':5]TFGT0_O/MZB
M4?SUX^=;A6]#8?L0RY
7!UC23JIQP\PYWQ7V











[&4J#BWXJI65\7V/-^C




SHE6RQ96*(
8X6

4U]?#YZQ^@^DO





MU=
2HZ06B0

M



SCY0?K
P6(RWE!5=0]_A


JR[O

\9O6.0-(SFL
M*8+-9RD'3._/S-[$#@=`EJQ0C?&'T`X=@A1/.94;Q#J\I\:E=3BPTD_@X-*7



^W%E0@(.?P

4S2!!4

M


CS/S,3@,955
M6:K')(.DPPWSBH8XZP&<_@FW=;:\YSDX]<#Y2LXLN($U;T[C+F7*``*5!


`GZ4*QFP
=!L75MAP:IXVD

FQ


&SS::PX%2Q4KNEO3[JX8J%BD
M@8JB2X5E-L;-.K

MRRTNGW4=Q;ZQ/-Z@(#E7-EC?79%F,4^1I\BG7\(\U(GW*Q?Z3/741XPP)6

V1&.




M;`UP]O'[@(F4FQ&C@
2X2;
6H'0S.0R51R!QAC14^28;Q%O/7=C
LXB(Q(;Q
MX.
$OI2;Z00$`Q$7!5-1TV-*?9X
ZX]`NZE?
A\6+N&5R:'@MR'FS'L/(Y_(
MU-$.NI()HN7+ESA\4YRCH&$'GMY8.Y.FF`E:/%I/2?PZI3@UDT6TC#`5;B/7
M7HT;G.?#F@R:*)^T.=2U:X/^




MEJUB$B]\B67EZ529H2LK





15;8;)6I0DG*4:!-I

P!UO&[(M.(O=O#G+1J=\)-`V2
Y*`5*X((Y9CSC
M$;.&J.C'C$(?4IY88!P[1F7X`C/X*;$]48+U*)].\A=Y0ZNX;VY2EP2)CY2I





M










M`A(WX.(]

?7./%@1RRA
M&'K`[[R%A#M(%29N@)N_0Y3=N(N/&




!7B3%IMV%GP+\NGZZ_S1
MP]@__S[DX\$W5MZL'RY69F1,43J,9PDN/!B.\JEZ<;QY\8X^)J%T<X#'7$
M:L&C=)%3SX16[`%6]H^I!&;5@+8I:FJ;F'*XR`D@FK-CB]\%7BI8D8)-

&/RV
$T\Q4Z
:=V*8Q!
MTGT8DVKR;8FBY-`@22R7JARGV*3/0U;(W+?OX^(J/^W_ALT\`RRNP+:590V!

Y@KQ


@-H_#1RW#/.14##
F\-B8C^LZAV=$CDGCH34
+N!XM


M

M&`*FUW@)E9H6GS4;03^KE06]?M5

M:O








U

A@N?2)']HF(;O%+O\=I^CWV8S+D94

7;G;A
VD]ZN]^Q;Z[_^P/[[0T&SF`Y_

V']VT[QVMQLF=&7ASB(L'SP



M5(?YF78*)6]_@


4E9BP`;ZEB?JOIP
MBQ-Y`^!N6
;-X@F'?L

\?J9+C%HR`F

MJ

M$

I\L#5&&$ZT8M5AI



1VC

\N8GDX'=?(H
M1&B#T!X%=NOT

_N


M




!NJ-+FY
J&DTM[6Y%


M9$:U:4.:(
U

MH

XP3DG&AR#Z
MD-H$B6F)Z6Y2;XZ)NU)5IP


8]

W$]OZ$PD5EDT$
0XI1.!_-A
M:#_]I
86@=_6^^2





M@]V;[R%66!TY


MFMI$U:8'&
L7Z6.@.H`Z/60.=G]\5CR&)`-=QPQL
C?1G/'%96+0*I:[4!R/




Q0R)VN7]TY]Z*

FCJ


U1STB=)'
H5
&YC!T&$Q3=S+Q#'VVP:



MD`=
VG[[DG[EL_4']U0'65QMX8O!O^@BY,%A00@F-,?OWGPT5T4!B$U?@.







JJ&9:(:VA02:KN`8PM.)H/)
M1'F!1

M&M*'XK4L)V+@!4&T8I\=X
;2<








6\\K.3)+[



M@+M31=/L/

=V)ZK7-TS$;G%;2U-EMU.IZACD94YR=


MUZV`#WPBH6*CU;

MC8WX:G_`^^62@%^!)._Y8H7DZ%6_]QV;)0UTB$@CDZ/HHI*KTTBL@O0+-
MM?2T?B!4`18#OVK%4:AY[]D=0WH&R*VZ51M-9JC`66U8D-_#).QS7T?7_V%
MC[Y2TB
9LFO+875X3-(8:+.]ND[T[0Y:JM51NM^2::Z*=XRPW`RRCS1]:Y





M^V



3L$K5/_6M(#$

HG<!_KG(%3LU=JR?=#U51CC:+D/-L0R%[[MX)?0'$1OI!<^
M$A]:JU*`
J:B

MBZ]TDS+H`ZQ#07(I*[PM7SK%WU7IJH^'JO&\`+][+N]45AJ8ZFK:%,.D9
MD)Z!MK5&R=?5!CSHN#Q:JQJ5/@



44D_![A&)

W4$Z=3FZ=?R
M9%
+2[*768E/N9:B0@._Y@BXE+S





MJ5?=*XT4[MZ_4
&?F6J.9NJL3OG6F81^3*K?C51]5$/'$SSR$Y-I8E




M34#KD)NV/XAX



9SF:&=CC
O[L\QDH68%N#!P7LEK(6





;MI`


M?KLOU9@J]J\;Y[3_*MUD-Q[

JC6
BNV/

M/GNAXEJ?&M/9I#.$(&5GWGPXPY^
)K/)L-3=4+U86P#NG7-[?-#:X[:3L:%-
M9Z5BIS





M&R.94-+??K/GCQ9QE/=V0!R`YZY[Q'0$3UW\9$(+?WO/*\2[QLDQ8:B-AS3&

M:[R\AZ91W8!4%TLYD-X2]U_6RG:5._+H$+\_1'VR4]W@Z$#5154.*-]:..1%

U]UKN
3I7U(?%XKZ


M[[Y$G2T\%![).Y;/B`/&KOI5(`X`O!?



0&INPJNUHG%XR&EO3(D:E
M0ZU.HT9KM';I6ZD\;:SG];0R9P92;7W
'@Y6^/ELL!^N#Y2V+#-

MF9+ZC*8F!A]*U`3;UWJNA9X8^SZ=T]AFC.QQ&@T-D4X/`UVBGWUOZ?DK*VG.




8%V^[
ME
TOV$


MQ/'W9K#TOX]
^G4W^_A*0KH^T``+
[1^''^WW

MY)_5VF01T-[WF*MQS^YQ3/?X]\@EBJFQWT]D?X6^VQLG]W__CS[2WISL\14:


K2E^;.^^/[MPG5D`HIO&_&=Q9+VT-;H^=73L7
M.QRTIF/'KO5QQG?8#





:E-S.CD(3C[H^)O'47X
?)JZ
M9HS&6;:X:]56P&R*36
`^^M7ZTYXKCS9$'T[<MX#N^[3AH-5.E







XHTPSN_
XHD8;.H43^M:$SYW``379#SV?


(4^*R1;K
U`)*7!Y(EQ*7
MK=%EIH93HO(PLI2H;(\JLZ6W$ID'TJ5$9GN4F1N$)I%Y&&5*9+9(F=FI=!*7
MAQ&FQ&6+OB(I?%KS%$E4MB;'':D5M2C()39;C?EDYV9*;!X:]I'8;#/RDY]@
^/R^=1B?HN0Z\2];U%7PLIBQ+Y709@)?)[#05*Y/<6E5I*W/<7(#DA
MW.
H)%SS[6ZPWA;!^F#9_C]@M-=-$$0K!N.MY3CX63M9J;EY3I\1C
U)W=K`

:9EY+&&J=
2BIKFNLH
MB:QIDJ*DL:;9A9+&FJ8%2AIKF
\G2:QA(IZDL

M


EBQ#M
MA[_IT^%D.FD[#6@3UCYQ4D)-VW$R-(VQ.3UOI!R8[E1$F3'+3JP_1X0=F.Y4
M0-C0&(UFH_/&V('Y3@6






C$<ZCIC=6VZX<'N

H!&[K


3!;SU$H!&+KNE^%

)JNPF%0&UM

MC
DH=_)E[]\?BEJA@LED:(R


!Y(NE%





R78?X


$T)1NH5:T#/\S2G%KZW%
6$^/HW@M#;Y5^&RXI/K$H0!9ZZY^5MXY%
M+YY.%P\\QUZT@<=P$?_8]9*7O5U*7Y0J*2$:0UF[PXCSS=*[!]BI`W(0*
^LL*;FR7W7R8)TJ;:`.(;SXD0*
G8:YOL4CZ%1$XST^5`\':Y
M


99X3-?GQ$.^9;OQD&#_5O0IQ

]5H3^-#CDT;
M&%-Y:I6X;



M[0QI9P@'N+0SI)UQ4+&`+-L0XR0

R8X\9@
H'N)VEU`ZXKH^E


M'=S`)G`T\]'4#\64X+\[!/1Q^`+K9*8\LT[8[RY;[(RVNL-X.Z.=ZOIHA[4G



MQ%&\=VIX;


415;C_L,`^[WNNQ^,7^
MS;;DD++6&%P'-MPYG8<%B`XX+LMK




M*\9AZ#-J+THQ+\AAJ)I9LVY
?!/E[`
KTB[I)78BS9+^M1QIEDBS1#C`I5DB


M7I2WQ%]9KK1;:JN#TFX10`V2=HNT6X0#7-HMTFZ1=LMY'(:T6P0ZC#.R6SJ*


M9;Q&$/FO8J%N'NECV7G,`%4H[$0_0V%5JRE+2-M&7$N[&BT:]XJ+CI3+3

$.0Q]JAJZ-&;$.(R).IH)H7*=3K2%FC7&L'?+1D9;^F!=ACJ2%DKO

!-E%G8R%4-WD8;_21.IH9\C#$.(RA.M*%R!&7X1<!+)F_6RL2*+]Y
M8,1\D$;,+D5%&C&]ZT32B*E!J-*(D4:,*!=6FB[-TL:&JCD4HH.2/`SLHB#M
M2'$.0Q<C-M9_/:U`]@*U!*HK_37
VWB%QRPT!'


FW#B4V6%@)/


]@I[LM2E$V*Q;3V6UC

M4KEOUHR_'A


_Y
XI)1L.E_;#5N**
MOS4P1GMA^4IO



A(=TMEY3`?(4L


M_O


G]T[7]')


%ZS3%IBO#6

N]F.OV




MB1=V




M)`@=SD4'HD?0$L]X5U'[$J$3TO6?BJPJ6)I*%8KNAIU@*W^?-@T^PU!I[
MBRPVNC!,UT86




MZ

6Q76PWPR
.[5
M2$L1O;(=AW)@Q::H?K)LA[6YP<XV]#Y`CQ#\[Y7]&IO?+&S*PF%-:#V#!$J7
MAY1P.-`'UEUD#48/7*4KVWZ-4,3#\0E/H7CV?/_A%W
&1-7UI&_]@+X.H74


_)?<%0`^@5V9?&M.K7^=


CQ$V_


CW]8&F_0@'H0]&

@-5C#

M+@6X&WKQE#AS?1=]`;E=%FBSP`E`+Z&@%3&M
M^/W?]I(L&XC6<!-#*L:!$82/57/

M!%IY;RJ4&8/9F2YT$K\K'/9@::3Q0:J@I;?WJAQ:PW2I66:TD]^%C.`@3H
MT5HH&3T=19C,[1XNB1Z&:)]A6%0#A(!E5:2.IMJ*T+Q@IIP8M`)5ZP9ITC
*C47+'<OMH`=R!\IX*BH<7I]+Y13S6_WZ&;]L+:@4H9:SCWT$V
D^

M;7M



MK-P=MHW+@$.




9?]%*EQ(%R@C[-53`F(JWYW(^8J83W;*\AZO$
M7HER?&4M'
UQ5R
\P9*RE1']P.
8RT3^V')@YV+*G?_5KTYD1L4


@#-F&\M8'MC





G]20
D3X9Y(:D=9D4
-C@^1#]8AN!.YI;GA

SU&^\-^5B




M_&Q1VET4%V3^4+9F


MJ&
;(:L-\@+
M81H.C



@!0N7_RJAPQ;
M/^5,9'XEL]GD0M7V+?G\

4!GKC`$I




@HS?&-W#QJ

M



ZS)NX

\YI%4Q+*&
(?DA1;2QIR7G\5';$
B8/;'
MG#@.[]KZUQ^T'_#W8&W-X]\1E+_^
$=%[X=SUD,L:T#D/\TQLEGE2O:3^^


[271;%[H:&F-U
M8M:

M]+U*$LOW/H3.ISC+@V_CX`W5F%#-=+A_I/](!R]T'*B!693T6$QZ*4KAO-U0



M8NK]#;*-7KIJ

LDTYV
G]X)\M@WH'FJ\@0TA%.@[MG!#B

M^2*
KB$\'C?.LDR8#,.#H!:<8XX2Q5^;`+)DM%J=?,VB\DO')?`H2;YDO,W';
M'EK%CAZ@,35588?]G,Y&VW4@F1D&D&9-02%L2KJ2G0VWX$/=X/-?81KM;2:Z
M!N2Z8[3M.*:/3;(N#$N<J,JS'U@XRSKWO-]-FH)IMJRQ5Z542+4!I@E]08X

[EL._9$/9&??2*9H



MCQ6H[GF?0T10^$'NHA
X)FTP[?(0$TPE!ZGD#G$GR!34'




F$K2[9ATOUK.*9/MN(QL`Z#)V79B

#$T
3(S
5]C86PN






#A*9Y;


L3'N!OU).*-;9&4AS`@#B1^HY&%


M

$A6N#9
PK;RH!`C]#%^#V=X33NM
HK@[6;




MJR-J!T?8BZ/\D\0R!L?#[S+[[./?TDGW-4Z#$LU:P\]82]Y[_9N-JP(WT$




PX@B=#N6.A`GZ3(^@A50;.A
2E/(?=[\N)CYS/=`99I0L-<FI[OO2U2AV


6FT;9X.?8ST&Q`E;JSJ/ZE?U[7
MZN
!(

MU&2Z'97V0^$D+Y6F`D(`
PHQ0CU)V31.+:6V1V45AC?6@&KJ`WJC)45P';4^
M7G?T$:M`4$;E







M6L*RX.LOL@

MR[.4G#'+/=/


MA.=!B$N7'GYQ_2!

M']&+@]
`2Q[=(X]:[\.Y]9-80+%I09
W7
M\/V1:?Y?;^&^TVC0ODKWM


(


M]EQECY[BY`J5!R3:EJIV



MD+45K?+CT*6'%JOIEUC9S;#H=M:[\




MI.LEU!)PZX%SM+



;TG@-
MT67J3IAH.3A,(6R:DWD75WIL5RZ



CZ8


M@ZD

MWN`G$`FSY-A1)-^R1UK9
ZWTH68)YIYF+#1SY\OB?7MJA2RLXC%]KNBSA_
Y


M4[%HC




M;5\O=^(4^4+V08:J;T:B=^*SX&LM7W+0;:=U3?E**T2QKSS]GV=Q[UHRT:


DA
M
Q!7/[#!7W7H3

30Q
C
Q7V1E9BYX;6Q55`D``QBW&548MQE5=7@+


2[+:[FJ




M!E^^?-D-?TV:EEJ^WF

Z@[3O?/5#

;(A;=P9M'_$ZU*





3

]L
M`1!]'/MX5WO._K(/?HFLT3(
EB&;Y*H9=:1A



-)5F7!!:\+J]\'H`W




M-`^:6'$4HOA`0.#I\AYNVPY!-)IP\4!99J50B$F\2YKNQFUV*P'(QSL=;-M&


MBJ8
301'7FC7OCH\NE;=K5
95AJB33++BX(AKSJ:*\2G5%`%7
]B\Y8E($;S


\!




C.O7ART1N$8XB?G2GT[P@I/IA2
M




3T:




X7XZ
TN9:;Q;W10M/

MO


[97]


M5CRF%0VJU?&[7'8FQXKU`HE25ECI



EJKRLL3F3Z(


T8-HXD:)JIX.MON\
MXZMQHB7$7+*7M.Y
5`P:X7K724V/R4!1E3=1&7#1P92!XFIO-!;XA^=X]&K/










M[`E602&L!(TY]5[0LLTP&V=:@)+M5UJ2F,ED$._2%3'&096-QD(IE

MB93B_@VB.09/#_1A8

M@'G%ISCJIT

W*#^Z94)K.9NO[\
M.
P*TG4NPL-2-9:F$M(]N0PK:T@G&H.6/MEO;

M=#+
-517J;,7C/-9,)DOE,FDJH,J9YJI\1^TX7<[

)R@*
3ENKJOG4CM%YM%F
;EW2



DTT=M?4Z)%M]3E$

F5&5C!:\W=71'FM








M_;)C47A6)`**`592:5QA!A'R+MUA*03Z^3M.P1T@E!+C#\8PF]Z5N]5X2K
ML]XN$@'Z=?.7I*A7(=YT5.?JK



MS)+%G(1J11A%_`WO_3#5CRVU?#OMK[HJT-7S8O





?YK.ZUT:4[)^[(TJP37(HUV(3:U$CQ1+
M]#Y8!4.D9-0)L++#ALB+C3M+/

B+)LO8;I@M8A

M3+#(,#._3*@1XP[](NFVWE!U0F)`A&H:^@VI'2]3TB0TY7R)O?0;S(3O]K
MY)TN




MKQ
H<IGWKG(F



M#]

#WL)824K9BCS/OG&!QQ









&I8A'.-BW[QP316!=E$

M74K5/D





UZ
M264QFF7ND6,_04]*QT;@8^E?`Q_T#!RJ]DBWY$9<EDQ)[TCN!FJK`F?-BF4




MN=


MCFG=;[16*J_F;+1R+=:QM%)QT#\]5%WZ_A+:9TM

M#.O#Z%0[SK!41H/@_+6
B32X6_8AI#34AU$X*8QCZ:
&I2F[X6U=E@'E^ZQ'

S$Q3QG#D3-+\R:.)%WK^B:!+P(V'TOW]V
M
U5?\WN)Y@TQHE2U]@OA82:`$HXSY\!FWX*P7X3JZ0#




M


'

'
MTK0JXO5<TTY=X/NC6;PC_`M#6:IJ*Q9UI:FGMI+G(L`/;W6K<.7SO]8.L';

MK533\X3'!WPW4^9]0G

[]:YOI\R;A'K[

C=W0



MI(FW-?&V)M[6Q-NN&V];-4MTL-=E!=SNUT49M=U\&&?`X0+AP/E72-IH=@;O




]$E%'.U8&J@4\V\K!-8Y
MX\C\2([

1+PVD';$?


ZN3BWT2H[?DQ4[01?2


*7

8BQI
M9.@9'3I=(.*WQUD7`
SV^C*^&6T.GS'+HQ9_3_^AQ3/)-_\/4$L#!!0````(



M-TV6Z?]$]\$:_XP^X@1G09%F_Q/]&L1;^IOT-HIQAJ[2]2;&!29_X!_^&?WX






MNGG!\'?Y./OX^U6:%&3*)SZ7_)1'(=V=(4MR$@O@:!?
8RQU;VZL8V!OB#$4



'@S:2C
I&GRCO`P=!$N


M0SNV#Q\4:


G6HQD3$E+UVG#H$(!@DRK/@P8#;P]K]^+`L
V_D]


M0V'DX.Y27.
LV@5%M
5.I2;S#@BS;B:G<KRD<2LL$%+;*:9#ZPD/HKH*
M1#2$$#$A:&=Q?&2O@VHN$KS(L9Y?I7&<9#9!2!JGM%18E)?0(N*`19J#%JJ
MT5

:/32MB)YS3`\/!(5-1%


M-OFR-V^+F`18X2U!PV2=DM_]L[Q
5V5RSS+RTS_PHM#=?SS%ET:]


M%.L#H:(\CM-5=/C'+


M-\BTYE*=$SL

;M@7J&\K0+NZ?M/,W**')41RT


B-.

WC?J)R14E0R\6FO%`N-8YH'(PAF)
MKM05\O2DXY8&5BO;K04LTGG'CH5R8K7?DA0]':



G&RV%

54]L8JNMRCUK_^&N&

M
HOBYF5QS;M(2M(1GU35*MMZ6%5*!\/#Z96S?
E]SU-1_]A&&SBG'D]!C/-'
M@MEDB^\5Q;L
M*
F$NK4[200R@B]@\E&.UUER)(E!Q;M7]&.HQ$@#08?H_SS



:&TXCI5D(T+%ZQH



M#'W=3%CXR[A8H'MZMFAHTWK@ZBN`A$-(41,-J94/$O)T=%\]B0N?RCAG@\

M%L/ZAI_8!HJX<


J45FUBMFDA0D2F
MH`DDX^]E.HD3^YO3],6)%U:@"1*F@R=@;G$L7C'2I?6US2E16[70N80-$

-41NP=5[8:JC-/&1-B7P+=:S$Y+(B
MJADK/4(/-6TEBDH*V;:H8
%IIJN9VO5'MB&%RGBRUU5_2QO:2(BOTT6:;9

IERV!1




M!L6$$I



M92LPJ.A`X

M?MQPTJ!V-ZQ4$(

_]L?J'Y-XVU2!-G^
M-HIQUM_BU]-R*%FEWP](@`@4:NF0XL-0=B+!X14CK#1[Q)LR)*5O10:ZL&

M0$`0M5+`@!





M$A^NL>%'DQZ%K]/
938LX2WXQG4TEF9TG8Z!9`#LM-4=$:M


4!PKS#]5@6J*Z3)UPH6@7L=12[`5:$L%H022C-1--=\^#
M6C@,1]MZ+(6V`6V6';T)75FAW&DQL8V[O65G1'=G2\_C';6.BDI\+%KX1$F


!
06TE+?R_83^3)Q^





B+3J*9
U-YP:#'BR+0[%
MX:`V644_


G


MXP^_/@-#,`YGX!.?-T.^4\@W--YY/


M)?N39)L&#.04BLFFPS11@^W/[[5H^_%?+G[ZEY\N?OKI_3F@;A*&K+)E$#\$
M43A-RKMPJCT=%?6HNV=ZE3L;9G)2




M
N;-D`0TY\TMW
M*MR!VZ=M[5T[1G]6G)[.$%SB/@LV

M0GONDY=V_QCD3T&

BG7:J2OFT0GY.R6$`

MB%8\0.!W&T096_U.$Z(33S6_20IV*/O\$A170;Q@Z2?$1G;YK[-4_I2D\QQG
M[/6W:;+9%H^85VLGH_)3DI7_H
U%XM)D$6]#'$Z3*K=%T=9^51IST$!H_/9X


6%_;KL
][VI8[6;`V@-3J2??
M#$N%C0Q@@.&'VG?J%SBEE%Y`(ZHJA4U#!A0X@H)]Z-S37?0:.!$C!P(;^M3L

RS=



MD

:K?G!24QK-6124W%\EH:F
(`5[/
NR6]QROM;HEU98R4)ODE
M7J89YG3/]'#QERA)LZC85]/@)`F[4GA!FU]P\9*&K9PPY9P[H@;C7T$8M6G%

Z^1@^K=E%.-V;)/RM'`.B@OFZ.TIM=X@0OE94.

M

!X==FFNK*C\\X*VC'QJE6WC4HI(1CLZ;0S


.*HS0D+9<5NJTC9[]7KC$
MJRBATP*Z#,@?%OB9I!NDP+(N#772_-7)



MG;H?K0'J4_J#)7J?6HYJAJX4&WHM):
5%XV'TKX23X)=+1IA)/_QBPIQ?J
M.Q\PG.8D_

<[:(%SI^)$7G`+DC;/[-U!,&C!R%':0@A
M=#E(*IAQ<C13M`,GW;`\@WK<T./9O!2.BA15']0.'S@GG^,N:W3=)]?KH(-/
MB.O('SPL$&X2;6:1LM^\]_P8PR')22499F/];NIW67ZF5K\.*NR(V^VS997

$[40DGU]ERZ1)0)



C?0?



MRLJE;

4=%K4+E?Y17T(ZSW'IMHK/P?HY$
(NF

M50XQKQ-BN@CP[F\/T=KJU)X_\-HYIV?%5

C_B!8YVFGMC=JQ^<:HV1@]1D0^^!U7J+-ER8H3TE*FD/-'J2E2R*3GQ)<3

MQ))8
6X$@0\8'X+]H&BQYH
1*O;








8A)7RX1%Y&!5;



MPI97&0Z5[_)IZ'WM7TC55NU4=(C!`
^DH3(:9KL/&=ZE\8[=B6)
:!DLRG
7
M%FY`O-7\B
O[V
14&]QIZ




-FMXCNG#R5
A9;LN$C-TLVY
Q]6L0




AH:;


M9.7^Z-_!P$6BE'B/JRS71T^

CTDESO
UUTC$;H!VJ'R`0#
M[R

^E)^V\QS_L:5O.Z=\

[6^?C9

M6U6-U/+
C9[1S:H

M'R(
%MH/L

K#C(

MW-IMU\+H7X+CUWX[TI*4'IB3Y3(M?!.R

EQ-KRZQ<6ZEP,
M&-Y_EJVI'P%@C9(&D<A/XI)P@?2*?2DIO/F6!#7;[*:\MJ/)'O


DYB`.;K#0Y1SS(J-BV4[R!20P\'AV8E^^BK6%;!YYK
M%`UK3MZ-KM&2V3/\-`89@CAA`Q)M;I2U_@#<8VLWD








M7W&X&G8O\B)8X+[*:WL7Z`.##0/]P&L5!8)1&U1+*@I!2*&JF0_?R`IC'Y



MNIVS&`0Z*JQW+/1^SQM27]7!8

ME

MNZ]`R6G!8




M;Y]H3.S)%6PCJTL!!C=2M?JH^

??4



M%2I%(BYSO&?8+'!JP^7SD343`LTL
<8])Z+ZTG,-FQVGJS+7#VEZ+UR##


MI'BCZMT

Q<NNMD9YZ<ZVA!X,\BR4%-('*TIV`?TAY0^TGBH7@2S$?;C
M_21
-_2A1'

]N7?$V.LHR4)F3*CD@N&+[O%KZ^7V+$W(

M2O


M&V
!%4]O6&R`/98K:0VR#KE-LW4P39;T/S8CR5G*J`4NAIG8*7_A)@(
ZH?I

4/'BBM597@L
G?P[#R]ZKY
M):5YM5&![Z(=)E%90?2/2#S&TG'RVVU!JPRN:=6/?[*A5]YY=HK$C_
)'_'*
M





MJ0@*[A*:FZD/.&





*[Y%FB[/9?#5%G(7
TG5B'57W#`:@'.$F+?-LNH
M)TK^Y1

6
R2-=S0V7#!.`E/&NH<!TFE28-)D!;\RQJXE\E^4
M!YFM76Z;^66XN'$O_1UF=/=X#!98`!^H`&25QHW:<)\
G'642D+Z@FV_(XN




WLB?TJ-$'XID
MRG*JH
]U\XEBMFRM0ZK!8\Z;'9GM!3)0\RLLR&'/&.UT
U'Q!;O);RH+G9


L4*O
SG*)%SSSIC3W

M



80XX\U8L!





F#%)P*+`_.53$B7L'A^9T+=)H5E/91C[S(I

&:E9KB&WXU$YH'
8

M_#K+S/6&Q#O94[HL2
B+60%2F]6IE




M-!A5DSF7356V'=*C!9.DB*K]_R=:'ROJGZ?Q6)MA5GPO4[LW=R398_JLHS9'





M]Q
ENY\^C';%(E*H/5EI_\SZ%*!02=DI2CH2&!-`!=G6U@V=_F[I




M3




M

#LM42O`K3T6C-YR(
M+(KC32WM]%`EXVV[IB:T3H$
[2!G\0%$G?(RW

HZ0.50%GH_@)&L8O
M



K00^+U#\0EG8,+)NB[J[*$T)R*\G8SO%+O(YD%:`WE6=+\
M3I%E9V2E]-LK[*X\5;F
-
ZOA-6CWJ]5K=IR0K-9-9)$T
+``NE!GJVF_

M\S@UK'Z5+
QL@]BYH/#$@=E!7N1M!*WF%4[-OS`T_MA8;&EEG-+ZL-N3U_



TS
MEOWMPVD83#ZTR7PY%TNS!F'Y;/%KG/!8Z:@66
]BVI.N#-47TFT8`6T(&#?.

-3NJ=`GJD*#U\
[*
=MAFJ7Q]
MN&:@]XXB!R7E^-DQ-NK)4L+(7SYDNS[TZA?!T9PG%
#P:I
=SNC%M2#&.3NR
M5DW`


I#V)
%ZAF0W^G//_I
^DW

M!_Y1ZW*YFM5]I
PM8)'7R^R;<A+;[-8E<.5'FMF4/)?N5^W]YT:^E&C
M5Y/:XA0


MP:#025TY&OD*A/E$RA!'
1Q@WD4)3:1G#EPY#MLDX[HV4;FN(VO^#@8P$J7D




MW&-56=#KH-AF/C/=96-$VOP2.GCY%EHMA9ZH1_.&3A[\0?J#8_(3]M4]!0NQ
MZ^9M@Y




VDJS`+%T
?Z]S'F-K

M7#7`C&1_MJL\`MO%B1*TQT$&9+_VT$;ZE2QD2;LD(5T4+\B/S^FO;(F
LT64
MTZ



M2P2@\2[L9`QL*+&!3I(GXT$[_SMUWKK$O+$WNFJP0@DP[:$L$%WRHUH`:DE`
M=]$2TG[B:
W98;G$JRA)V*/'[$4)M\
`7RI^N6[)KG/\^2:]?D`#(EBM8W17

XRKB_IC
M)?K*O^L_A#A!


&?58


-&R%
19
5)ICV#
MD8J-TQ;Y!:J/5[Z


VJ\0;:'82#
MHO?Z5/^DVS62[YQ3[*ILIN






MKFA6



J]'MN2VL?IZ/&/'MKK85.E*RK+]\





ML16`



R


L[:QUPN


U1!OBATL%
PJ.





M:`SHCX


4AMJ#$
M*&^-*W$H9C(0PLJ


M0VN0%NI23KC@U:DKACP5+2*+RSE98=+[\T`A*8[*1YSC;(=S



MBNZ:N

4
)

K[H:WV]@RJ^?

MK_?1-:^%FW


RE2+.`ZTF]84

MX-(Y!Z9H@DF['.3W'#




MEAZIWWIITR!_F28W;V0FRV?+VS!:D/GO*=HLIDF^S7!X%ZVC(G](XVBQ?\9O






J<\=U.K3$^ZBF#QPIZ.[BYRITEGP<//Q.IUK[JW!HL$VJN'VJ-Y=)2=




N@

DT6&@QQ?8_[?:=(L[9JM
M




?5110BL4_1:O652G+T!'U


/8/

'?H@A3]7^8AW44Z
F28W


(^3N


NDRI]1IU5YMSKDF





M5'75DMN:$U@7.:H-



01K2H.-GS-/D%FI-.P[&7/ON4!/P]`1RV*X).BB*+YEN6
M
L0+^A)!M&1/BDW*E#)-+8X!
M


M(EFMESX!R








'K%ZV57=PM0
O3X0&




IN4C[)]BYY?HARM@SVM7A5O0XP*(G5'*Z-043FMDX+2#&V3J@3CTE@

H//&PH'/&_TP^_Q/!ZMTSMVB%OF





FMU-3`ON+:^YX5[7H%=%\X



IZ

M\**78E6+0$P&6P_44KP4/:5ON1LC5^E%92W*=YU]ZK('^YC=-785IQ%P%@


M*A'5A




MG-2W/.B]^C9DM^5?^S=Q#N.1$`=?R1#9'=6J5Q4:;7:KZFL@DROD'-=G$C



2%_:3W'3.U/UYMM@;.G=%F\!B3*4;]T
M?)`@0#U_F/[B+

5)54XV_%[-WP'V+]/BQ<<;F-
HAFIPWNFFX/:7G:3`*BO!RHN)'&4
M8EALI_+WZ.]



:N<[\3*PFH)8(5:4!,+OF
M`2&)NB[K744



MVZ.SI5C#9#]AQ3-GRR51?[(*HB0OKM*87MC
@ECN5X\@&)3C/:8]=@5@VG=G
MN5S$!:-2




W5CCE9WI&51^\X:S193C

$
MVE(M$%





7V'*;%=2]2:HY;JB.GNJSQ*'.3Y;%FFA\VR
M1ZIQQT75?\S+O^;20\-!@@`]!WB8_D+E%J-GC*7+C-$.
1SMX:FKPF@I6E

M7[NED!]1$6_7)OCS$

MOP'(.9_
-/&61OF

MO=;%
&5M9`TY3$@HM=3V;N?1=)]EC^66.-4^=A0!OAO=JRKNU9;2PU4E]OW
M+/@.'-!/X]]W4\XN],8ECT/B.'VE-P.LYEN1#68_&;6UFA5K?E0+D/1?^U=W
MY?RZ^I7Y'_H$H;\YO\#4$L#!!0````(`%&?D9SF]N_(40``#8!``5`!P`
M8G)O9RTR
#$T
3(S


M.0$``.U]6W/C.++F^T;L?^#VB8TYYZ%
[PGY5NT8E^6U7=U[GCIH



M+R\O1Y[_;+_XP??P:.;#AKOWXV!&MF

E^2/XW??__?)^?')^^/C

M9A(Z/X?)]*[]F1TE(B;]C


:4B&?(I
M((M??G@







)_&X'@0T0NFJ[#J=P19WA%7FP7^4:KJ%IIP;4:N5$

OW;Q#-$8O/:]&T?=&DD:C278!![L

%F)^^IUPB#S5+:L0^##`@WK+MNXPPV64#7_@PU


)[6Y?[*#KBP@
MT=
$7[#5CC;=SJEM3:J'KLO^YJX5?IH75:;]:!GYSGP,\E`;1%+I4%0Q(






S8YDL(*7*73J%W,X(\%1;WM.7O]!-B(
:DV!(!SC0X%#M0D8

PG3






2`G-&TOZ3W*
MI)*G[9:N4U[&KLLN@'XET9
_GRYV%^HEN6?[#6GLN$`9$+\KDC$IU+/*[5^6






+^S`H]MA6

M(%@G4

M04B+R

MM(X%%XG$P7Y#
0Z-;G3K%3/

#RRF]1_;%#N]MEX1WY)EXHN-I3G/#L4$)$I6U(R09AY+;Y3I_L1WO



ML@)'+!MR]!-%\7U+RWU*NMG.G:JAJ
#S@PX][(9`45&C?4AC=(15%4EE
M[N``M5@;LE(24K@*^9V


M8@^G]#5`Q-K5FYDKF[P70



:8<69*;

?VM0CJU\D#&BTKK




M$:&8%.QD_L\X.X%_\#D;=T:G;/&V&
Q1GMGW1)XN:THGGD5+!\H:/8#K$V/^JFQM[<(]D^#1#XEY


VA`P4E
E$/[WP_Q@

M842=H9P%EWZ0']M/@S/7=D17=12'

MNZF0%\J:B&Q!4'?C]0Q[M0@5.'H(?D25W!W+F!\-..=0&


=&ABV?20@K.=:GORO!)T29]89V-E[UL37(


IO9A




M`E)L!05'7T5+14XW7V





BRO;F5




[E'98M5%,1VW4\86^R36`O7;W?M25
M1XF,DX!Q\Y+]4%VR/QU9N^Y6L;_)=RH;Z*%*]%<R7[;.^]MK4*./=BK/&[Z



7G9*[M5?VK.\6J0W

M);?)U@Z[
LINGX9JRP\^@O$M4X16;3=4XPN6Y9@\CO7DNY23(8N5\0Y@ZJE!
MQT=6L?/?K*R[.=E
)R!?5M5V)F\JUMA_XT=$R2Q5&
+P@FK&IWH[494C6%;2
M=%W.(2HMGUHVSO')D97W
*C-MU.:+L[\%:N9F#`D.]-*LF+OGRBVCU2?S?/J
H@^&UI8A`
75=S@8L


T=M[


+RX9)K4B4!+:\2P9R!THX5VHDUK2C=)=*.O?










S
M?^DEI9\4-FAI5Z@$X`GB@/F!8SESK[5*E;*\)Q0\/



M]I

#MTNV+












MP4_=E-WF)EW6[`
=CF^Z`F]W;[ATS!A

_M

T'^SZ1&(.N?





$\H_8WJA;)G&4!O;(`




&^X:2E&0:
M\0&0=C2]


M


N.V/$=\QXCM&?+NL





\M$K*C[QPX)DPU28!2`1P`^
$X@*I

0Y9`
MRIR\Z:+ZG&_I=79A0%9M(-.A0;BETHY%)K4HQT^C
V:Y^'3V`;&SHQTRO_=W
M7*JX::(.0/Q^




MU5PK.\U18MQK])
_U%XUY_C);ZANO&0#6KL11]^9'W`^]4D:B26\0Y=2BP%Y

MC


H1)1SP28)L-R0:+IXL%_;B86^V0S0


4_3.1]R

9N\DK#^W2


M*:Z6



MS[Q^^X.?)&4'I':






/HEFI[
K_R=GL:!WSU84R[_7OBWY9OF@ROPG0H8?&*?;P0


M7K1%&?JQJCIX1867^V3$BSJGDWE.CABO/

U;'



%QL;CKUHAV7ZP1KYC



JF



M-XMY6??*HY@.IW:A:;G
P9)3+\P&F6__^(4J*8SV*OUA),(\KE%(DCA[\DG
MDKOQZ4?&))`Q61
`AF30$0(7(])(.;1&)-`^M9D2)-`=@8I

%A0:CNT


M
6CL0CYX3J7_PH_PJT=2;KHG';B#Y<R?:)'4..%Z::_#\==!Y&)R





[PN)5U):2U3:!]39M










H$']L&Q=_D%K=%TO''*/D8)1^CY



8DS1`M2V@_AA=


L%P$D=/?L!4




M.0L

@


MH%%^J\M/_UZC@13/9\I]JDGKI;*:VS:1](IWL48H)A9FF*OI8\^O/APA`J-
M3;M$1AJ


Z@4A\DP\!8R*S4U7$3*#



MWS9]T7@20[^[)Y_IB$2KMGQ4]RT$60_[[3%&]@/:[KV23D\[F

Q%VE&



\ZZ/TJ
M^H2.7KAPL%+V;;TV(&6UKQK784;$C


T'$.GK7MC2JG+


M
^+QC'@\(\;)^_&

M:T`!D=UR9!O(G=[QTS314#`-XVK,^U7$\
1R1@XT6]H1P9]W113RV:1`=]

-P86AI#2V-H:0PMC:$EG+P?0TMC:&D
+8VA
MI0





O!K)^64CNGTJ\U-#249D$_M?%![-J
MU+$?B'



^O


M_#1(_*.&4KYU

5$$?U[RN)7L.=,/L#0]C=('C0=HT%C-&B
!HW1H#$:A
AD







_9$\V*]D6^7`R7]U&_C/3DB_U!Q]^%2+/GPXLM+Q
MK&3`7:&#W6^M[:`F@Q%;JE4$



MV5M6'Y/HDM#58;O
E<]F-_$GN)N82WP2'$_''/W$CH.L6[1N22G1MQK


ME=RE*+S7Y3=


[N




PM#500$`X'C1L.0RG+#E56
M5$4006K;I$_2(!3:Z?



!QES:!S

V+-^&:_*
)/M&S^(GL[M[WYD

M.)G]&3NADR394



.;SQ2EEF_[YV=F@_\NG^X6D._$)KU]LXGS-(Q^\?_^^





]N+&=&W;VZ.WLZ#K)W?G1HA&]_G#1D=K\%GQ`:+?D1N
M8)AHR
[+T)O[/&ON*YA!B2TM#7R


M\S$2C([7Y!-$F/R

%M/B(

7X9D1Z&=UD8WI\:@J/_^4(L#B.F'2;^

7#I4U%:CU*5XJ'=2;6/0%O
MPV=NQ-SEQ'X&Z(0]1PO(@51X'J17X&JI\+CFZ2RY\
G\_QVGJV3X0ZPS_T


CMG(58*PAP1NJP5P
MSQ4OM58`U_AS^.N(O\Y6PV.)5G8]!(


M5$*DQT/Q??7!YPZ4_AT$A`=@1X,Q7LNC$AW.)2%II.(5/58G.A^.'5PM0=
M4


79Z&IGZHIABSO



M&JD6D4LE]E`2&_.J#@KC8R8]1&CE-S5GS^H:2GTF@AA^PY@&YT*ONHD^@/









&G'!1?)ZHQA#UP.#;



MZFYY+*#]IRJ?V
H*_H0GO+D)90_X69ZYFL/Z&EM39\ZHY9E)_0\H]R]@`AG;

MT/639/@6
`7/E



]==2

:D'QC]<3F#EO)VHLI6




1'

TH5:-`

N?5]CL46
M8Z[31T/=


MU[`FGOPND5UZUBO44BWED2
?JRKZY9&W5S/_.SN&7L4VV;&T;J'V:AEL+\A9




N-)_*

M8WW#R9*T2P




M!#D!``!02P$'@,4`````!0AGY&:4-]`A

MI('2)0$`8G)O9RTR
#$T
3(S

8MQE5=7@+``$$)0X`
M``0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`4(9^1JI-=O^';@``XUX&`!4`&````````0``

C`Q-#$R




`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value (in Dollars per share)
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized
20
000
000
20
000
000


Common stock
 par value (in Dollars per share)
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized
500
000
000
500
000
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











Productive oil wells
 gross
        
        


Productive oil wells
 net
        
        


        
        
        


Productive oil wells
 gross
        
        


Productive oil wells
 net
        
        


        
        
        


Productive oil wells
 gross
        
        


Productive oil wells
 net
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 in which the entity owns a fractional working interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in which the entity owns an undivided working interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
Fair Value Measurements
    at December 31
 2014

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
94
682
    
    

Derivative Instruments (crude oil swaps and
    collars)
    
7
579
745
    

    
94
682
7
579
745
    

    
    
    
    

Revolving
    credit facilities and long term debt
 net of discounts
    
51
834
603
    

    
    
51
834
603
    

    
94
682
(44
254
858
    





        
          

        
          
            

 and a discussion of changes in valuation techniques and related inputs
 if any
 applied during the period to each separate class of assets
 liabilities
 and financial instruments classified in shareholders' equity that are measured on a recurring and/or nonrecurring basis.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 Cadence Bank

    
    

600

    
    
    

000

    

    

    
    

000

    
    
    

000

    



    
    

307

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

907

    
    
    

201

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

645

    
    
    

273

    

    

    
    

834

    
    
    

556

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

834

    
    
    

556

    



        
        

    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    

105

    
    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    
    


    

    

    
    

453

    
    
    

092

    

    

    
    


    
    
    


    

    

    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

285

    
    
    

380

    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 interest income and expense from investments
 loans
 and securities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

the accrual method of accounting as generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) and the rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC).



reporting for an enterprise&#146;s operating segments and related disclosures about its products
 services
 geographic areas and
major customers. An operating segment is defined as a component of an enterprise that engages in business activities from which
it may earn revenues and expenses
 and about which separate financial information is regularly evaluated by the chief operating
decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources. The Company operates as a single segment and will evaluate additional segment
disclosure requirements as it expands its operations.

Use of
Estimates

with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.



 by its
nature
 to environmental hazards and clean-up costs. At this time
 management knows of no substantial losses from environmental
accidents or events which would have a material effect on the Company.

Cash and
Cash Equivalents

which have maturities of three months or less. For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 all highly liquid investments with
an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are stated at cost plus accrued
interest
 which approximates market value. Cash and cash equivalents consist of the following:



    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    

112

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    

150

    




accounts which
 at times
 may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
(FDIC) and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) up to $250
000 and $500
000
 respectively
 under current regulations.
The Company had approximately $-0- and $862
356 in excess of FDIC and SIPC insured limits at December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
respectively. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts.



crude oil and natural gas wells with other working interest partners. Due to the capital intensive nature of crude oil and natural
gas drilling activities
 the working interest partner responsible for conducting the drilling operations may request advance payments
from other working interest partners for their share of the costs. The Company expects such advances to be applied by working interest
partners against joint interest billings for its share of the drilling operations within 120 days from when the advance is paid.



capitalized and amortized over the term of the related debt using the straight-line method
 which approximates the effective interest
method. The Company paid $254
394 and $865
101 of debt issuance costs during the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
respectively
 of which the unamortized balance of debt issuance costs at December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013 was $701
019
and $772
883
 respectively. Amortization of debt issuance costs charged to interest expense was $326
258 and $749
920 for the years
ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
 respectively. When a loan is paid in full
 any unamortized financing costs are
removed from the related accounts and charged to interest expense.



costs in accordance with ASC 350-50
 &#147;Accounting for Website Development Costs&#148; (&#147;ASC 350-50&#148;)
 wherein
website development costs are segregated into three activities:



    
    

 whereby the related costs are expensed.




    
    

 infrastructure
 graphics)
 whereby the related costs are capitalized and amortized once the website is ready for use. Costs for development content of the website may be expensed or capitalized depending on the circumstances of the expenditures.




    
    

 training
 admin)
 whereby the related costs are expensed as incurred. Upgrades are usually expensed
 unless they add additional functionality.



660 of website
development costs from inception through December&#160;31
&#160;2014. We have recognized depreciation expense on these website
costs of $15
380 and $18
887 for the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
 respectively.



liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted tax
rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be recovered. The Company provides a valuation
allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to be more likely than not.



 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles and expands disclosures
about fair value measurements. This Statement reaffirms that fair value is the relevant measurement attribute. The adoption of
this standard did not have a material effect on the Company&#146;s financial statements as reflected herein. The carrying amounts
of cash
 accounts payable and accrued expenses reported on the balance sheets are estimated by management to approximate fair value
primarily due to the short term nature of the instruments.&#160;The Company had no items that required fair value measurement on
a recurring basis.



gas properties are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of three to
seven years. Expenditures for replacements
 renewals
 and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations
as incurred. Long-lived assets
 other than oil and gas properties
 are evaluated for impairment to determine if current circumstances
and market conditions indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company has not recognized any impairment losses
on non-oil and gas long-lived assets. Depreciation expense was $29
138 and $24
001 for the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014
and&#160;2013
 respectively.



from its interests in producing wells when production is delivered to
 and title has transferred to
 the purchaser and to the extent
the selling price is reasonably determinable. The Company uses the sales method of accounting for gas balancing of gas production
and would recognize a liability if the existing proven reserves were not adequate to cover the current imbalance situation.



for an asset retirement obligation in the period in which the well is spud or the asset is acquired and a corresponding increase
in the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. The liability is accreted to its present value each period
 and the capitalized
cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled for an amount other than the recorded
amount
 a gain or loss is recognized.



accounting for oil and gas operations whereby all costs related to the exploration and development of oil and gas properties are
initially capitalized into a single cost center (&#34;full cost pool&#34;). Such costs include land acquisition costs
 geological
and geophysical expenses
 carrying charges on non-producing properties
 costs of drilling directly related to acquisition
 and
exploration activities. Internal costs that are capitalized are directly attributable to acquisition
 exploration and development
activities and do not include costs related to the production
 general corporate overhead or similar activities. Costs associated
with production and general corporate activities are expensed in the period incurred. Capitalized costs are summarized as follows
for the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
 respectively:



    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    



be credited to the full cost pool
 with no gain or loss recognized
 unless such a sale would significantly alter the relationship
between capitalized costs and the proved reserves attributable to these costs. A significant alteration would typically involve
a sale of 20% or more of the proved reserves related to a single full cost pool. During the year ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014
the Company sold approximately 502&#160;net acres and rights to individual well bores for total proceeds of $1
441
929. During
the year ended December&#160;31
&#160;2013
 the Company sold approximately 189&#160;net acres for total proceeds of $608
387. The
Company assesses all items classified as unevaluated property on a quarterly basis for possible impairment or reduction in value.
The assessment includes consideration of the following factors
 among others: intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological
and geophysical evaluations; drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the economic viability of development
if proved reserves are assigned. During any period in which these factors indicate an impairment
 the cumulative drilling costs
incurred to date for such property and all or a portion of the associated leasehold costs are transferred to the full cost pool
and are then subject to amortization.


and properties having proved reserves
 estimated future development costs
 and asset retirement costs under FASB ASC 410-20-25
are depleted and amortized on the unit-of-production method based on the estimated gross proved reserves as determined by independent
petroleum engineers. The costs of unproved properties are withheld from the depletion base until such time as they are either developed
or abandoned.


(net of related deferred income taxes) may not exceed an amount equal to the present value
 discounted at 10% per annum
 of the
estimated future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves plus the cost of unproved properties (adjusted for related income
tax effects). Should capitalized costs exceed this ceiling
 impairment is recognized. The present value of estimated future net
cash flows is computed by applying the arithmetic average first day price of oil and natural gas for the preceding twelve months
to estimated future production of proved oil and gas reserves as of the end of the period
 less estimated future expenditures to
be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves and assuming continuation of existing economic conditions. Such present
value of proved reserves' future net cash flows excludes future cash outflows associated with settling asset retirement obligations.
Should this comparison indicate an excess carrying value
 the excess is charged to earnings as an impairment expense. We recognized
no impairment costs during the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
 respectively.



sales to various purchasers
 the market for which has very inelastic demand. Due to this
 we do not consider any purchasers to
represent a material concentration to our sales for the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 or 2013
 as we believe any of our
customers could easily be replaced.


 we
depend on our drilling partner operators to perform the drilling and other operating activities required for all sales of oil and
gas. These operators are also responsible for remitting to us our revenue proceeds and billing us for drilling costs and lease
operating expenses incurred. We had material concentrations of accounts receivable owed from four (4) and four (4) operators during
the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
 respectively
 representing 56% and 60% of total oil and gas revenues
and 36% and 41% of total oil and gas accounts receivable as of December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
 respectively. As of December&#160;31
&#160;2014
and&#160;2013
 we had 7.88 and 4.87&#160;net producing wells
 respectively. As of December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
 these
operating partners operated 38% and 37% of the net producing wells
 respectively.



are computed by dividing net income (the numerator) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period
(the denominator). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares and potential
common shares outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. Potential common shares include stock options
 warrants and restricted
stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options
 warrants and restricted stock is computed using
the treasury stock method.


of the denominators used to calculate basic EPS and diluted EPS for the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and 2013 are as
follows:



    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

979

    
    
    

979

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

199

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

179

    
    
    

979

    



calculation of diluted EPS because their effect was anti-dilutive were 13
683
209 and 16
103
209 as of December&#160;31
&#160;2014
and&#160;2013
 respectively.



compensation upon inception at April&#160;9
&#160;2010. Under FASB ASC 718-10-30-2
 all share-based payments to employees
 including
grants of employee stock options
 are to be recognized in the income statement based on their fair values. Pro forma disclosure
is no longer an alternative. Amortization of the fair values of stock options issued for services and compensation totaled $578
919
and $643
817 for the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
 respectively. The fair values of stock options were
determined using the Black-Scholes options pricing model and an effective term of 6 to 6.5 years based on the weighted average
of the vesting periods and the stated term of the option grants and the discount rate on 5 to 7 year U.S. Treasury securities at
the grant date and are being amortized over the related implied service term
 or vesting period.



&#160;2010
the Company adopted new standards for accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. These standards prescribe a recognition threshold
and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. These standards also provide guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in
interim periods
 disclosure
 and transition.


audit the Company&#146;s income tax returns. These audits include questions regarding the Company&#146;s tax filing positions
including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions. In evaluating the exposures
connected with these various tax filing positions
 including state and local taxes
 the Company records allowances for probable
exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter
 for which an allowance has been established
 is audited and
fully resolved. The Company has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities.


relies on the judgment of management to estimate the exposures associated with the Company&#146;s various filing positions.



were issued in 2014 with effective dates subsequent to December&#160;31
&#160;2014. We have evaluated the recently issued accounting
pronouncements that are effective in 2015 and believe that none of them will have a material effect on our financial position
results of operations or cash flows when adopted.


 we are monitoring the joint standard-setting
efforts of the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the International Accounting Standards Board. There are a large number
of pending accounting standards that are being targeted for completion in 2014 and beyond
 including
 but not limited to
 standards
relating to revenue recognition
 accounting for leases
 fair value measurements
 accounting for financial instruments
 disclosure
of loss contingencies and financial statement presentation. Because these pending standards have not yet been finalized
 at this
time we are not able to determine the potential future impact that these standards will have
 if any
 on our financial position
results of operations or cash flows.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]
        


        
        
The
following table presents all options granted during the year ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Kenneth DeCubellis
    CEO
58
000
    
    
    
    
    
12
974
    
    

    
James Moe
 CFO
40
000
    
    
    
    
    
8
947
    
    

    
Michael Eisele
 COO
40
000
    
    
    
    
    
8
947
    
    

    
    
36
000
    
    
    
    
    
8
053
    
    

    
    
12
000
    
    
    
    
    
2
684
    
    

    
    
12
000
    
    
    
    
    
2
684
    
    

    
    
2
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Joseph Lahti
 Director
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
29
563
    
    

    
Benjamin Oehler
 Director
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
29
563
    
    

    
Bradley Berman
 Director
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
29
563
    
    

    
    
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
29
988
    
    

    
    
27
500
    
    
    
    
    
18
639
1
976
    

    
    
5
000
    
    
    
    
    
2
735
    
    

    
    
632
500
    
    
    
    
    
184
787
4
311
    


The
following table presents all options granted during the year ended December&#160;31
&#160;2013:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Kenneth DeCubellis
    CEO
750
000
    
    
    
    
    
425
595
85
120
4
431

    
James Moe
 CFO
200
000
    
    
    
    
    
113
492
22
700
1
182

    
Michael Eisele
 COO
250
000
    
    
    
    
    
141
865
28
372
1
477

    
    
175
000
    
    
    
    
    
99
306
19
860
1
034

    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
14
187
2
836
    

    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
5
675
1
136
    

    
Joseph Lahti
 Director
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
56
746
11
348
    

    
Benjamin Oehler
 Director
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
56
746
11
348
    

    
Bradley Berman
 Director
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
56
746
11
348
    

    
    
20
000
    
    
    
    
    
10
886
2
176
    

    
Michael Eisele
 COO
165
000
    
    
    
    
    
91
087
18
216
7
590

    
    
12
500
    
    
    
    
    
5
907
1
180
1
099

    
    
70
000
    
    
    
    
    
33
077
6
616
6
158

    
Michael Eisele
 COO
165
000
    
    
    
    
    
77
968
15
592
14
514

    
James Moe
 CFO
115
000
    
    
    
    
    
54
341
10
868
10
116

    
Kenneth
    DeCubellis
 CEO
400
000
    
    
    
    
    
189
014
37
804
35
189

    
    
2
657
500
    
    
    
    
    
1
432
638
286
520
85
140



All
                                         options vest in equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of the grant
                                         are exercisable for 10 years from the date of the grant and are being amortized over
                                         the implied service term
 or vesting period
 of the options.

Mr.
                                         Eisele was promoted to Chief Operating Officer effective August&#160;1
&#160;2013.



        
        

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

208

    
    
    
    
    

114

    
    



        
        


    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



        
        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31

    
    

149

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

657

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31

    
    

639

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31

    
    

208

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31

    
    

114

    
    
    
    
    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 weighted-average exercise price (or conversion ratio)
 aggregate intrinsic value (except for nonpublic entities)
 and weighted-average remaining contractual term of options (or share units) outstanding.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      


 2013

          



        
        


        
160
432


        
$ 13
511
159


        
2
704
323


        
$ (45
154)


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 for the period as if the business combination or combinations had been completed at the beginning of a period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member] | Level 1 [Member]
        
        


        
        
        


        
$ 94
682
$ 1
150
347


        
        
        


        
94
682
1
150
347


        
        
        


        
        
        


Revolving credit facilities and long term debt
 net of discounts
        
        


        
        
        


        
94
682
1
150
347


Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member] | Level 2 [Member]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
7
579
745
        


        
7
579
745
        


        
        
        


Revolving credit facilities and long term debt
 net of discounts
51
834
603
        


        
51
834
603
        


        
(44
254
858)
        


Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member] | Level 3 [Member]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Revolving credit facilities and long term debt
 net of discounts
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
213
676


Revolving credit facilities and long term debt
 net of discounts
        
30
556
301


        
        
30
769
977


        
        
$ (30
769
977)




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 notes payable and loans payable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets elected not to be offset. Excludes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 94
682
$ 1
150
347


        
3
571
803
        


        
5
740
171
1
905
467


        
        
1
214
662


        
41
387
26
142


        
9
448
043
4
296
618


Oil and natural gas properties
 full cost method of accounting
        
        


        
112
418
105
79
361
432


        
591
121
2
798
795


        
139
004
115
482


        
113
148
230
82
275
709


Less
 accumulated depreciation
 amortization
 depletion and allowance for impairment
(18
902
524)
(9
513
434)


Total property and equipment
 net
94
245
706
72
762
275


        
4
007
942
        


Debt issuance costs
 net
701
019
772
883


        
108
402
710
77
831
776


        
        
        


        
10
291
262
8
453
709


        
57
435
4
813


        
        
139
065


        
10
348
697
8
597
587


        
        
74
611


        
286
804
160
665


Revolving credit facility and long term debt
 net of discounts of $2
072
483 and $2
645
582
 respectively
51
834
603
30
556
301


        
6
593
040
4
033
845


        
69
063
144
43
423
009


        
        
        


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 $0.001 par value
 20
000
000 shares authorized
 no shares issued and outstanding
        
        


Common stock
 $0.001 par value
 500
000
000 shares authorized
 47
979
990 shares issued and outstanding
47
980
47
980


        
33
651
714
33
072
795


        
5
639
872
1
287
992


        
39
339
566
34
408
767


        
$ 108
402
710
$ 77
831
776




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 construction or development
 or the normal operations of a long-lived asset
 except for certain obligations of lessees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the carrying amount (net of accumulated amortization) as of the balance sheet date of capitalized costs associated with the issuance of debt instruments (for example
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs) that will be charged against earnings over the life of the debt instruments to which such costs pertain.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 financial instrument or contract used to mitigate a specified risk (hedge)
 energy marketing activities (trading activities)
 expected to be settled after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Examples of energy marketing activities include
 but are not limited to
 trading of electricity
 coal
 natural gas and oil using financial instruments
 including
 but not limited to
 forward contracts
 options and swaps.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are expected to be converted into cash or otherwise disposed of after a year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of other physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depreciable flight assets owned by the entity and used in the entity's principle business operations (owned aircraft and capitalized improvements) and capitalized assets classified as property
 plant and equipment that are owned by the entity. Excludes assets subject to a capital lease.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 24
739
407
$ 32
025
724


        
9
364
796
7
953
801


        
(7
953
801)
(2
618
145)


        
6
036
748
2
218
237


        
103
778
84
501


Total purchase and development costs
 oil and gas properties
$ 32
290
928
$ 39
664
118




        
          

        
          
            

 as of the date of the balance sheet
 to purchase
 lease or otherwise acquire an unproved property
 including costs of lease bonuses and options to purchase or lease properties
 the portion of costs applicable to minerals when land including mineral rights is purchased in fee
 brokers' fees
 recording fees
 legal costs
 and other costs incurred in acquiring properties.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including capitalized costs and costs charged to expense
 in acquisition of oil and gas properties.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the date of the balance sheet
 to operate and maintain wells and related equipment and facilities
 including depreciation and applicable operating costs of support equipment and facilities and other costs of operating and maintaining those wells and related equipment and facilities. They become part of the cost of oil and gas produced. Examples of production costs (sometimes called lifting costs) are: costs of labor to operate the wells and related equipment and facilities; repairs and maintenance; materials
 supplies
 and fuel consumed and supplies utilized in operating the wells and related equipment and facilities; property taxes and insurance applicable to proved properties and wells and related equipment and facilities; severance taxes; some support equipment or facilities may serve two or more oil and gas producing activities and may also serve transportation
 refining
 and marketing activities. To the extent that the support equipment and facilities are used in oil and gas producing activities
 their depreciation and applicable operating costs become exploration
 development or production costs
 as appropriate. Depreciation
 depletion
 and amortization of capitalized acquisition
 exploration
 and development costs are not production costs but also become part of the cost of oil and gas produced along with production (lifting) costs identified above.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 4
351
880
$ (402
659)


        
        
        


        
9
359
952
3
705
156


        
29
138
24
001


        
326
258
749
920


        
22
361
9
019


        
(7
793
421)
213
676


        
1
105
203
201
883


        
144
904
28
362


Amortization of debt discounts
 warrants
628
195
199
632


        
        
108
190


        
578
919
643
817


        
2
559
195
(698
851)


        
        
        


        
(2
834
704)
(1
049
234)


        
        
2
500
000


        
(15
245)
21
013


        
        
        


        
426
558
164
527


        
        
(160
000)


Settlement payable
 related parties
        
(116
234)


        
52
622
(56
853)


        
8
941
815
6
085
365


        
        
        


        
1
441
929
608
387


        
(24
739
407)
(32
025
724)


        
(5
822
086)
(882
604)


        
(23
522)
(38
472)


        
(29
143
086)
(32
338
413)


        
        
        


        
29
800
000
41
150
000


        
(10
400
000)
(14
298
844)


        
(254
394)
(865
101)


        
19
145
606
25
986
055


        
(1
055
665)
(266
993)


        
1
150
347
1
417
340


        
94
682
1
150
347


        
        
        


        
3
401
028
1
104
688


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
1
410
995
5
335
656


        
        
(1
200
000)


        
6
036
748
2
218
237


        
1
000
000
        


Capitalized asset retirement costs
 net of revision in estimate
103
778
84
501


        
        
$ 2
473
576




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 warrants
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 related parties
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the costs to issue debt and obtain financing over the related debt instruments. Alternate captions include noncash interest expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include (1) interest on long-term notes
 and (2) amortization of issuance costs not otherwise separately disclosed.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets and mineral interests in oil and gas properties used for normal oil and gas operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or in the comparative fair values
 of derivative instruments
 including options
 swaps
 futures
 and forward contracts
 held at each balance sheet date
 that was included in earnings for the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          















        
        
        
        


        
$ 94
682
$ 1
112
356
        


        
        
37
991
        


        
$ 94
682
$ 1
150
347
$ 1
417
340




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 banker's acceptances
 repurchase agreements
 government securities
 certificates of deposit
 and so forth) which are highly liquid (that is
 readily convertible to known amounts of cash) and so near their maturity that they present an insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify as cash equivalents by definition. Original maturity means an original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three-years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










Amortization of debt discounts
 warrants
$ 628
195
$ 199
632


        
        
        


        
$ 1
645
749
        




        
          

        
          
            

 warrants
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


From January&#160;1
&#160;2015
through March&#160;26
&#160;2015
 the Company received cumulative advances
 net of repayments
 of $3.35&#160;million pursuant
to the Credit Facility with Cadence.

On March
30
 2015
 we amended the Credit Facility with Cadence Bank
 N.A. to extend the termination date of the Loan Commitment from August&#160;8
&#160;2016
to January&#160;15
&#160;2017
 decrease the borrowing base from $35&#160;million to $34&#160;million and to waive the Net Debt
to EBITDAX Ratio and the Collateral Coverage Ratio covenants for the quarter ending March&#160;31
&#160;2015. In addition
 the
Amendment
 for purposes of determining compliance with financial covenants
 changes the Maximum Net Debt to EBITDAX Ratio and
the Minimum Collateral Coverage Ratio. Whereas the Senior Credit Facility initially provided for a Maximum Net Debt to EBITDAX
Ratio of 3.50 to 1.00 as of the end of each quarter commencing with the quarter ending March&#160;31
&#160;2015
 the Amendment
revises the Maximum Net Debt to EBITDAX to 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&#160;31
&#160;2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for
the quarter ending March&#160;31
&#160;2016 and thereafter. In addition
 whereas the Senior Credit Facility initially provided
for a Minimum Collateral Coverage Ratio of 0.80 to 1.00 as of the end of each quarter commencing with the quarter ending March&#160;31
&#160;2015
the Amendment revises the Minimum Collateral Coverage Ratio to 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending June&#160;30
&#160;2015
 and
0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&#160;30
&#160;2015
 and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&#160;31
&#160;2015
and thereafter.

Our Subordinated
Credit Facility was also amended on March&#160;30
&#160;2015
 to waive the Net Leverage Ratio and the Collateral Coverage Ratio
covenants for the quarter ending March&#160;31
&#160;2015. In addition
 the Amendment
 for purposes of determining compliance
with financial covenants
 changes the Maximum Net Leverage Ratio and the Minimum Collateral Coverage Ratio. Whereas the Subordinated
Credit Facility initially provided for a Maximum Net Leverage Ratio of 3.50 to 1.00 as of the end of each quarter commencing with
the quarter ending March&#160;31
&#160;2015
 the Amendment revises the Maximum Net Leverage Ratio to 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter
ending December&#160;31
&#160;2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&#160;31
&#160;2016 and thereafter. In addition
whereas the Subordinated Credit Facility initially provided for a Minimum Collateral Coverage Ratio of 0.80 to 1.00 as of the
end of each quarter commencing with the quarter ending March&#160;31
&#160;2015
 the Amendment revises the Minimum Collateral
Coverage Ratio to 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending June&#160;30
&#160;2015
 and 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&#160;30
&#160;2015
and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&#160;31
&#160;2015 and thereafter.

Oil and
Gas Property Purchases
On March
10
 2015
 the Company purchased 9.3571&#160;net leasehold acres in oil and gas properties in North Dakota for approximately $102
928.

Oil and
Gas Property Sales
On March
16
 2015
 the Company sold 9&#160;net leasehold acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota for proceeds of $99
000.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
$ 434
534
$ 137
509


        
        
        


        
61
861
137
509


        
        
        


        
$ 372
673
        




        
          

        
          
            

 exploration costs
 development costs
 and production costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    

112

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    

150

    



        
        

    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

979

    
    
    

979

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

199

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

179

    
    
    

979

    



        
        

    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 10
438
275
$ 7
465
973


        
1
558
409
1
118
426


        
        
79
806


        
49
693
50
040


        
106
377
60
007


        
12
152
754
8
774
252


        
        
        


Ceiling test impairment
 intangible drilling costs and other exploration costs capitalized for financial reporting purposes
(15
344
769)
(12
229
818)


        
(2
811
366)
        


        
(10
107)
(13
764)


        
(18
166
242)
(12
243
582)


        
(6
013
488)
(3
469
330)


        
(579
552)
(564
515)


        
$ (6
593
040)
$ (4
033
845)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


        
Effective April&#160;2
&#160;2012
 Ante5
&#160;Inc.
changed its corporate name to Black&#160;Ridge&#160;Oil&#160;&#38;&#160;Gas
&#160;Inc.
 and continues to trade its common stock
on the OTCQB under the trading symbol &#147;ANFC&#148;. Black&#160;Ridge&#160;Oil&#160;&#38;&#160;Gas
&#160;Inc. (Formerly Ante5
&#160;Inc.)
(the &#147;Company&#148;) became an independent company in April 2010 when the spin-off from our former parent company
 Ante4
&#160;Inc.
(now Emerald&#160;Oil
&#160;Inc. and also formerly known as Voyager&#160;Oil&#160;&#38;&#160;Gas
&#160;Inc.)
 became effective.
We became a publicly traded company when our shares began trading on July&#160;1
&#160;2010. Since October&#160;2010
 we have been
engaged in the business of acquiring oil and gas leases and participating in the drilling of wells in the Bakken and Three Forks
trends in North Dakota and Montana. Our strategy is to participate in the exploration
 development and production of oil and gas
reserves as a non-operating working interest owner in a growing
 diversified portfolio of oil and gas wells. We aggressively seek
to accumulate mineral leases to position us to participate in the drilling of new wells on a continuous basis. Occasionally we
also purchase working interests in producing wells.


is the acquisition
 exploration
 development and production of crude oil and natural gas properties
 primarily in the Bakken and
Three Forks trends in North Dakota and Montana. We believe that our prospective success revolves around our ability to acquire
mineral rights and participate in drilling activities by virtue of our ownership of such rights and through the relationships we
have developed with our operating partners.


interest partner
 we participate in drilling activities primarily on a heads-up basis. Before a well is spud
 an operator is required
to offer all mineral lease owners in the designated well spacing unit the right to participate in the drilling and production of
the well. Drilling costs and revenues from oil and gas sales are split pro-rata based on acreage ownership in the designated drilling
unit. We rely on our operator partners to identify specific drilling sites
 permit
 and engage in the drilling process. As a non-operator
we are focused on maintaining a low overhead structure.




        
          

        
          
            

 the major products or services it sells or provides and its principal markets
 including the locations of those markets. If the entity operates in more than one business
 the disclosure also indicates the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination (for example
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


Long term debt
 net of discounts
$ 2
072
483
$ 2
645
582


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value (in Dollars per share)
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized
20
000
000
20
000
000


Preferred stock
 shares issued
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares outstanding
        
        


Common stock
 par value (in Dollars per share)
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized
500
000
000
500
000
000


Common stock
 shares issued
47
979
990
47
979
990


Common stock
 shares outstanding
47
979
990
47
979
990




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

000
000
authorized shares of $0.001 par value preferred stock. No shares have been issued to date.

Common
Stock

000
000
authorized shares of $0.001 par value common stock.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        

 Inc.
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

  2014
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
$ 27
172
118


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
47
979
990
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]
        


        
The following table presents all options granted
during the year ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    



during the year ended December&#160;31
&#160;2013:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    

 COO
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    

657

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

432

    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    

 commencing one year from the date of the grant
 are exercisable for 10 years from the date of the grant and are being amortized over the implied service term
 or vesting period
 of the options.




    
    

&#160;2013.


Options
Cancelled

&#160;2014
 27
500 common
stock options with a strike price of $0.782 were forfeited pursuant to the resignation of an employee.


&#160;2013
 166
667 common
stock options were forfeited pursuant to the resignation of an officer.


or 2013.



&#160;2014
 a total of 12
000
options with a strike price of $0.92 per share expired.


&#160;2014
 a total of 24
000
options with a strike price of $0.51 per share expired.


&#160;2013.



December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013.


the Stock Options outstanding at December&#160;31
&#160;2014.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

208

    
    
    
    
    

114

    
    



on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions used for grants
under the fixed option plan:



    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



developed for use in estimating the fair value of short-term traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable.
In addition
 option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including expected stock price volatility.
Because the Company&#146;s employee stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and
because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&#146;s opinion
the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee stock options. During
the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013 there were no options granted with an exercise price below the fair
value of the underlying stock at the grant date.


stock options:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31

    
    

149

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

657

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31

    
    

639

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31

    
    

208

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31

    
    

114

    
    
    
    
    



919 and $643
817 from
the amortization of common stock options during the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 21
102
823
$ 9
276
656


        
511
451
53
482


        
7
793
421
(213
676)


        
29
407
695
9
116
462


        
        
        


        
2
705
763
1
145
686


        
2
203
501
1
015
907


        
2
891
641
2
299
757


        
9
359
952
3
705
156


        
22
361
9
019


        
29
138
24
001


        
17
212
356
8
199
526


        
12
195
339
916
936


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
(5
285
236)
(2
380
359)


        
        
380
982


        
        
(19
477)


        
(5
284
264)
(2
018
446)


        
6
911
075
(1
101
510)


        
(2
559
195)
698
851


        
$ 4
351
880
$ (402
659)


        
47
979
990
47
979
990


        
49
179
725
47
979
990


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 amortization and accretion of premiums and discounts on securities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including depreciation and applicable operating costs of support equipment and facilities and other costs of operating and maintaining those wells and related equipment and facilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The following tables summarize gross and net
productive oil wells by state at December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013. A net well represents our percentage ownership of a
gross well. The following tables do not include wells in which our interest is limited to royalty and overriding royalty interests.
The following tables also do not include wells which were awaiting completion
 in the process of completion or awaiting flow back
subsequent to fracture stimulation.



    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



of all acreage acquisition costs (including cash expenditures and the value of stock consideration)
 drilling costs and other associated
capitalized costs. As of December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
 our principal oil and gas assets included approximately 10
000
and 14
300&#160;net acres
 respectively
 located in North Dakota and Montana.


costs for the purchase and development of our oil and gas properties for the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013:



    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

739

    
    
    

025

    

    
    
    

364

    
    
    

953

    

    
    
    

953

    
    
    

618

    

    
    
    

036

    
    
    

218

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    



    
    

290

    
    
    

664

    




 the Company purchased approximately
374&#160;net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota and Montana. In consideration for the assignment of these
mineral leases
 we paid the sellers a total of approximately $3
102
568.



 the Company sold approximately
502&#160;net mineral acres of oil and gas properties and rights to individual well bores in North Dakota for total proceeds of
$1
441
929. No gain or loss was recorded pursuant to the sales.



 including the CPX acquisition
the Company purchased approximately 3
571&#160;net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota and Montana. Additionally
in conjunction with the purchase of the net mineral acres we acquired 45&#160;gross producing wells (1.23&#160;net wells). In consideration
for the assignment of these mineral leases and producing wells
 we paid the sellers a total of approximately $24
693
145.



 the Company sold approximately
189&#160;net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota for total proceeds of $608
387. No gain or loss was recorded
pursuant to the sales.



 we traded 950&#160;acres to an operator
in exchange for 160&#160;acres in a different geographic location and a drilling carry for the well costs for our interests in
2&#160;gross (0.12&#160;net) wells valued at $1
200
000.



 we had leases encompassing
4
202 and 543&#160;net acres
 respectively
 expire with carrying costs of $6
198
163 and $833
884
 respectively that have been
transferred to the full cost pool subject to depletion. We estimate that approximately 1
100 net acres with carrying costs of approximately
$1
900
000 will expire prior to the commencement of production activities during 2015. The carrying costs of these leases
 including
those which we estimate will expire in 2015 have also been transferred to the full cost pool and are subject to depletion.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a schedule of property
 plant and equipment gross
 additions
 deletions
 transfers and other changes
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 net
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense and useful lives.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Property and equipment December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
consisted of the following:



    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

418

    
    
    

361

    



    
    


    
    
    

798

    

    
    
    

009

    
    
    

160

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

148

    
    
    

275

    


 amortization

    
    

902

    
    
    

513

    



    
    

245

    
    
    

762

    



 depletion
 and amortization
expense by type of asset:



    
    
    
    

    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

359

    
    
    

705

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    



    
    

389

    
    
    

729

    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

are prepared using the accrual method of accounting as generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) and the rules
of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).


        
        

annual and interim reporting for an enterprise&#146;s operating segments and related disclosures about its products
 services
geographic areas and major customers. An operating segment is defined as a component of an enterprise that engages in business
activities from which it may earn revenues and expenses
 and about which separate financial information is regularly evaluated
by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources. The Company operates as a single segment and will
evaluate additional segment disclosure requirements as it expands its operations.


        
        
Use of
Estimates

statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.


        
        

is subject
 by its nature
 to environmental hazards and clean-up costs. At this time
 management knows of no substantial losses
from environmental accidents or events which would have a material effect on the Company.


        
Cash and
Cash Equivalents

which have maturities of three months or less. For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 all highly liquid investments with
an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are stated at cost plus accrued
interest
 which approximates market value. Cash and cash equivalents consist of the following:



    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    

112

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    

150

    



        
        

cash in bank deposit accounts which
 at times
 may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) up to $250
000 and $500
000
 respectively
under current regulations. The Company had approximately $-0- and $862
356 in excess of FDIC and SIPC insured limits at December&#160;31
&#160;2014
and&#160;2013
 respectively. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts.


        
        

in the drilling of crude oil and natural gas wells with other working interest partners. Due to the capital intensive nature of
crude oil and natural gas drilling activities
 the working interest partner responsible for conducting the drilling operations
may request advance payments from other working interest partners for their share of the costs. The Company expects such advances
to be applied by working interest partners against joint interest billings for its share of the drilling operations within 120
days from when the advance is paid.


        
        

certain debts are capitalized and amortized over the term of the related debt using the straight-line method
 which approximates
the effective interest method. The Company paid $254
394 and $865
101 of debt issuance costs during the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014
and&#160;2013
 respectively
 of which the unamortized balance of debt issuance costs at December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
was $701
019 and $772
883
 respectively. Amortization of debt issuance costs charged to interest expense was $326
258 and $749
920
for the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
 respectively. When a loan is paid in full
 any unamortized financing
costs are removed from the related accounts and charged to interest expense.


        
        

costs in accordance with ASC 350-50
 &#147;Accounting for Website Development Costs&#148; (&#147;ASC 350-50&#148;)
 wherein
website development costs are segregated into three activities:



    
    

 whereby the related costs are expensed.




    
    

 infrastructure
 graphics)
 whereby the related costs are capitalized and amortized once the website is ready for use. Costs for development content of the website may be expensed or capitalized depending on the circumstances of the expenditures.




    
    

 training
 admin)
 whereby the related costs are expensed as incurred. Upgrades are usually expensed
 unless they add additional functionality.



660 of website
development costs from inception through December&#160;31
&#160;2014. We have recognized depreciation expense on these website
costs of $15
380 and $18
887 for the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
 respectively.


        
        

tax assets and liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities using the
enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be recovered. The Company provides
a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to be more likely than
not.


        
        

the Financial Accounting Standards Board establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles
and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement reaffirms that fair value is the relevant measurement attribute.
The adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company&#146;s financial statements as reflected herein. The
carrying amounts of cash
 accounts payable and accrued expenses reported on the balance sheets are estimated by management to approximate
fair value primarily due to the short term nature of the instruments.&#160;The Company had no items that required fair value measurement
on a recurring basis.


        
        

are not oil and gas properties are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful
lives of three to seven years. Expenditures for replacements
 renewals
 and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs
are charged to operations as incurred. Long-lived assets
 other than oil and gas properties
 are evaluated for impairment to determine
if current circumstances and market conditions indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company has not recognized
any impairment losses on non-oil and gas long-lived assets. Depreciation expense was $29
138 and $24
001 for the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014
and&#160;2013
 respectively.


        
        

and gas revenues from its interests in producing wells when production is delivered to
 and title has transferred to
 the purchaser
and to the extent the selling price is reasonably determinable. The Company uses the sales method of accounting for gas balancing
of gas production and would recognize a liability if the existing proven reserves were not adequate to cover the current imbalance
situation.


        
        

value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation in the period in which the well is spud or the asset is acquired and a
corresponding increase in the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. The liability is accreted to its present value each
period
 and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled for an amount
other than the recorded amount
 a gain or loss is recognized.


        
        

accounting for oil and gas operations whereby all costs related to the exploration and development of oil and gas properties are
initially capitalized into a single cost center (&#34;full cost pool&#34;). Such costs include land acquisition costs
 geological
and geophysical expenses
 carrying charges on non-producing properties
 costs of drilling directly related to acquisition
 and
exploration activities. Internal costs that are capitalized are directly attributable to acquisition
 exploration and development
activities and do not include costs related to the production
 general corporate overhead or similar activities. Costs associated
with production and general corporate activities are expensed in the period incurred. Capitalized costs are summarized as follows
for the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
 respectively:



    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    



be credited to the full cost pool
 with no gain or loss recognized
 unless such a sale would significantly alter the relationship
between capitalized costs and the proved reserves attributable to these costs. A significant alteration would typically involve
a sale of 20% or more of the proved reserves related to a single full cost pool. During the year ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014
the Company sold approximately 502&#160;net acres and rights to individual well bores for total proceeds of $1
441
929. During
the year ended December&#160;31
&#160;2013
 the Company sold approximately 189&#160;net acres for total proceeds of $608
387. The
Company assesses all items classified as unevaluated property on a quarterly basis for possible impairment or reduction in value.
The assessment includes consideration of the following factors
 among others: intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological
and geophysical evaluations; drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the economic viability of development
if proved reserves are assigned. During any period in which these factors indicate an impairment
 the cumulative drilling costs
incurred to date for such property and all or a portion of the associated leasehold costs are transferred to the full cost pool
and are then subject to amortization.


and properties having proved reserves
 estimated future development costs
 and asset retirement costs under FASB ASC 410-20-25
are depleted and amortized on the unit-of-production method based on the estimated gross proved reserves as determined by independent
petroleum engineers. The costs of unproved properties are withheld from the depletion base until such time as they are either developed
or abandoned.


(net of related deferred income taxes) may not exceed an amount equal to the present value
 discounted at 10% per annum
 of the
estimated future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves plus the cost of unproved properties (adjusted for related income
tax effects). Should capitalized costs exceed this ceiling
 impairment is recognized. The present value of estimated future net
cash flows is computed by applying the arithmetic average first day price of oil and natural gas for the preceding twelve months
to estimated future production of proved oil and gas reserves as of the end of the period
 less estimated future expenditures to
be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves and assuming continuation of existing economic conditions. Such present
value of proved reserves' future net cash flows excludes future cash outflows associated with settling asset retirement obligations.
Should this comparison indicate an excess carrying value
 the excess is charged to earnings as an impairment expense. We recognized
no impairment costs during the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
 respectively.


        
        

from oil and gas sales to various purchasers
 the market for which has very inelastic demand. Due to this
 we do not consider any
purchasers to represent a material concentration to our sales for the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 or 2013
 as we believe
any of our customers could easily be replaced.


of our wells
 we depend on our drilling partner operators to perform the drilling and other operating activities required for all
sales of oil and gas. These operators are also responsible for remitting to us our revenue proceeds and billing us for drilling
costs and lease operating expenses incurred. We had material concentrations of accounts receivable owed from four (4) and four
(4) operators during the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
 respectively
 representing 56% and 60% of total
oil and gas revenues and 36% and 41% of total oil and gas accounts receivable as of December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
respectively. As of December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
 we had 7.88 and 4.87&#160;net producing wells
 respectively. As
of December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
 these operating partners operated 38% and 37% of the net producing wells
 respectively.


        
        

are computed by dividing net income (the numerator) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period
(the denominator). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares and potential
common shares outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. Potential common shares include stock options
 warrants and restricted
stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options
 warrants and restricted stock is computed using
the treasury stock method.


to calculate basic EPS and diluted EPS for the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and 2013 are as follows:



    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

979

    
    
    

979

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

199

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

179

    
    
    

979

    



calculation of diluted EPS because their effect was anti-dilutive were 13
683
209 and 16
103
209 as of December&#160;31
&#160;2014
and&#160;2013
 respectively.


        
        

guidance on stock based compensation upon inception at April&#160;9
&#160;2010. Under FASB ASC 718-10-30-2
 all share-based payments
to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 are to be recognized in the income statement based on their fair values.
Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative. Amortization of the fair values of stock options issued for services and compensation
totaled $578
919 and $643
817 for the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
 respectively. The fair values of stock
options were determined using the Black-Scholes options pricing model and an effective term of 6 to 6.5 years based on the weighted
average of the vesting periods and the stated term of the option grants and the discount rate on 5 to 7 year U.S. Treasury securities
at the grant date and are being amortized over the related implied service term
 or vesting period.


        
        

at April&#160;9
&#160;2010
 the Company adopted new standards for accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. These standards prescribe
a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken
or expected to be taken in a tax return. These standards also provide guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and
penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure
 and transition.


can periodically audit the Company&#146;s income tax returns. These audits include questions regarding the Company&#146;s tax
filing positions
 including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions. In evaluating
the exposures connected with these various tax filing positions
 including state and local taxes
 the Company records allowances
for probable exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter
 for which an allowance has been established
 is
audited and fully resolved. The Company has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities.


tax position relies on the judgment of management to estimate the exposures associated with the Company&#146;s various filing
positions.


        
        

and interpretations were issued in 2014 with effective dates subsequent to December&#160;31
&#160;2014. We have evaluated the recently
issued accounting pronouncements that are effective in 2015 and believe that none of them will have a material effect on our financial
position
 results of operations or cash flows when adopted.


 we are monitoring
the joint standard-setting efforts of the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the International Accounting Standards Board.
There are a large number of pending accounting standards that are being targeted for completion in 2014 and beyond
 including
but not limited to
 standards relating to revenue recognition
 accounting for leases
 fair value measurements
 accounting for financial
instruments
 disclosure of loss contingencies and financial statement presentation. Because these pending standards have not yet
been finalized
 at this time we are not able to determine the potential future impact that these standards will have
 if any
 on
our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 abandonment
 recycling
 or disposal in some other manner) of a tangible long-lived asset that result from the acquisition
 construction
 or development and (or) the normal operation of a long-lived asset. This accounting policy disclosure excludes obligations arising 1) in connection with leased property
 whether imposed by a lease agreement or by a party other than the lessor
 that meet the definition of either minimum lease payments or contingent rentals; 2) solely from a plan to sell or otherwise dispose of a long-lived asset and 3) from certain environmental remediation liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the effects of refinancings
 method of amortizing deferred financing costs and original issue discount
 and classifications of debt on the balance sheet.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) the event
 situation
 or set of circumstances that generally triggers recognition of loss contingencies arising from the entity's environmental remediation-related obligations
 and (3) the timing of recognition of any recoveries. This accounting policy does not address: (1) accounting for pollution control costs of current operations or for costs of future site restoration or closure that are required upon the cessation of operations or sale of facilities (2) environmental remediation actions that are undertaken at the sole discretion of management and that are not induced by the threat
 by governments or other parties
 of litigation or of assertion of a claim or an assessment (3) recognition of liabilities of insurance companies for unpaid claims or (4) asset impairment issues.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 uncertain tax positions) and other types of contingencies related to income taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) development of computer software for internal use
 (3) computer software to be sold
 leased or otherwise marketed as a separate product or as part of a product or process and (4) in-process research and development acquired in a purchase business combination.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

December&#160;31
&#160;2014.


&#160;2013
 in connection
with entering into the Subordinated Credit Facility
 the Company agreed to issue to the lenders cashless warrants to purchase up
to 5
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.65 per share. The warrants expire on August&#160;8
&#160;2018.
The estimated fair value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
 based on a volatility rate of 114%
 risk-free interest rate of
1.38% and a call option value of $0.4947 was $2
473
576 and is being amortized using the effective interest method over the life
of the credit facility
 which matures on June&#160;30
&#160;2017. Proceeds from the sale were allocated between the debt and equity
based on the relative fair values at the time of issuance. The fair value of $2
473
576 is presented as a debt discount on the
balance sheet and a total of $628
195 and $199
632 was amortized during the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
respectively. The remaining unamortized balance of those warrants is $1
645
749 as of December&#160;31
&#160;2014.



000 warrants with a strike price
of $1.50 per share were voluntarily forfeited on December&#160;30
&#160;2014. No warrants were cancelled during the years ended
December&#160;31
&#160;2013.



&#160;2014
and&#160;2013.



ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013.


the Warrants outstanding at December&#160;31
&#160;2014:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

133

    
    
    
    
    

133

    
    



on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions used for grants
under the fixed option plan:



    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



developed for use in estimating the fair value of short-term traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable.
In addition
 option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including expected stock price volatility.
Because the Company&#146;s warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded warrants and because changes
in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&#146;s opinion the existing models
do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its warrants. During the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014
and&#160;2013
 there were no warrants granted with an exercise price below the fair value of the underlying stock at the grant
date.


warrants:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31

    
    

463

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

000

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31

    
    

463

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31

    
    

133

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31

    
    

133

    
    
    
    
    





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company adopted FASB ASC 820-10 upon inception
at April&#160;9
&#160;2010. Under FASB ASC 820-10-5
 fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset
or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (an exit price).
The standard outlines a valuation framework and creates a fair value hierarchy in order to increase the consistency and comparability
of fair value measurements and the related disclosures. Under GAAP
 certain assets and liabilities must be measured at fair value
and FASB ASC 820-10-50 details the disclosures that are required for items measured at fair value.


a revolving credit facility that must be measured under the fair value standard. The Company&#146;s financial assets and liabilities
are measured using inputs from the three levels of the fair value hierarchy. The three levels are as follows:


prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date.


for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that
are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g.
 interest rates
 yield curves
etc.)
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market
corroborated inputs).


reflect our assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.


of financial instruments at fair value on a recurring basis in the balances sheet as of December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013:




    
Fair Value Measurements
    at December 31
 2014

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
94
682
    
    

Derivative Instruments (crude oil swaps and
    collars)
    
7
579
745
    

    
94
682
7
579
745
    

    
    
    
    

Revolving
    credit facilities and long term debt
 net of discounts
    
51
834
603
    

    
    
51
834
603
    

    
94
682
(44
254
858
    




    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

150

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

150

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    

556

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

769

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

150

    
    
    

769

    
    
    
    
    



or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 inputs for the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013.


facilities. No fair value adjustment was necessary during the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
632
500
2
657
500


        
        
        


        
        
        


Shares Outstanding
 Beginning
6
639
834
4
149
001


        
(36
000)
        


        
(27
500)
(166
667)


        
632
500
2
657
500


        
        
        


Shares Outstanding
 Ending
7
208
834
6
639
834


Shares Exercisable
 Ending
3
114
501
        


        
        
        


Outstanding
 Beginning
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Outstanding
 Ending
        
        


Exercisable
 Ending
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company has asset retirement obligations
associated with the future plugging and abandonment of proved properties and related facilities. Under the provisions of FASB ASC
410-20-25
 the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation is recorded in the period in which it is incurred and
a corresponding increase in the carrying amount of the related long lived asset. The liability is accreted to its present value
each period
 and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled for
an amount other than the recorded amount
 a gain or loss is recognized. The Company has no assets that are legally restricted for
purposes of settling asset retirement obligations.


asset retirement obligation transactions recorded in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC 410-20-25 during the years ended
December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013:



    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 construction or development
 or the normal operations of a long-lived asset
 except for certain obligations of lessees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company is required to recognize all derivative
instruments on the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value. The Company has not designated its derivative
instruments as hedges for accounting purposes and
 as such
 marks its derivative instruments to fair value and recognizes the realized
and unrealized changes in fair value in its statements of operations under the captions &#147;Loss on Settled Derivatives&#148;
and &#147;Losses on the mark-to-market of derivatives.&#148;


contracts to hedge against the variability in cash flows associated with the forecasted sale of crude oil production. While the
use of these derivative instruments limits the downside risk of adverse price movements
 their use also limits the upside revenue
potential of upward price movements.


 the counterparty
is required to make a payment to the Company if the settlement price for any settlement period is less than the swap price and
the Company is required to make a payment to the counterparty if the settlement price for any period is greater than the swap price.
For a collar contract
 the counterparty is required to make a payment to the Company if the settlement price for any settlement
period is below the floor price
 the Company is required to make a payment to the counterparty if the settlement price for any
settlement period is above the ceiling price and no payment is required by either party if the settlement price for any settlement
period is between the floor price and the ceiling price.


settled based on reported settlement prices on commodity exchanges
 with crude oil derivative settlements based on NYMEX West Texas
Intermediate (&#147;WTI&#148;) pricing.


&#160;2014
 the Company
had outstanding derivative contracts with respect to future production as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2015 &#150; December 31

    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
 2015 &#150; December 31

    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
 2015 &#150; December 31

    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
 2015 &#150; December 31

    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
 2016 &#150; December 31

    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
 2016 &#150; December 31

    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
 2017 &#150; December 31

    
    


    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2015 &#150; December 31

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
 2016 &#150; June 30

    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



&#160;2014
 the Company
had total volume on open commodity swaps of 249
000 barrels at a weighted average price of approximately $88.97.



gains and losses on derivative instruments for the periods presented:



    
    
    
    

    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

827

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    



    
    

793

    
    
    


    


Balance Sheet Offsetting of Derivative Assets
and Liabilities


210)-Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities
 requires an entity to disclose information about offsetting arrangements
to enable financial statement users to understand the effects of netting arrangements on an entity&#146;s financial position.
The Company adopted the provision of the standard upon entering into our first derivative contract and has provided the applicable
disclosures below with respect to its derivative instruments.


are carried at their fair value in the condensed balance sheets under the captions &#147;Current portion of derivative instruments&#148;
and &#147;Derivative instruments&#148;. Derivative instruments from the same counterparty that are subject to contractual terms
which provide for net settlement are reported on a net basis in the condensed balance sheets. The following tables present the
gross amounts of recognized derivative assets and liabilities
 the amounts offset under the netting arrangements with counterparties
and the resulting net amounts presented in the condensed balance sheets for the periods presented
 all at fair value.



    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

620

    
    
    


    
    
    

579

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



disclosed above to the individual financial statement line items in the condensed balance sheets:



    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

571

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

007

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

579

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    



    
    

579

    
    
    


    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 risk management strategies
 non-hedging derivative instruments
 assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
 and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

Senior
Credit Facility
The Company
as borrower
 entered into a Credit Agreement dated August&#160;8
&#160;2013 and amendments thereto dated December&#160;13
&#160;2013
March&#160;24
&#160;2014
 April&#160;21
&#160;2014
 September&#160;11
&#160;2014
 and March&#160;30
&#160;2015 (as amended
 the
) with Cadence Bank
 N.A. (&#147;Cadence&#148;)
 as lender (the &#147;Senior Credit
Facility&#148;). Under the terms of the Senior Credit Agreement
 a senior secured revolving line of credit in the maximum aggregate
principal amount of $50&#160;million is available from time to time (i) for direct investment in oil and gas properties
 (ii)
for general working capital purposes
 including the issuance of letters of credit
 and (iii) to refinance the then existing debt
under the Company&#146;s former credit facility with Dougherty Funding LLC.

Availability
under the Senior Credit Facility is at all times subject to the then-applicable borrowing base
 determined by Cadence in a manner
consistent with the normal and customary oil and gas lending practices of Cadence. Availability was initially set at $7&#160;million
and is subject to periodic redeterminations. The availability was $35&#160;million as of December&#160;31
&#160;2014
 and subsequently
amended to $34&#160;million on March&#160;30
&#160;2015. Subject to availability under the borrowing base
 the Company may borrow
repay and re-borrow funds in amounts of $250
000 or more. At the Company&#146;s election
 the unpaid principal balance of any
borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility may bear interest at either (i) the Base Rate
 as defined in the Senior Credit Facility
plus the applicable margin
 which varies from 1.00% to 1.50% or (ii) the LIBOR rate
 as defined in the Senior Credit Facility
plus the applicable margin
 which varies from 3.00% to 3.50%. Interest is payable for Base Rate loans on the last business day
of the month and for LIBOR loans on the last LIBOR business day of each LIBOR interest period. The Company is also required to
pay a quarterly fee of 0.50% on any unused portion of the borrowing base
 as well as a facility fee of 0.90% of the initial and
any subsequent additions to the borrowing base.


The Senior
Credit Facility&#146;s maturity date of August&#160;8
&#160;2016
 was subsequently amended to January&#160;15
&#160;2017 pursuant
to the amendment on March&#160;30
&#160;2015. The Company may prepay the entire amount of Base Rate loans at any time
 and may
prepay the entire amount of LIBOR loans upon at least three business days&#146; notice to Cadence. The Senior Credit Facility
is secured by first priority interests in mortgages on substantially all of the Company&#146;s assets
 including but not limited
to the Company&#146;s mineral interests in North Dakota and Montana.

The Company
had borrowings of $22.6&#160;million and 13&#160;million outstanding under the Senior Credit Agreement as of December&#160;31
&#160;2014
and&#160;2013
 respectively.

Subordinated
Credit Facility
The Company
as borrower
 entered into a Second Lien Credit Agreement dated August&#160;8
&#160;2013 and amendments thereto dated December&#160;13
&#160;2013
March&#160;24
&#160;2014
 April&#160;21
&#160;2014
 September&#160;11
&#160;2014
 and March&#160;30
&#160;2015 (as amended
 the
&#147;Subordinated Credit Agreement&#148;) by and among the Company
 as borrower
 Chambers Energy Management
 LP
 as administrative
agent (&#147;Chambers&#148;)
 and the several other lenders named therein (the &#147;Subordinated Credit Facility&#148;).
Under the Subordinated Credit Facility
 term loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $75&#160;million are available from
time to time (i) to repay the Previous Credit Facility
 (ii) for fees and closing costs in connection with both the Senior Credit
Facility and the Subordinated Credit Facility (together
 the &#147;Credit Facilities&#148;)
 and (iii) general corporate purposes.

The Subordinated
Credit Agreement provided initial commitment availability of $25&#160;million
 which was subsequently amended to the current availability
of $30&#160;million
 with the remaining commitments subject to the approval of Chambers and other customary conditions. The Company
may borrow the available commitments in amounts of $5&#160;million or more and shall not request borrowings of such loans more
than once a month
 provided that the initial draw was at least $15&#160;million. Loans under the Subordinated Credit Facility
shall be funded net of a 2%&#160;OID. The unpaid principal balance of borrowings under the Subordinated Credit Facility bears
interest at the Cash Interest Rate plus the PIK Interest Rate. The Cash Interest Rate is 9.00% per annum plus a rate per annum
equal to the greater of (i) 1.00% and (ii) the offered rate for three-month deposits in U.S. dollars that appears on Reuters Screen
LIBOR 01 as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the second full LIBOR business day preceding the first day of each calendar quarter.
The PIK Interest Rate is equal to 4.00% per annum. Interest is payable on the last day of each month. The Company is also required
to pay an annual nonrefundable administration fee of $50
000 and a monthly availability fee computed at a rate of 0.50% per annum
on the average daily amount of any unused portion of the available amount under the commitment.

The Subordinated
Credit Facility matures on June&#160;30
&#160;2017. Upon at least three business days&#146; written notice
 the Company may prepay
the entire amount under the loans
 together with accrued interest. Each prepayment made prior to the second anniversary of the
funding date
 as defined in the Subordinated Credit Facility
 shall be accompanied by a make-whole amount
 as defined in the Subordinated
Credit Agreement. Prepayments made on or after the second anniversary of the funding date shall be accompanied by an applicable
premium
 as set forth in the Subordinated Credit Agreement. The Subordinated Credit Facility is secured by second priority interests
on substantially all of the Company&#146;s assets
 including but not limited to second priority mortgages on the Company&#146;s
mineral interests in North Dakota and Montana.

The first
funding from the Subordinated Credit Facility occurred on September&#160;9
&#160;2013 at which time we drew $14
700
000
 net of
a $300
000 original issue discount
 from the Subordinated Credit Agreement and used $10
226
057 of those proceeds to repay and
terminate the Dougherty revolving credit facility. We have drawn an additional $14
700
000
 net of $300
000 original issue discounts
through December&#160;31
&#160;2014. The Company had borrowings of $30&#160;million and $20&#160;million outstanding under the
Subordinated Credit Facility as of December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
 respectively.

Intercreditor
Agreements and Covenants
Cadence and
Chambers have entered into an Intercreditor Agreement dated August&#160;8
&#160;2013 (the &#147;Intercreditor Agreement&#148;).
The Intercreditor Agreement provides that any liens on the assets of the Company securing indebtedness under the Subordinated
Credit Facility are subordinate to liens on the assets securing indebtedness under the Senior Credit Facility and sets forth the
respective rights
 obligations and remedies of the lenders under the Senior Credit Facility with respect to their first priority
liens and the lenders under the Subordinated Credit Facility with respect to their second priority liens.


The Credit
Facilities
 as amended
 require customary affirmative and negative covenants for credit facilities of the respective types and
sizes for companies operating in the oil and gas industry
 as well as customary events of default. Furthermore
 the Credit Facilities
contain financial covenants that require the Company to satisfy certain specified financial ratios. The Senior Credit Agreement
requires the Company to maintain (i) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company
 a collateral coverage ratio (reserve
value plus consolidated working capital to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June&#160;30
&#160;2014
0.70 to 1.00 for the quarters ending September&#160;30
&#160;2014 and December&#160;31
&#160;2014
 was waived for the quarter
ending March&#160;31
&#160;2015
 and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending June&#160;30
&#160;2015
 and 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter
ending September&#160;30
&#160;2015
 and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&#160;31
&#160;2015 and thereafter
 (ii)
a ratio of current assets
 including debt facility available to be drawn
 to current liabilities of a minimum of 1.0 to 1.0
 (iii)
a net debt to EBITDAX
 as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement
 ratio of 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ended March&#160;31
&#160;2014
4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ended June&#160;30
&#160;2014 and September&#160;30
&#160;2014
 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ended
December&#160;31
&#160;2014
 was waived for the quarter ended March&#160;31
&#160;2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarters ending
June&#160;30
&#160;2015 and September&#160;30
&#160;2015
 and 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&#160;31
&#160;2015
and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&#160;31
&#160;2016 and thereafter
 in each case calculated on a modified trailing
four quarter basis
 (iv) a maximum senior leverage ratio of not more than 2.5 to 1.0 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter
basis
 and (v) a minimum interest coverage ratio of not less than 3.0 to 1.0. The Subordinated Credit Agreement requires the Company
to maintain (i) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company
 a collateral coverage ratio (reserve value plus consolidated
working capital to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June&#160;30
&#160;2014
 0.70 to
1.00 for the quarters ending September&#160;30
&#160;2014 and December&#160;31
&#160;2014
 was waived for the quarter ending March&#160;31
&#160;2015
and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending June&#160;30
&#160;2015
 and 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&#160;30
&#160;2015
and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&#160;31
&#160;2015 and thereafter
 (ii) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter
of the Company
 a consolidated net leverage ratio (adjusted total indebtedness less the amount of unrestricted cash equivalents
to consolidated EBITDA) of no more than 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&#160;31
&#160;2014
 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters
ending June&#160;30
&#160;2014 and September&#160;30
&#160;2014
 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&#160;31
&#160;2014
was waived for the quarter ending March&#160;31
&#160;2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarters ending June&#160;30
&#160;2015 and
September&#160;30
&#160;2015
 and 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&#160;31
&#160;2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter
ending March&#160;31
&#160;2016 and thereafter
 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis
 (iii) as of the last day
of any fiscal quarter of the Company
 a consolidated cash interest coverage ratio (consolidated EBITDA to consolidated cash interest
expense) of no less than 2.5 to 1.0
 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis and (iv) as of the last day of any period
of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company
 a ratio of consolidated current assets to consolidated current liabilities
of at least 1.0 to 1.0. In addition
 each of the Credit Facilities requires that the Company enter into hedging agreements based
on anticipated oil production from currently producing wells as agreed to by the lenders. The Company is in compliance with all
covenants
 as amended
 for the period ending December&#160;31
&#160;2014.

Debt Discount
Detachable Warrants
In connection
with the Subordinated Credit Facility
 the Company agreed to issue to the lenders detachable warrants to purchase up to 5
000
000
shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.65 per share. The warrants expire on August&#160;8
&#160;2018.
Proceeds from the loan were allocated between the debt and equity based on the relative fair values at the time of issuance
 resulting
in a debt discount of $2
473
576 at issuance that is presented as a debt discount on the balance sheet and is being amortized
using the effective interest method over the life of the credit facility
 which matures on June&#160;30
&#160;2017. A total of
$628
195 and $199
632 was amortized during the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013. The remaining unamortized
balance of the debt discount attributable to the warrants is $1
645
749 as of December&#160;31
&#160;2014.

Dougherty
Revolving Credit Facility (former credit facility)
On April&#160;4
&#160;2012
the Company entered into a Secured Revolving Credit Agreement with Dougherty Funding
 LLC (&#147;Dougherty&#148;) as Lender
which was subsequently amended on September&#160;5
&#160;2012 and December&#160;14
&#160;2012 with an Amended and Restated Secured
Revolving Credit Agreement (collectively the &#147;Dougherty Credit Facility&#148;).

The Dougherty
Credit Facility provided for a maximum available amount of $20&#160;million
 of which $16.5&#160;million was available prior to
termination of the facility
 with interest payable on the outstanding balance at a rate of 9.25% per year and a maturity date
of August&#160;1
&#160;2015. In connection with the amended financing
 the Company issued Dougherty Funding LLC warrants to purchase
585
000&#160;shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.38&#160;per share. The warrants expire on August&#160;31
&#160;2015.

On September&#160;9
&#160;2013
we repaid the Dougherty Credit Facility with proceeds from the Subordinated Credit Facility.
Amounts outstanding
under revolving credit facilities and long term debts consisted of the following as of December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
respectively:



    
December 31


    
    
    

Senior Revolving Credit Facility
 Cadence Bank
 N.A.
22
600
000
13
000
000

Subordinated Credit Agreement
 Chambers
30
000
000
20
000
000

PIK Interest on Subordinated Credit Agreement
    Chambers
1
307
086
201
883

    
    
    

    
53
907
086
33
201
883

    
(426
734
(371
638

Less: Unamortized debt
    discount attributable to warrants
(1
645
749
(2
273
944

Total credit facilities and long term debts
 net of discounts
51
834
603
30
556
301

    
    
    

    
    
    

Long term portion of credit facilities and
    long term debts
51
834
603
30
556
301


Net proceeds
of $29.4&#160;million were received from our $30&#160;million in advances due to $600
000 of OID pursuant to the Subordinated
Credit Agreement at issuance that is presented as a debt discount on the balance sheet and is being amortized using the effective
interest method over the life of the credit facility
 which matures on June&#160;30
&#160;2017. A total of $144
904 and $28
362
was amortized during the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
 respectively. The remaining unamortized balance
of the debt discount attributable to the OID is $426
734 as of December&#160;31
&#160;2014.

The following
presents components of interest expense for the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013
 respectively:



    
Years Ended December
    31


    
    
    

Credit Facilities
 accrued PIK interest
1
105
203
201
883

Credit Facilities
 amortization of OID
144
904
28
362

Credit Facilities
 interest and commitment fees
3
453
349
1
092
372

Credit Facilities
 amortization of debt issuance costs
326
258
749
920

Credit Facilities
 amortization of warrant costs
628
195
307
822

    
(372
673
    

    
5
285
236
2
380
359






        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants. Also includes descriptions and amounts of capital leasing arrangements that consist of direct financing
 sales type and leveraged leases. Disclosure may include the effect on the balance sheet and the income statement resulting from a change in lease classification for leases that at inception would have been classified differently had guidance been in effect at the inception of the original lease.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

13. Warrants (Details-Warrants Outstanding) (Warrants
 USD $)

        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        


Warrants outstanding
 beginning balance
9
463
375
4
463
375


        
        
        


        
(330
000)
        


        
        
5
000
000


        
        
        


Warrants outstanding
 ending balance
9
133
375
9
463
375


        
9
133
375
        


        
        
        


Weighted price
 beginning balance
        
        


Weighted price
 warrants cancelled
        
        


Weighted price
 warrants granted
        
        


Warrants outstanding
 ending balance
        
        


Weighted price
 warrants exercisable
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 warrants exercisable
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
2
559
195
(698
851)


        
        
        


        
$ 2
559
195
$ (698
851)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

559

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

559

    
    
    


    



        
        

    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



        
The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013 are as follows:



    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

438

    
    
    

465

    

    
    
    

558

    
    
    

118

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

152

    
    
    

774

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    

344

    
    
    

229

    

    
    
    

811

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

166

    
    
    

243

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

013

    
    
    

469

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

593

    
    
    

033

    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 3
571
803
        


        
4
007
942
        


        
7
579
745
        


        
        
(139
065)


        
        
(74
611)


        
        
(213
676)


Total derivative liabilities
 net
$ 7
579
745
$ (213
676)




        
          

        
          
            

 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (b) the carrying amounts of the liabilities arising from financial instruments or contracts used to mitigate a specified risk (hedge)
 and which are expected to be extinguished or otherwise disposed of within a year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 net of the effects of master netting arrangements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 financial instrument or contract used to mitigate a specified risk (hedge)
 energy marketing activities (trading activities)
 expected to be settled after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Examples of energy marketing activities include
 but are not limited to
 trading of electricity
 coal
 natural gas and oil using financial instruments
 including
 but not limited to
 forward contracts
 options and swaps.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company is involved in various inquiries
administrative proceedings and litigation relating to matters arising in the normal course of business. The Company is not currently
a defendant in any material litigation and is not aware of any threatened litigation that could have a material effect on the Company.
Management is not able to estimate the minimum loss to be incurred
 if any
 as a result of the final outcome of the matters arising
in the normal course of business but believes they are not likely to have a material adverse effect upon the Company&#146;s financial
position or results of operations and
 accordingly
 no provision for loss has been recorded.


maintains cash balances at banks in excess of federally insured amounts. The extent of loss
 if any
 to be sustained as a result
of any future failure of a bank or other financial institution is not subject to estimation at this time.


participation in upcoming well development by signing an Authorization for Expenditure (&#147;AFE&#148;). As of December&#160;31
&#160;2014
the Company had committed to AFE&#146;s of approximately $16.5&#160;million beyond amounts previously paid or accrued. Additionally
the Company acquired a lease for mineral rights from the State of North Dakota on February&#160;14
&#160;2012 for 110&#160;acres
or an 8.7% working interest in the Dahl Federal 2-15H well that spud on January&#160;6
&#160;2012. The acreage we purchased lies
within the riverbed of the Missouri River and there is currently third-party litigation ongoing in the State of North Dakota pertaining
to the state&#146;s ownership claim to similar riparian acreage. We have signed an AFE for the well and the operator has agreed
to retroactively honor the AFE if the state is successful in defending its ownership claim. As a result we have not capitalized
any of the AFE costs or recognized any sales from this well. Our proportion of the well costs
 based on the AFE and our working
interest
 is approximately $800
000. The well started production on May&#160;21
&#160;2012. Had we recognized the revenue and expenses
from this well we would have recorded approximately an additional $230
000
 $451
000 and $468
000 in oil and gas sales for the
years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 and $63
000
 $110
000 and $124
000 of production taxes and
operating expenses for the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. In the event the state is not
successful in defending its ownership claim
 the state is required to refund the Company the cost to purchase the lease.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

418

    
    
    

361

    



    
    


    
    
    

798

    

    
    
    

009

    
    
    

160

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

148

    
    
    

275

    


 amortization

    
    

902

    
    
    

513

    



    
    

245

    
    
    

762

    



Depreciation
 depletion
 and amortization expense
        

    
    
    
    

    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

359

    
    
    

705

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    



    
    

389

    
    
    

729

    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










Realized loss on derivatives
 net
$ 511
451
$ 53
482


Gain (loss) on the mark-to-market of derivatives
 net
7
793
421
(213
676)


        
        
        


Realized loss on derivatives
 net
511
451
53
482


Gain (loss) on the mark-to-market of derivatives
 net
6
827
126
(134
293)


        
        
        


Realized loss on derivatives
 net
        
        


Gain (loss) on the mark-to-market of derivatives
 net
$ 966
295
$ (79
383)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or in the comparative fair values
 of derivative instruments
 including options
 swaps
 futures
 and forward contracts
 held at each balance sheet date
 that was included in earnings for the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 69
300
$ 34
350




        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          



Beginning Balance
 amount at Dec. 31
 2012
        
$ 47
980
$ 29
847
212
$ 1
690
651
$ 31
585
843


Beginning Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2012
        
47
979
990
        
        
        


        
        
        
2
473
576
        
2
473
576


        
        
        
108
190
        
108
190


        
        
        
643
817
        
643
817


        
        
        
        
(402
659)
(402
659)


Ending Balance
 amount at Dec. 31
 2013
        
47
980
33
072
795
1
287
992
34
408
767


Ending Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2013
        
47
979
990
        
        
        


        
        
        
578
919
        
578
919


        
        
        
        
4
351
880
4
351
880


Ending Balance
 amount at Dec. 31
 2014
        
$ 47
980
$ 33
651
714
$ 5
639
872
$ 39
339
566


Ending Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2014
        
47
979
990
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
During the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014
and&#160;2013
 we granted various awards to our Officers and Directors as compensation for their services. These related party
grants are fully disclosed in Note 12 below.



lease office space on a month to month basis where the lessor is an entity owned by our former CEO and current Chairman of the
Board of Directors
 Bradley Berman. The sublease agreement was cancelled and we entered into a direct lease on April&#160;30
&#160;2012
to expand and occupy approximately 1
142 square feet of office space. The 2012 lease was amended effective November&#160;15
&#160;2013
to occupy approximately 2
813&#160;square feet of office space. In accordance with this lease
 our lease term is on a month-to-month
basis
 provided that either party may provide 90 day notice to terminate the lease
 with base rents of $2
110 per month
 plus common
area operations and maintenance charges
 and monthly parking fees of $240 per month
 for the period from November&#160;15
&#160;2013
to October&#160;31
&#160;2014 and subject to increases of $117 per month beginning November&#160;1
&#160;2014 and for each of the
subsequent three year periods. We have paid a total of $69
300 and $34
350 to this entity during the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014
and&#160;2013
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

12. Options (Details-Summary) (Options
 USD $)

        

      







          

        


Range of exercise price
 lower limit
        


Range of exercise price
 upper limit
        


        
7
208
834


        
        


        
        


        
3
114
501


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
$ 28
142
712


        

  2032




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



        
        

    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

739

    
    
    

025

    

    
    
    

364

    
    
    

953

    

    
    
    

953

    
    
    

618

    

    
    
    

036

    
    
    

218

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    



    
    

290

    
    
    

664

    





        
          

        
          
            

 depletion
 amortization
 and valuation allowances.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if oil and gas operations are material to the entity and its subsidiaries' business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      


 2014

          



 2013

          



        
        
$ 862
356


        
254
394
865
101


        
701
019
772
883


        
326
258
749
920


        
56
660
        


        
1
441
929
608
387


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
13
683
209
16
103
209


        
578
919
643
817


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
29
138
24
001


        
        
        


        
$ 15
380
$ 18
887




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in which the entity owns a fractional working interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the costs to issue debt and obtain financing over the related debt instruments. Alternate captions include noncash interest expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 acquired and internally developed computer software.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets and mineral interests in oil and gas properties used for normal oil and gas operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
We account for income taxes under the provisions
of ASC Topic 740

&#160;
approach
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences
 using currently enacted
tax laws
 attributable to temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts calculated for income tax purposes.


ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013 consisted of the following:



    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

559

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

559

    
    
    


    



ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013 consisted of the following:



    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



of December&#160;31
&#160;2014 decreased by&#160;0.26% from&#160;2.35% as of December&#160;31
&#160;2013
 to&#160;2.09%. This decrease
in the effective tax rate is attributable to changes in the Company&#146;s state apportionment factors in the current year. In
2013
 due to the legal settlement amounts and non-oil &#38; gas revenue the Company received during previous years being sourced
to the state of Minnesota for income tax purposes
 a larger percentage of the Company&#146;s activity was expected to be apportioned
to that state. As compared to North Dakota
 the other state the Company files tax returns in which has a corporate income tax rate
of 4.53%
 the state of Minnesota has a 9.80% corporate income tax rate. This change in apportionment resulted in a 34.49% increase
in the effective tax rate for 2013 based on its effect on the carrying value of the net deferred tax liability.


liabilities as of December&#160;31
&#160;2014 and&#160;2013 are as follows:



    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

438

    
    
    

465

    

    
    
    

558

    
    
    

118

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

152

    
    
    

774

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    

344

    
    
    

229

    

    
    
    

811

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

166

    
    
    

243

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

013

    
    
    

469

    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    

593

    
    
    

033

    



&#160;2014
 the Company
has net operating loss carryover of approximately $28
142
712. Under existing Federal law
 the net operating loss may be utilized
to offset taxable income through the year ended December&#160;31
&#160;2032. A portion of the net operating loss carryover begins
to expire in 2030.


is recognized if
 based on the weight of available evidence
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax asset will not be realized. The Company had recognized a valuation allowance reducing the carrying value of its deferred tax
asset by $564
515 as of December&#160;31
&#160;2013. As of December&#160;31
&#160;2014 the Company has increased its valuation
allowance by $15
037 to $579
552. This increase was to more accurately reflect an allowance on only a portion of its deferred tax
assets which the Company believes it is more likely than not that the benefit of these assets will not be realized.


returns and annual income tax returns for the states of Minnesota
 North Dakota and Montana. We are not subject to income tax examinations
by tax authorities for years before 2010 for all returns. Income taxing authorities have conducted no formal examinations of our
past federal or state income tax returns and supporting records.


740 regarding uncertainty in income taxes. The Company has found no significant uncertain tax positions as of any date on or before
December&#160;31
&#160;2014.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













