

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-18-000982
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20171231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180412
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180412
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Black Ridge Oil & Gas
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001490161
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				272345075
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53952
		FILM NUMBER:		18752309
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 NORTH 5TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 410
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55403
		BUSINESS PHONE:		952-426-1241
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 NORTH 5TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 410
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55403
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ante5
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100422









     







 D.C. 20549

[X] ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR
15(D) OF


2017




 Inc.

in its charter)


    
    

    
    


 Street
 Suite
410
 Minneapolis
 Minnesota 55403

(Zip Code)


 including
area code

12(b) of the Exchange Act: None

12(g) of the Act:



        
        

        
        

    
    

    
    



if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. &#9;Yes &#9744; &nbsp;&nbsp;No
&#9746;

if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. &#9;Yes &#9744; &nbsp;&nbsp;No
&#9746;

whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

&#9744;

has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).

&#9744;

delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s
knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746;

 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated
filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act.


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



 indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. &nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;

(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).


value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $1
366
659 as of June 30
 2017 (computed by reference
to the last sale price of a share of the registrant&rsquo;s Common Stock on that date as reported by OTC Bulletin Board).

799
900 shares outstanding
of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock as of April 6
 2018.



    
    


CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS


following discussion to inform our existing and potential security holders generally of some of the risks and uncertainties that
can affect our company and to take advantage of the &ldquo;safe harbor&rdquo; protection for forward-looking statements that applicable
federal securities law affords.


our management or persons acting on our behalf may make forward-looking statements to inform existing and potential security holders
about our company. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this report regarding our financial position
business strategy
 plans and objectives of management for future operations and industry conditions are forward-looking statements.
When used in this report
 forward-looking statements are generally accompanied by terms or phrases such as &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;predict
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;target
&rdquo;
&ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;seek
&rdquo; &ldquo;goal
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;may&rdquo;
or other words and similar expressions that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Items making assumptions regarding
actual or potential future sales
 market size
 collaborations
 trends or operating results also constitute such forward-looking
statements.


involve inherent risks and uncertainties
 and important factors (many of which are beyond our control) that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements include the following:




low trading volume and illiquidity of our common stock
 and possible application of the SEC&rsquo;s
penny stock rules;





material defaults on monetary obligations owed us
 resulting in unexpected losses;

inadequate capital of our clients to acquire working interests in oil and gas prospects and to
participate in the drilling and production of oil and other hydrocarbons;





failure to acquire or grow new business ourselves or failure of our sponsored special purpose acquisition
company to acquire a business;

litigation
 disputes and legal claims involving outside parties; and

risks related to our ability to be listed on a national securities exchange and meeting listing
requirements


forward-looking statements on our current expectations and assumptions about future events. While our management considers these
expectations and assumptions to be reasonable
 they are inherently subject to significant business
 economic
 competitive
 regulatory
and other risks and uncertainties
 most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Accordingly
results actually achieved may differ materially from expected results in these statements. Forward-looking statements speak only
as of the date they are made. You should consider carefully the statements in &ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors&rdquo; and other sections
of this report
 which describe factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those set forth in the forward-looking
statements.


to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this report. We assume no obligation
to update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this report
other than as may be required by applicable law or regulation. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures
made by us in our reports filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) which attempt
to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operation and
cash flows. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize
 or if the underlying assumptions prove incorrect
 our actual
results may vary materially from those expected or projected.




    
    







    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Directors
 Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    





    
    









2
 2012
 we changed our name to Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (&ldquo;BROG&rdquo;). Our common stock is traded on the OTCQB
under the trading symbol &ldquo;ANFC&rdquo;.

The
Company is focused on acquiring
 investing in
 and managing the oil and gas assets for our partners. We continue to pursue asset
acquisitions in all major onshore unconventional shale formations that may be acquired with capital from our existing joint venture
partners or other capital providers. Additionally
 as the sponsor and manager of Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. (&ldquo;BRAC&rdquo;)
BRAC&rsquo;s efforts to identify a prospective target business in the energy
or energy-related industries with an emphasis on opportunities in the upstream oil and gas industry in North America.




Registration Statement on Form S-1 (the &ldquo;Registration Statement&rdquo;) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) to register the issuance of 431
819
910 shares of common stock in a Rights Offering that was declared effective
by the SEC on August 3
 2017 (the &ldquo;Rights Offering&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Rights Offering
 the Company distributed
 on
a pro rata basis
 one right for each share of common stock owned by shareholders on August 2
 2017 (the &ldquo;Record Date&rdquo;).
Each right permitted a shareholder to purchase up to nine shares of common stock at a subscription price of $0.012 per share. The
Rights Offering expired on September 8
 2017 (the &ldquo;Expiration Date&rdquo;).


Rights Offering the Company also entered into a Standby Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Backstop Agreement&rdquo;) with a consortium
of investors
 including members of the Company&rsquo;s board of directors and our Chief Executive Officer (collectively
 the &ldquo;Backstop
Purchasers&rdquo;)
 who agreed to purchase up to $2.9 million of the unsubscribed shares following the completion of the rights
offering.


 2017
the Company finalized the Rights Offering and Backstop Agreement
 and issued 431
819
910 shares raising gross proceeds of $5
181
839.
Under the Rights Offering the Company&rsquo;s current shareholders exercised rights to purchase 199
811
421 shares of stock for
a total of $2
397
737. Under the Backstop Agreement
 the Backstop Purchasers purchased 232
008
489 shares of stock for a total
of $2
784
102. Additionally
 as part of Backstop Agreement
 the Company issued 435
000 warrants to purchase its common stock at
$0.01 to participants in the Backstop Agreement. We incurred $130
164 in costs associated with raising the capital in Rights Offering
and Backstop Agreement which were charged directly to stockholder&rsquo;s equity. In October 2017
 the Company used $4
450
000
of the net proceeds of the Rights Offering and Backstop Agreement to fulfill its obligation as sponsor of a special purpose acquisition
company
 Black Ridge Acquisition Corp.
 (&ldquo;BRAC&rdquo;)
 simultaneous with BRAC&rsquo;s initial public offering (IPO) described
below. BRAC was formed on May 9
 2017 with the purpose of becoming the special acquisition company as a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company. The remaining proceeds from the Rights Offering are intended to be used for general corporate purposes which may
include other investments and acquisitions.

On
October 10
 2017
 the Company&rsquo;s sponsored special purpose acquisition company
 BRAC
 completed an initial public offering
(&ldquo;IPO&rdquo;) raising $138
000
000 of gross proceeds (including proceeds from the exercise of an over-allotment option by
the underwriters on October 18

 share
exchange
 asset acquisition
 stock purchase
 recapitalization
 reorganization or other similar business combination with one or
more businesses or entities. BRAC&rsquo;s efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular
industry or geographic region although it intends to focus its search for target businesses in the energy or energy-related industries
with an emphasis on opportunities in the upstream oil and gas industry in North America. Following the initial public offering
and over-allotment
 the Company owns 22% of the outstanding common stock of BRAC and manages BRAC&rsquo;s operations via a management
services agreement.


that BRAC
 following its IPO
 is a variable interest entity (&ldquo;VIE&rdquo;) and that the Company is the primary beneficiary
of the VIE. The Company determined that
 due to the redemption feature associated with the IPO shares
 that the IPO shareholders
are indirectly protected from the operating expenses of BRAC and it has the power to direct the activities of BRAC through the
date at which BRAC affords the stockholders the opportunity to vote to approve a proposed business combination. Therefore
 the
consolidated financial statements contain the operations of the BRAC from its inception on May 9
 2017. BRAC&rsquo;s IPO shareholders
are reflected in our financial statements as a non-controlling interest. The non-controlling interest was recorded at fair value
on October 10
 2017
 with an addition on October 18
 2017 as a result of the underwriters&rsquo; exercise of their over-allotment
option. Hereafter the term &ldquo;the Company&rdquo; refers to the consolidated entity including BRAC.





    
    





 2016
the Company entered into an Asset Contribution Agreement with Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
(&ldquo;BRHC&rdquo;) which was formed by the Company to contribute and assign to BRHC
 all of the Company's (i) oil and gas assets
(including working capital and tangible and intangible assets) (the &ldquo;Assets&rdquo;)
 (ii) outstanding balances under the
credit agreement between the Company
 as borrower
 and Cadence Bank
 N.A. (&ldquo;Cadence&rdquo;)
 as lender (the &ldquo;Cadence
Credit Facility&rdquo;) and the outstanding balances under the credit agreement between the Company
 as borrower
 and affiliates
(specifically
 Chambers Energy Capital II
 LP and CEC II TE
 LLC (collectively
 the &ldquo;Chambers Affiliates&rdquo;)) of Chambers
Energy Management
 LP (&ldquo;Chambers&rdquo;)
 as administrative agent (the &ldquo;Chambers Credit Facility&rdquo;)
 and (iii)
all current liabilities related to the Assets
 in exchange for 5% of the issued and outstanding Class A Units (the &ldquo;Class
A Units&rdquo;) in BRHC (the &ldquo;Asset Contribution&rdquo;). On March 29
 2016
 the Chambers Affiliates entered into a Debt
Contribution Agreement between BRHC and the Chambers Affiliates
 pursuant to which BRHC issued a number of Class A Units representing
95% of the Class A Units of BRHC to the Chambers Affiliates in exchange for the release of BRHC's obligations under the Chambers
Credit Facility (the &ldquo;Satisfaction of Debt&rdquo; and
 together with the Asset Contribution
 the &ldquo;BRHC Transaction&rdquo;).
Concurrent with the Satisfaction of Debt
 each warrant originally issued with the Chambers Credit Facility was automatically retired
and cancelled. The closing of the BRHC Transaction was subject to the Company obtaining the approval of stockholders holding a
majority of its outstanding capital stock and to the Company having assigned the Cadence Credit Agreement to BRHC with Cadence&rsquo;s
consent
 and BRHC and Cadence entering into any applicable amendment agreements related to such assignment and waiver of financial
covenant ratio compliance for the quarter ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015 and quarter ending March 31

June 21
 2016
 the Company satisfied all of these conditions and
 for accounting purposes
 the BRHC Transaction was consummated.
The parties have agreed that the BRHC Transaction
 the Asset Contribution and the Satisfaction of Debt are effective
 for valuation
purposes
 as of April 1
 2016.

Cancelation of Management Services Agreement
and Sale of BRHC Investment


 2017
 we
were notified by BRHC of their termination of our Management Services Agreement and that they had finalized the sale of BRHC&rsquo;s
oil and gas assets to a third party. On April 3
 2017
 BRHC signed a Contribution Agreement that provides for the transfer of ownership
and title of all oil and gas assets held by BRHC in exchange for preferred membership interest in the acquiring LLC (the &ldquo;BRHC
Sale&rdquo;). Consistent with the terms of the Management Services Agreement
 we were paid for our management services through
June 30
 2017.


 Chambers
Energy Capital II
 LP and CEC II TE
 LLC (together with Chambers Energy Capital II
 LP the &ldquo;Chambers Affiliates&rdquo;) as
the members of Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC (&ldquo;BRHC&rdquo;) agreed to dissolve and wind up BRHC and filed a Certificate
of Cancellation under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act as of October 3
 2017. On October 2
 2017
 the Company entered
into an agreement with the Chambers Affiliates whereby certain assets distributed to the Company upon the dissolution and winding
up of BRHC effective as of October 2
 2017
 were sold to the Assignees in exchange for cash consideration of $1
078
394. Additionally
cash and receivables totaling $4
645 in value were distributed directly to the Company from BRHC.




value through identifying and targeting acreage positions with attractive returns on the capital employed by evaluating
 amongst
other factors
 reserve potential
 operator performance

management team has significant access to both publicly available and proprietary business combination opportunities and has collectively
bid on over $2.4 billion of opportunities with private equity sponsors since June 2015.


and connections of our personnel across a variety of onshore unconventional oil and gas plays
 we believe that we are able to create
value for our partners through opportunistic acquisitions development and subsequent divestitures. We believe our experience and
relationships enhance our ability to identify and acquire high value prospects and manage them effectively.

As
the sponsor and manager of Back Ridge Acquisition Corp. (&ldquo;BRAC&rdquo;)
BRAC&rsquo;s
efforts to identify a prospective target business in the energy or energy-related industries with an emphasis on opportunities
in the upstream oil and gas industry in North America.

Principal Agreements Affecting Our Ordinary
Business


for our continuing operations take the form of management service agreements
 whereby our partners pay a fee to us for managing
the business operations and day-to-day transactions of the business
 and joint venture agreements
 whereby joint ventures are funded
by our partners and we are paid a fee to identify prospective oil and gas related investments for purchase and manage the day-to-day
operations of those assets once purchased. Under the joint venture agreements

investor hurdles are met
 the Company will generally receive a share of profits in the joint venture. 





    
    




We
currently have 7 full time employees. We may hire additional technical or administrative personnel as appropriate. However
 we
do not expect a significant change in the number of full time employees over the next 12&nbsp;months based upon our currently-projected
business plan. We are using and will continue to use the services of independent consultants and contractors to perform various
professional services for us or on behalf of our partners. We believe that this use of third-party service providers enhances our
ability to contain general and administrative expenses.




are located at 110 North Fifth Street
 Suite 410
 Minneapolis
 Minnesota 55403. Our office space consists of approximately 2
786
square feet leased pursuant to an annual lease agreement that commenced on July 1
 2016 and continued on a month-to-month basis
beginning July 1
 2017.

Financial Information about Segments
and Geographic Areas


our operations into segments or geographic areas.

Available Information &ndash; Reports
to Security Holders


is www.blackridgeoil.com. We make available on this website
 free of charge
 our annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports after we electronically file those materials with
 or
furnish those materials to
 the SEC. These filings are also available to the public at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room at
100 F Street
 NE
 Room 1580
 Washington
 DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room
by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Electronic filings with the SEC are also available on the SEC internet website at www.sec.gov.


website our Audit Committee Charter and our Code of Ethics
 in addition to all pertinent company contact information.




If we
 unable to obtain the additional capital or joint venture partners that we need to implement our business

 we may be unable to continue as a going concern.


2017 our cash balance was $1
447
089. We will continue to have general and administrative expenses to remain a public company and continue with our business plan. The
cash on hand would be insufficient to cover our current cash needs over the next year.


sources of additional capital through various financing transactions or arrangements
 including joint venturing of projects
 equity
financing or other means. We may not be successful in identifying suitable funding transactions in a sufficient time period or
at all
 and we may not obtain the capital we require by other means. If we do not succeed in raising additional capital
 our resources
may not be sufficient to fund our business.


costs in pursuing future capital financing
 including investment banking fees
 legal fees
 accounting fees
 securities law compliance
fees
 printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in connection
with certain securities we may issue
 which may adversely impact our financial condition.


independent registered public accounting firm that accompanies its audited consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report
on Form&nbsp;10-K contains an explanatory paragraph regarding the substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue
as a going concern.





    
    


We are subject
to risks inherent in our partners&rsquo; oil and gas businesses


partners
 and ourselves to the extent we take or receive an equity position in our partners&rsquo; investments
 experience the
risks and volatility inherent with ownership of oil and gas operations. All of these risks could adversely affect their financial
condition and the results of their operations and potentially limit their ability to meet their financial obligations to us and
other parties. Those risks include
 but are not limited to
 the following:



    
    
Crude oil
 natural gas and natural gas liquid (NGL&rsquo;s) prices are very volatile;

    
    
    

    
    
Drilling for oil
 natural gas and NGLs are high risk activities with many uncertainties;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
As a non-operator
 the development of successful operations relies on third-party operators who
 if not successful
 could have a materially adverse effect on the results of operations;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Decommissioning costs are unknown and may be substantial
 and unplanned costs could divert resources from other projects; and

    
    
    


Our net
operating loss carryforwards may be limited under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code by certain changes in the ownership
of our company.


loss (&ldquo;NOL&rdquo;) carryforwards that we may use to offset against taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
At December&nbsp;31
 2017
 we had an estimated NOL carryforward of approximately $26.5 million for United States federal tax return
purposes. However
 Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of&nbsp;1986
 as amended
 may limit the NOLs that we may use in any
year for U.S. federal income tax purposes in the event of certain changes in ownership of our company. Any limitation on
our ability to use NOLs could
 depending on the extent of such limitation
 result in higher U.S. federal income taxes being paid
(and therefore a reduction in cash) than if such NOLs were available as an offset against such income for U.S.&nbsp;federal income
tax reporting purposes. In addition
 if the limitation under Section&nbsp;382 is triggered
 it could result in a significant charge
to earnings in the period in which it is triggered.

We are highly dependent on Kenneth
DeCubellis
 our chief executive officer
 and our other executive officers and employees. The loss of one or more of them
 upon
whose knowledge
 leadership and technical expertise we rely
 would harm our ability to execute our business plan.


success depends heavily upon the continued contributions of Kenneth DeCubellis
 our chief executive officer
 whose knowledge
 leadership
and technical expertise would be difficult to replace
 with the support of James Moe
 our chief financial officer
 and Michael
Eisele
 our chief operating officer. If we were to lose their services
 our ability to execute our business plan would be harmed
and we may be forced to cease operations until such time as we are able to suitably replace them. Any of our executive officers
may terminate their employment with our company at any time.

We have a limited operating history
as a manager of oil and gas properties for our partners and may not be successful in becoming profitable.


history as a manger of oil and gas properties for our partners. Our business operations must be considered in light of the risks
expenses and difficulties frequently encountered in establishing a business in the crude oil and natural gas industries. There
can be no assurance that our business operations will prove to be successful in the long-term. Our future operating results will
depend on many factors
 including: our ability to raise adequate working capital; our ability to attract and maintain key management
and employees; and our ability to efficiently find investment opportunities for our partners. To sustain profitable operations
in the future
 we must
 alone or with others
 successfully manage these factors
 as well as continue to develop the base of assets
that we manage.





    
    


Strategic relationships upon which
we may rely are subject to change
 which may diminish our ability to conduct business.


develop additional assets for our partners under the umbrella that we manage will depend on developing and maintaining close working
relationships with industry participants. Our success will also depend on our ability to select and evaluate suitable properties
for our partners and to consummate transactions in a highly competitive environment. These realities are subject to change and
our inability to maintain close working relationships with industry participants or continue to identify suitable properties may
impair our ability to execute our business plan.


our business
 we will use the business relationships of our management and develop new relationships to enter into strategic relationships.
These relationships may take the form of joint ventures
 joint operating agreements
 referral agreements and other contractual
arrangements with outside individuals and crude oil and natural gas companies. We may not be able to establish these strategic
relationships
 or if established
 we may not be able to maintain them. In addition
 the dynamics of our relationships with strategic
partners may require us to incur expenses or undertake activities that we would not otherwise be inclined to do independent of
these strategic relationships. If sufficient strategic relationships are not established and maintained
 our business prospects
financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.

We may not be able to effectively
manage our growth
 which may harm our profitability.


the expansion of our business. If we fail to effectively manage our growth
 our financial results could be adversely affected.
Growth may place a strain on our management systems and resources. We must continue to refine and expand our business capabilities
our systems and processes and our access to financing sources. As we grow
 we must continue to hire
 train
 supervise and manage
new employees. We cannot assure that we will be able to:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
identify and engage qualified employees and consultants
 or retain valued employees and consultants; or

    
    
    



our financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.

The Company may become subject to
the requirements of the Investment Company Act of 1940
 which would limit the Company&rsquo;s business operations and require the
Company to spend significant resources to comply with such act.


Act of 1940 (the &ldquo;Investment Company Act&rdquo;) defines an &ldquo;investment company&rdquo; as an issuer that is engaged
in the business of investing
 reinvesting
 owning
 holding or trading in securities and owns investment securities having a value
exceeding 40 percent of the issuer's unconsolidated assets
 excluding cash items and securities issued by the federal government.
While we believe that a reasonable investor would not conclude that engaged primarily in investing in securities based on our continued
focus on acquiring
 investing in
 and managing oil and gas assets
 the current composition of our assets
 including our ownership
of BRAC shares
 could contribute to a conclusion that we meet the threshold definition of an investment company. While the Investment
Company Act also has several exclusions and exceptions that we would seek to rely upon to avoid being deemed an investment company
our reliance on any such exclusions or exceptions may be misplaced resulting in violation of the Investment Company Act
 the consequences
of which can be significant. For example
 investment companies that fail to register under the Investment Company Act are prohibited
from conducting business in interstate commerce
 which includes selling securities or entering into other contracts in interstate
commerce. Section 47(b) of the Investment Company Act provides that a contract made
 or whose performance involves
 a violation
of the Investment Company Act is unenforceable by either party unless a court finds that enforcement would produce a more equitable
result than non-enforcement. Similarly
 a court may not deny rescission to any party seeking to rescind a contract that violates
the Investment Company Act
 unless the court finds that denial of rescission would produce more equitable result than granting
rescission.


to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act
 Rule 3a-2 of the Investment Company Act provides that inadvertent
or transient investment companies will not be treated as investment companies subject to the provisions of the Investment Company
Act provided the issuer has the requisite intent to be engaged in a non-investment business
 evidenced by the issuer&rsquo;s business
activities and an appropriate resolution of the issuer&rsquo;s board of directors
 within one year from the commencement of the
earlier of (1) the date on which the issuer owns securities and/or cash having a value exceeding 50% of the value of such issuer's
total assets on either a consolidated or unconsolidated basis
 or (2) the date on which an issuer owns or proposes to acquire investment
securities (as defined in section 3(a) of the Act) having a value exceeding 40% of the value of such issuer's total assets (exclusive
of government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. If the Company becomes an inadvertent investment company
and fails to meet the requirements of the transient investment company exemption under Rule 3a-2 of the Investment Company Act
then we will be required to register as an investment company with the SEC.





    
    



ramifications of becoming an investment company
 both in terms of the restrictions it would have on our company and the cost of
compliance
 would be significant. For example
 in addition to expenses related to initially registering as an investment company
the Investment Company Act also imposes various restrictions with regard to our ability to enter into affiliated transactions
the diversification of our assets and our ability to borrow money. If we became subject to the Investment Company Act at some point
in the future
 our ability to continue pursuing our business plan would be severely limited.

Risks in Connection with Sponsorship
BRAC

Our officers and directors will allocate
a portion of their time to BRAC which could cause conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to
our affairs. This could have a negative impact on our ability to effectuate our operational business plan.


are officers and/or directors BRAC and as a result may not be able to commit their full time to our affairs. We presently expect
each of our employees to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business. The foregoing could
have a negative impact on our ability to effectuate our operational business plan.

Our officers and directors may have
a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business for BRAC is appropriate for a business combination.


and directors is an officer and/or director of BRAC. As described elsewhere in this annual report
 an oil and gas company that
pursues asset acquisitions in the energy industry
 the same industry within which BRAC will focus its search for a target business.
However
 we will continue to focus on acquiring assets from businesses with private equity backing that are seeking to sell such
assets for cash without retaining any equity interest in them
 whereas BRAC intends to acquire a target business from a seller
that wishes to retain a significant equity interest in the combined company. Accordingly
 our management team does not believe
that there will be a meaningful conflict between us and BRAC in relation to consummating a business combination. Nevertheless
we cannot assure you of this fact and it is possible that a suitable business opportunity could be presented to BRAC prior to its
presentation to our company.



The market price of our common stock
is
 and is likely to continue to be
 highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations.


our common stock is likely to continue to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a number
of factors
 some of which are beyond our control
 including but not limited to:



    
    
dilution caused by our issuance of additional shares of common stock and other forms of equity securities
 which we expect to make in connection with future capital financings to fund our operations and growth
 to attract and retain valuable personnel and in connection with future strategic partnerships with other companies;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
changes in the valuation of similarly situated companies
 both in our industry and in other industries;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
changes in analysts&rsquo; estimates affecting our company
 our competitors and/or our industry;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
significant sales of our common stock
 including sales by selling shareholders following the registration of shares under a prospectus.



are largely beyond our control
 and the impact of these risks
 singly or in the aggregate
 may result in material adverse changes
to the market price of our common stock and our results of operations and financial condition.

Our operating results may fluctuate
significantly
 and these fluctuations may cause the price of our common stock to decline.


will likely vary in the future primarily as the result of fluctuations in our revenues and operating expenses
 including the expenses
that we incur and other factors. If our results of operations do not meet the expectations of current or potential investors
 the
price of our common stock may decline.





    
    


Shareholders will experience dilution
upon the exercise of outstanding warrants and options and issuance of common stock under our incentive plans.


&nbsp;2017
we had options for 7
093
800 shares of common stock outstanding under our 2012&nbsp;Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan and
options for an additional 3
763
500 shares of common stock outstanding under our 2016 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan. If the holders
of outstanding options exercise those options or our compensation committee or full board of directors determines to grant additional
stock awards under our incentive plan
 shareholders may experience dilution in the net tangible book value of our common stock.
Further
 the sale or availability for sale of the underlying shares in the marketplace as a result of the exercise of existing
options and the grant of additional options could depress our stock price.

We do not expect to pay dividends
in the foreseeable future.


declare dividends for the foreseeable future
 as we anticipate that we will reinvest any future earnings in the development and
growth of our business. In addition
 debt arrangements we may enter into in the future will likely preclude us from paying dividends.
Therefore
 investors will not receive any funds unless they sell their common stock
 and shareholders may be unable to sell their
shares on favorable terms or at all. Investors cannot be assured of a positive return on investment or that they will not lose
the entire amount of their investment in our common stock.

We may issue additional stock without
shareholder consent.


has authority
 without action or vote of the shareholders
 to issue all or part of our authorized but unissued shares. Additional
shares may be issued in connection with future financing
 acquisitions
 employee stock plans
 or otherwise. Any such issuance will
dilute the percentage ownership of existing shareholders. We are also currently authorized to issue up to 20
000
000&nbsp;shares
of preferred stock. The board of directors can issue preferred stock in one or more series and fix the terms of such stock without
shareholder approval. Preferred stock may include the right to vote as a series on particular matters
 preferences as to dividends
and liquidation
 conversion and redemption rights and sinking fund provisions. The issuance of preferred stock could adversely
affect the rights of the holders of common stock and reduce the value of the common stock. In addition
 specific rights granted
to holders of preferred stock could discourage
 delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company
 even
if doing so would benefit our shareholders. Such issuance could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you
and other shareholders to elect directors of your choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions you desire.

There is currently a limited trading
market for our common stock and we cannot ensure that one will ever develop or be sustained.


been a significant liquid trading market for our common stock. We cannot predict how liquid the market for our common stock might
become. We currently do not satisfy the initial listing standards for any major securities exchange
 although we intend to apply
for such an exchange listing when we are able. Currently our common stock is traded on the OTCQB. Should we fail to remain traded
on the OTCQB or not be able to be traded on the OTCQB
 the trading price of our common stock could suffer
 the trading market for
our common stock may be less liquid and our common stock price may be subject to increased volatility. Furthermore
 for companies
whose securities are quoted on the OTCQB
 it may be more difficult (i) to obtain accurate quotations
 (ii) to obtain coverage for
significant news events because major wire services generally do not publish press releases about such companies and (iii) to obtain
needed capital.

Offers or availability for sale of
a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline.


sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market
 or upon the expiration of any statutory holding period under
Rule&nbsp;144
or issued upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants
 it could create a circumstance commonly referred
to as an &ldquo;overhang&rdquo; and in anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence of
an overhang
 whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring
 also could hinder our ability to raise additional financing through
the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate.





    
    


Risks Related to BRAC and its Common
Stock

BRAC is a recently formed company with no operating history
and no revenues
 and its investors have no basis on which to evaluate BRAC&rsquo;s ability to achieve BRAC&rsquo;s business objective.


company with no operating results to date. Therefore
 BRAC&rsquo;s ability to commence operations is dependent upon completing
a business combination. Since BRAC does not have an operating history
 its investors will have no basis upon which to evaluate
BRAC&rsquo;s ability to achieve BRAC&rsquo;s business objective
 which is to acquire an operating business. BRAC will not generate
any revenues until
 at the earliest
 after the consummation of a business combination.

If BRAC is unable to consummate a business
combination
 BRAC&rsquo;s public stockholders may be forced to wait more than 21 months from the completion of BRAC&rsquo;s IPO
(July 10
 2019) before receiving distributions from the trust account.


10
 2019 to complete a business combination. BRAC has no obligation to return funds to investors prior to such date unless BRAC
consummates a business combination prior thereto and only then in cases where its investors have sought to convert or sell their
shares to BRAC. Only after the expiration of this full time period will public security holders be entitled to distributions from
the trust account if BRAC is unable to complete a business combination. Accordingly
 BRAC&rsquo;s investors&rsquo; funds may be
unavailable to them until after such date and to liquidate their investment
 public security holders may be forced to sell their
public shares
 rights or warrants
 potentially at a loss.

BRAC&rsquo;s public stockholders may not be afforded an
opportunity to vote on BRAC&rsquo;s proposed business combination
 which means BRAC may complete BRAC&rsquo;s initial business
combination even if a majority of BRAC&rsquo;s public stockholders do not support such a combination.


seek stockholder approval of BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public stockholders
may seek to convert their shares
 regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination
 into their
pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of franchise and income taxes payable)
 or (2)
provide BRAC&rsquo;s public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to BRAC by means of a tender offer (and thereby
avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account (net of franchise and income taxes payable)
 in each case subject to the limitations described elsewhere in this
report. Accordingly
 it is possible that BRAC will consummate BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination even if holders of a majority
of BRAC&rsquo;s public shares do not approve of the business combination BRAC consummates. The decision as to whether BRAC will
seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to BRAC in a tender
offer will be made by us
 solely in BRAC&rsquo;s discretion
 and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the
transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require BRAC to seek stockholder approval. For instance
 NASDAQ
rules currently allow BRAC to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a stockholder meeting but would still require BRAC to obtain
stockholder approval if BRAC were seeking to issue more than 20% of BRAC&rsquo;s outstanding shares to a target business as consideration
in any business combination. Therefore
 if BRAC were structuring a business combination that required BRAC to issue more than 20%
of BRAC&rsquo;s outstanding shares
 BRAC would seek stockholder approval of such business combination instead of conducting a tender
offer.

Because of BRAC&rsquo;s structure
 other companies may
have a competitive advantage and BRAC may not be able to consummate an attractive business combination.


from entities other than blank check companies having a business objective similar to BRAC&rsquo;s
 including venture capital funds
leveraged buyout funds and operating businesses competing for acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have
extensive experience in identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors
possess greater technical
 human and other resources than BRAC does and BRAC&rsquo;s financial resources will be relatively limited
when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While BRAC believes that there are numerous potential target businesses
that BRAC could acquire with the net proceeds of this offering
 BRAC&rsquo;s ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target
businesses will be limited by BRAC&rsquo;s available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an
advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Additionally
 BROG
 as BRAC&rsquo;s sponsor
 is an oil and
gas company that pursues distressed asset acquisitions in the energy industry
 the same industry within which BRAC intends to focus
its search for a target business. While BROG intends to acquire assets from businesses with private equity backing that are seeking
to sell such assets for cash without retaining any equity interest in them (as opposed to BRAC&rsquo;s intent to acquire a target
business from a seller that wishes to retain a significant equity interest in the combined company)
 it is not limited to this
type of acquisition and BRAC therefore could nevertheless be subject to competition for acquisitions with BROG and its other interests.
Furthermore
 seeking stockholder approval or engaging in a tender offer in connection with any proposed business combination may
delay the consummation of such a transaction. Additionally
 BRAC&rsquo;s outstanding rights and warrants
 and the future dilution
they potentially represent
 may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of the foregoing may place BRAC at a
competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination.





    
    


The ability of BRAC&rsquo;s stockholders to exercise their
conversion rights or sell their shares to BRAC in a tender offer may not allow BRAC to effectuate the most desirable business combination
or optimize BRAC&rsquo;s capital structure.


BRAC to use substantially all of its cash to pay the purchase price
 because it will not know how many stockholders may exercise
conversion rights or seek to sell their shares to it in a tender offer
 it may either need to reserve part of the trust account
for possible payment upon such conversion
 or it may need to arrange third party financing to help fund its business combination.
In the event that the acquisition involves the issuance of its stock as consideration
 BRAC may be required to issue a higher percentage
of its stock to make up for a shortfall in funds. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing
or incurring indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. This may limit BRAC&rsquo;s ability to effectuate the most attractive
business combination available to us.

In connection with any vote to approve a business combination
BRAC will offer each public stockholder the option to vote in favor of a proposed business combination and still seek conversion
of his
 her or its shares.


a business combination
 BRAC will offer each public stockholder (but not BROG
 as BRAC&rsquo;s sponsor
 or BROG&rsquo;s officers
or directors) the right to have his
 her or its shares of common stock converted to cash (subject to the limitations described
elsewhere in this annual report) regardless of whether such stockholder votes for or against such proposed business combination.
This ability to seek conversion while voting in favor of BRAC&rsquo;s proposed business combination may make it more likely that
BRAC will consummate a business combination.

The ability of BRAC&rsquo;s public stockholders to exercise
redemption rights with respect to a large number of BRAC&rsquo;s shares could increase the probability that BRAC&rsquo;s initial
business combination is not consummated and that its investors would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem their stock.


for BRAC&rsquo;s business combination requires it to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price
or requires it to have a minimum amount of cash at closing
 the probability that BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination would
not be consummated is increased. If BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination is not consummated
 its investors would not receive
their pro rata portion of the trust account until BRAC liquidates the trust account in connection with BRAC&rsquo;s liquidation.
If its investors are in need of immediate liquidity
 its investors could attempt to sell their stock in the open market; however
at such time BRAC&rsquo;s stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation
its investors may suffer a material loss on their investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with BRAC&rsquo;s
redemption until BRAC liquidates or its investors are able to sell their stock in the open market.

The requirement that BRAC complete
its initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over BRAC in negotiating
a business combination and may decrease its ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as BRAC
approaches its dissolution deadline
 which could undermine its ability to complete its business combination on terms that would
produce value for its stockholders.


business with which BRAC enters into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that BRAC must complete its initial
business combination by July 10
 2019. Consequently
 such target business may obtain leverage over BRAC in negotiating a business
combination
 knowing that if BRAC does not complete its initial business combination with that particular target business
 BRAC
may be unable to complete its initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as BRAC get closer
to the timeframe described above. In addition
 BRAC may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into its initial
business combination on terms that it would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.

BRAC may not obtain a fairness opinion
with respect to the target business that BRAC seeks to acquire and therefore its investors may be relying solely on the judgment
of BRAC&rsquo;s board of directors in approving a proposed business combination.


fairness opinion with respect to the target business that it seeks to acquire if it is an entity that is affiliated with any of
BRAC&rsquo;s officers
 directors or BROG as its sponsor. In all other instances
 BRAC will have no obligation to obtain an opinion.
Accordingly
 investors will be relying solely on the judgment of BRAC&rsquo;s board of directors in approving a proposed business
combination.





    
    


BRAC may not be able to complete
its initial business combination within the prescribed time frame
 in which case BRAC would cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up and BRAC would redeem its public shares and liquidate.


 as BRAC&rsquo;s
sponsor
 and BROG&rsquo;s executive officers and directors have agreed that BRAC must complete its initial business combination
by July 10
 2019. If BRAC has not completed BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination by July 10
 2019
 BRAC will: (i) cease all
operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
redeem the public shares
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
including interest (which interest shall be net of franchise and income taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders&rsquo; rights as stockholders (including the right
to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption
 subject to the approval of BRAC&rsquo;s remaining stockholders and BRAC&rsquo;s board of directors
dissolve and liquidate
 subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to BRAC&rsquo;s obligations under Delaware law to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.

If the net proceeds of BRAC&rsquo;s
initial public offering not being held in the trust account are insufficient
 it could limit the amount available to fund BRAC&rsquo;s
search for a target business or businesses and complete its initial business combination and BRAC will depend on loans from its
sponsor or management team to fund its search
 to pay its income taxes and to complete its business combination.


of BRAC&rsquo;s initial public offering
 only approximately $428
000 (as of December 31
 2017) is available to BRAC outside the
trust account to fund its working capital requirements. If BRAC is required to seek additional capital
 it would need to borrow
funds from its sponsor
 management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither BROG
 as BRAC&rsquo;s
sponsor
 or members of BRAC&rsquo;s management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to it
in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released
to BRAC upon completion of its initial business combination. If BRAC is unable to complete its initial business combination because
BRAC does not have sufficient funds available to it
 BRAC will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account.
Consequently
 BRAC&rsquo;s public stockholders may only receive
 without taking into account
 interest
 if any
 earned on the
trust account
 approximately $10.05 per share on BRAC&rsquo;s redemption of its public shares
 and BRAC&rsquo;s warrants will
expire worthless.

Since BRAC has not yet selected a
particular industry or target business with which to complete a business combination
 BRAC is unable to currently ascertain the
merits or risks of the industry or business in which BRAC may ultimately operate.


search for target businesses on companies in the energy or energy-related industries with an emphasis on opportunities in the upstream
oil and gas industry in North America where BRAC&rsquo;s management team&rsquo;s networks and experience are suited
 BRAC may consummate
a business combination with a company in any industry BRAC chooses and are not limited to any particular industry or type of business.
Accordingly
 there is no current basis for its investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the particular industry in
which BRAC may ultimately operate or the target business which BRAC may ultimately acquire. To the extent BRAC completes a business
combination with a financially unstable company or an entity in its development stage
 BRAC may be affected by numerous risks inherent
in the business operations of those entities. If BRAC completes a business combination with an entity in an industry characterized
by a high level of risk
 BRAC may be affected by the currently unascertainable risks of that industry. Although BRAC&rsquo;s management
will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular industry or target business
 BRAC cannot assure its investors that
BRAC will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. BRAC also cannot assure its investors that an investment
in BRAC&rsquo;s units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in this offering than a direct investment
 if
an opportunity were available
 in a target business.

BRAC may seek acquisition opportunities
in industries or sectors outside the energy sector
 which may or may not be outside of BRAC&rsquo;s management&rsquo;s area of
expertise.


combination outside the energy sector (which sectors may or may not be outside BRAC&rsquo;s management&rsquo;s areas of expertise)
if a business combination candidate is presented to it and BRAC determines that such candidate offers an acquisition opportunity
for BRAC&rsquo;s company. Although BRAC&rsquo;s management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business
combination candidate
 BRAC cannot assure its investors that BRAC will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk
factors. BRAC also cannot assure its investors that an investment in BRAC&rsquo;s securities will not ultimately prove to be less
favorable to investors than a direct investment
 if an opportunity were available
 in a business combination candidate. In the
event BRAC elects to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of BRAC&rsquo;s management&rsquo;s expertise
 BRAC&rsquo;s management&rsquo;s
expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation
 and the information contained herein regarding the areas
of BRAC&rsquo;s management&rsquo;s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that BRAC elects to acquire.





    
    


Although BRAC identified general
criteria and guidelines that BRAC believes are important in evaluating prospective target businesses
 BRAC may enter into BRAC&rsquo;s
initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines
 and as a result
 the target business
with which BRAC enter into BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with BRAC&rsquo;s
general criteria and guidelines.


and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses
 it is possible that a target business with which BRAC enters into
BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If BRAC completes BRAC&rsquo;s initial
business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines
 such combination may not be as successful
as a combination with a business that does meet all of BRAC&rsquo;s general criteria and guidelines. In addition
 if BRAC announces
a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet BRAC&rsquo;s general criteria and guidelines
 a greater number
of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights
 which may make it difficult for it to meet any closing condition with a target
business that requires it to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition
 if stockholder approval of the
transaction is required by law
 or BRAC decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons
 it may be more
difficult for it to attain stockholder approval of BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination if the target business does not meet
BRAC&rsquo;s general criteria and guidelines. If BRAC is unable to complete BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination
 BRAC&rsquo;s
public stockholders may receive
 without taking into account
 interest
 if any
 earned on the trust account
 only approximately
$10.05 per share on the liquidation of BRAC&rsquo;s trust account and BRAC&rsquo;s warrants will expire worthless.

BRAC may seek investment opportunities
with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings.


initial business combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings
BRAC may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which BRAC combines. These risks include
volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although BRAC&rsquo;s executive officers
and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business
 BRAC may not be able to properly ascertain
or assess all of the significant risk factors and BRAC may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore
 some
of these risks may be outside of BRAC&rsquo;s control and leave it with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those
risks will adversely impact a target business.

BRAC may issue shares of BRAC&rsquo;s
capital stock or debt securities to complete a business combination
 which would reduce the equity interest of BRAC&rsquo;s stockholders
and likely cause a change in control of BRAC&rsquo;s ownership.


of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 35
000
000 shares of common stock
 par value $.0001 per share
 and 1
000
000
shares of preferred stock
 par value $.0001 per share. The issuance of additional shares of common stock or preferred stock:




may subordinate the rights of holders of shares of common stock if BRAC issues shares of preferred stock with rights senior
to those afforded to BRAC&rsquo;s shares of common stock;

may cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of common stock are issued
 which may affect
 among other things
BRAC&rsquo;s ability to use BRAC&rsquo;s net operating loss carry forwards
 if any
 and could result in the resignation or removal
of BRAC&rsquo;s present officers and directors; and




 if BRAC issues debt securities
 it could result in:


default and foreclosure on BRAC&rsquo;s assets if BRAC&rsquo;s operating revenues after a business combination are insufficient
to repay BRAC&rsquo;s debt obligations;

acceleration of BRAC&rsquo;s obligations to repay the indebtedness even if BRAC makes all principal and interest payments when
due if BRAC breaches certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or
renegotiation of that covenant;

BRAC&rsquo;s immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest
 if any
 if the debt security is payable on demand; and

BRAC&rsquo;s inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting BRAC&rsquo;s
ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding.





    
    



 BRAC&rsquo;s
lenders will not have a claim on the cash in the trust account and such indebtedness will not decrease the per-share conversion
amount in the trust account.

Resources could be spent researching
acquisitions that are not consummated
 which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge
with another business.


of each specific target business and the negotiation
 drafting
 and execution of relevant agreements
 disclosure documents
 and
other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants
 attorneys and others.
If a decision is made not to complete a specific business combination
 the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction
likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore
 even if an agreement is reached relating to a specific target business
 BRAC may
fail to consummate the business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond BRAC&rsquo;s control. Any such event
will result in a loss to BRAC of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate
and acquire or merge with another business.

BRAC is dependent upon BRAC&rsquo;s
executive officers and directors and their departure could adversely affect BRAC&rsquo;s ability to operate.


a relatively small group of individuals and
 in particular
 Kenneth DeCubellis and BRAC&rsquo;s other executive officers and directors.
BRAC believes that BRAC&rsquo;s success depends on the continued service of BRAC&rsquo;s executive officers and directors
 at least
until BRAC has completed BRAC&rsquo;s business combination. In addition
 BRAC&rsquo;s executive officers and directors are not
required to commit any specified amount of time to BRAC&rsquo;s affairs and
 accordingly
 will have conflicts of interest in allocating
management time among various business activities
 including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related
due diligence. BRAC does not have key-man insurance on the life of any of BRAC&rsquo;s directors or executive officers. The unexpected
loss of the services of one or more of BRAC&rsquo;s directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us.

BRAC&rsquo;s ability to successfully
effect a business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of BRAC&rsquo;s key personnel
some of whom may join it following a business combination. While BRAC intends to closely scrutinize any individuals BRAC engages
after a business combination
 BRAC cannot assure its investors that BRAC&rsquo;s assessment of these individuals will prove to
be correct.


a business combination is dependent upon the efforts of BRAC&rsquo;s key personnel. BRAC believe that BRAC&rsquo;s success depends
on the continued service of BRAC&rsquo;s key personnel
 at least until BRAC has consummated BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination.
BRAC cannot assure its investors that any of BRAC&rsquo;s key personnel will remain with it for the immediate or foreseeable future.
In addition
 none of BRAC&rsquo;s officers are required to commit any specified amount of time to BRAC&rsquo;s affairs and
 accordingly
BRAC&rsquo;s officers will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities
 including
identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. BRAC does not have employment agreements
with
 or key-man insurance on the life of
 any of BRAC&rsquo;s officers. The unexpected loss of the services of BRAC&rsquo;s key
personnel could have a detrimental effect on us.


after a business combination
 however
 cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of BRAC&rsquo;s key personnel serve in senior
management or advisory positions following a business combination
 it is likely that most
 if not all
 of the management of the
target business will remain in place. While BRAC intends to closely scrutinize any individuals BRAC engages after a business combination
BRAC cannot assure its investors that BRAC&rsquo;s assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals
may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a public company which could cause it to have to expend time and resources
helping them become familiar with such requirements. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory
issues which may adversely affect BRAC&rsquo;s operations.

BRAC&rsquo;s officers and directors
may not have significant experience or knowledge regarding the jurisdiction or industry of the target business BRAC may seek to
acquire.


with a target business in any geographic location or industry BRAC chooses. BRAC cannot assure its investors that BRAC&rsquo;s
officers and directors will have enough experience or have sufficient knowledge relating to the jurisdiction of the target or its
industry to make an informed decision regarding a business combination.





    
    


None of BRAC&rsquo;s executive officers
or directors has ever been associated with a special purpose acquisition corporation and such lack of experience could adversely
affect BRAC&rsquo;s ability to consummate a business combination.


or directors has ever been associated with a special purpose acquisition corporation. BRAC&rsquo;s management&rsquo;s lack of experience
in operating a special purpose acquisition corporation could adversely affect BRAC&rsquo;s ability to consummate a business combination
and could result in BRAC&rsquo;s not completing a business combination in the prescribed time frame.

BRAC&rsquo;s key personnel may negotiate
employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements
may provide for them to receive compensation following a business combination and as a result
 may cause them to have conflicts
of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.


to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting
agreements or other appropriate arrangements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously
with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of
cash payments and/or BRAC&rsquo;s securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business
combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting
a target business.

BRAC may have a limited ability to
assess the management of a prospective target business and
 as a result
 may effect BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination with
a target business whose management may not have the skills
 qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.


BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination with a prospective target business
 BRAC&rsquo;s ability to assess the target business&rsquo;s
management may be limited due to a lack of time
 resources or information. BRAC&rsquo;s assessment of the capabilities of the target&rsquo;s
management
 therefore
 may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills
 qualifications or abilities BRAC suspected.
Should the target&rsquo;s management not possess the skills
 qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company
the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly
 any stockholders who
choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due
to the breach by BRAC&rsquo;s executive officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them
 or if they
are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the tender offer or proxy statement materials relating
to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.


candidate may resign upon completion of BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target&rsquo;s
key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of BRAC&rsquo;s post-combination business. The role of an
acquisition candidate&rsquo;s key personnel upon the completion of BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination cannot be ascertained
at this time. Although BRAC contemplates that certain members of an acquisition candidate&rsquo;s management team will remain associated
with the acquisition candidate following BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination
 it is possible that members of the management
of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place.


BRAC may engage in a business combination
with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with BRAC&rsquo;s executive officers
directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest.


 as
BRAC&rsquo;s sponsor
 and BROG&rsquo;s executive officers and directors with other entities
 BRAC may decide to acquire one or
more businesses affiliated with BROG or its executive officers and directors. BRAC&rsquo;s directors also serve as officers and
board members for other entities. Such entities may compete with it for business combination opportunities. Although BRAC is not
specifically focusing on
 or targeting
 any transaction with any affiliated entities
 BRAC could pursue such a transaction if BRAC
determined that such affiliated entity met BRAC&rsquo;s criteria for a business combination and such transaction was approved by
a majority of BRAC&rsquo;s disinterested directors. Despite BRAC&rsquo;s agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting
firm or independent investment banking firm regarding the fairness to BRAC&rsquo;s company from a financial point of view of a
business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with BRAC&rsquo;s executive officers
 directors
or existing holders
 potential conflicts of interest still may exist and
 as a result
 the terms of the business combination may
not be as advantageous to BRAC&rsquo;s public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.





    
    


BRAC may only be able to complete
one business combination with the proceeds of BRAC&rsquo;s initial public offering
 which will cause it to be solely dependent
on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services.


combination with a single target business
 although BRAC has the ability to simultaneously acquire several target businesses. By
consummating a business combination with only a single entity
 BRAC&rsquo;s lack of diversification may subject it to numerous
economic
 competitive and regulatory developments. Further
 BRAC would not be able to diversify BRAC&rsquo;s operations or benefit
from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses
 unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several
business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly
 the prospects for BRAC&rsquo;s
success may be:


solely dependent upon the performance of a single business
 or

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products
processes or services.


it to numerous economic
 competitive and regulatory developments
 any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon
the particular industry in which BRAC may operate subsequent to a business combination.


 if BRAC determines to simultaneously
acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers
 BRAC will need for each of such sellers to agree
that BRAC&rsquo;s purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations
 which
may make it more difficult for us
 and delay BRAC&rsquo;s ability
 to complete the business combination. With multiple business
combinations
 BRAC could also face additional risks
 including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations
and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation
of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If BRAC is unable to adequately
address these risks
 it could negatively impact BRAC&rsquo;s profitability and results of operations.

BRAC may attempt to simultaneously
complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets
 which may hinder BRAC&rsquo;s ability to complete BRAC&rsquo;s
business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact BRAC&rsquo;s operations and profitability.


several businesses that are owned by different sellers
 BRAC will need for each of such sellers to agree that BRAC&rsquo;s purchase
of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations
 which may make it more difficult
for us
 and delay BRAC&rsquo;s ability
 to complete BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination. With multiple business combinations
BRAC could also face additional risks
 including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and
due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation
of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If BRAC is unable to adequately
address these risks
 it could negatively impact BRAC&rsquo;s profitability and results of operations.

If BRAC&rsquo;s security holders
exercise their registration rights
 it may have an adverse effect on the market price of BRAC&rsquo;s shares of common stock and
the existence of these rights may make it more difficult to effect a business combination.


a demand that BRAC register the resale of the founders&rsquo; shares at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which
their shares may be released from escrow. Additionally
 the holders of the private units and any units BRAC&rsquo;s sponsor
 officers
directors
 or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to it are entitled to demand that BRAC register
the resale of the private units and any other units BRAC issues to them (and the underlying securities) commencing at any time
after BRAC consummates an initial business combination. The presence of these additional shares of common stock trading in the
public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of BRAC&rsquo;s securities. In addition
 the existence of these rights
may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business
 as the stockholders
of the target business may be discouraged from entering into a business combination with it or will request a higher price for
their securities because of the potential effect the exercise of such rights may have on the trading market for BRAC&rsquo;s shares
of common stock.

EarlyBirdCapital may have a conflict
of interest in rendering services to it in connection with BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination.


it in connection with BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination. BRAC will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee of $4
830
000 for such
services upon the consummation of BRAC&rsquo;s initial business combination. This financial interest may result in EarlyBirdCapital
having a conflict of interest when providing the services to it in connection with an initial business combination.





    
    


Because BRAC must furnish BRAC&rsquo;s
stockholders with target business financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
or international financial reporting standards
 BRAC will not be able to complete a business combination with prospective target
businesses unless their financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.


proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical
and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. These financial statements may be required to be prepared
in accordance with
 or be reconciled to
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 or GAAP
 or
international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
 or IFRS
 depending on the
circumstances
 and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 or PCAOB. BRAC will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection
with any tender offer documents BRAC use
 whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. Additionally
 to the extent
BRAC furnishes BRAC&rsquo;s stockholders with financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS
 such financial statements
will need to be audited in accordance with U.S. GAAP at the time of the consummation of the business combination. These financial
statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses BRAC may acquire.

BRAC is an emerging growth company
within the meaning of the Securities Act
 and if BRAC takes advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available
to emerging growth companies
 this could make BRAC&rsquo;s securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult
to compare BRAC&rsquo;s performance with other public companies.


&rdquo;
as defined in the JOBS Act. BRAC will remain an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; for up to five years. However
 if BRAC&rsquo;s
non-convertible debt issued within a three year period or revenues exceeds $1.07 billion
 or the market value of BRAC&rsquo;s shares
of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given
fiscal year
 BRAC would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year. As an emerging growth company
BRAC is not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 BRAC has reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in BRAC&rsquo;s periodic reports and proxy statements and BRAC is exempt
from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute
payments not previously approved. Additionally
 as an emerging growth company
 BRAC has elected to delay the adoption of new or
revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to
private companies. As such
 BRAC&rsquo;s financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company
effective dates. BRAC cannot predict if investors will find BRAC&rsquo;s shares of common stock less attractive because BRAC may
rely on these provisions. If some investors find BRAC&rsquo;s shares of common stock less attractive as a result
 there may be
a less active trading market for BRAC&rsquo;s shares and BRAC&rsquo;s share price may be more volatile.

Provisions in BRAC&rsquo;s amended
and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us
 which could limit the price
investors might be willing to pay in the future for BRAC&rsquo;s common stock and could entrench management.


of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider
to be in their best interests. BRAC&rsquo;s board of directors is divided into three classes
 each of which will generally serve
for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. As a result
 at a given annual meeting only
a minority of the board of directors may be considered for election. Since BRAC&rsquo;s &ldquo;staggered board&rdquo; may prevent
BRAC&rsquo;s stockholders from replacing a majority of BRAC&rsquo;s board of directors at any given annual meeting
 it may entrench
management and discourage unsolicited stockholder proposals that may be in the best interests of stockholders. Moreover
 BRAC&rsquo;s
board of directors has the ability to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock.


under Delaware law
 which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make more difficult the removal
of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for
BRAC&rsquo;s securities.





    
    


If BRAC effects a business combination
with a company located outside of the United States
 BRAC would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively
impact BRAC&rsquo;s operations.


with a company located outside of the United States. If BRAC did
 BRAC would be subject to any special considerations or risks
associated with companies operating in the target business&rsquo; home jurisdiction
 including any of the following:










tax issues
 such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;









crime
 strikes
 riots
 civil disturbances
 terrorist attacks and wars; and




to adequately address these additional risks. If BRAC were unable to do so
 BRAC&rsquo;s operations might suffer.

If BRAC effects a business combination with a company
located outside of the United States
 the laws applicable to such company will likely govern all of BRAC&rsquo;s material agreements
and BRAC may not be able to enforce BRAC&rsquo;s legal rights.


outside of the United States
 the laws of the country in which such company operates will govern almost all of the material agreements
relating to its operations. BRAC cannot assure its investors that the target business will be able to enforce any of its material
agreements or that remedies will be available in this new jurisdiction. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws
in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce
or obtain a remedy under any of BRAC&rsquo;s future agreements could result in a significant loss of business
 business opportunities
or capital. Additionally
 if BRAC acquires a company located outside of the United States
 it is likely that substantially all
of BRAC&rsquo;s assets would be located outside of the United States and some of BRAC&rsquo;s officers and directors might reside
outside of the United States. As a result
 it may not be possible for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights
to effect service of process upon BRAC&rsquo;s directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated
upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of BRAC&rsquo;s directors and officers under federal securities laws.

Changes in laws or regulations
 or a failure to comply
with any laws and regulations
 may adversely affect BRAC&rsquo;s business
 investments and results of operations.


regional and local governments. In particular
 BRAC will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance
with
 and monitoring of
 applicable laws and regulations may be difficult
 time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations
and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect
on BRAC&rsquo;s business
 investments and results of operations. In addition
 a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations
as interpreted and applied
 could have a material adverse effect on BRAC&rsquo;s business and results of operations.

BRAC&rsquo;s amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will provide
 subject to limited exceptions
 that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive
forum for certain stockholder litigation matters
 which could limit BRAC&rsquo;s stockholders&rsquo; ability to obtain a favorable
judicial forum for disputes with it or BRAC&rsquo;s directors
 officers
 employees or stockholders.


of incorporation requires
 to the fullest extent permitted by law
 that derivative actions brought in BRAC&rsquo;s name
 actions
against directors
 officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court
of Chancery in the State of Delaware and
 if brought outside of Delaware
 the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have
consented to service of process on such stockholder&rsquo;s counsel. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any
interest in shares of BRAC&rsquo;s capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in BRAC&rsquo;s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation.





    
    



provision may limit a stockholder&rsquo;s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with
us or any of BRAC&rsquo;s directors
 officers
 other employees or stockholders
 which may discourage lawsuits with respect to
such claims. Alternatively
 if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in BRAC&rsquo;s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action
 BRAC may incur additional costs associated with
resolving such action in other jurisdictions
 which could harm BRAC&rsquo;s business
 operating results and financial condition.

If
BRAC consummates a business combination with a target business in the energy industry
 BRAC would be subject to the risks attendant
to such industry.


business combination with a target business in the energy industry
 BRAC would be subject to all of the risks attendant to such
industry
 including
 among others:


fluctuations in energy prices causing a reduction in the demand or profitability of the products or services BRAC may ultimately
produce or offer;

fluctuations in energy prices causing a reduction in the demand or profitability of the products or services BRAC may ultimately
produce or offer;




failure to comply with governmental regulations
resulting in the imposition of penalties
 fines or restrictions on operations and remedial liabilities.













are located at 110 North Fifth Street
 Suite 410
 Minneapolis
 Minnesota 55403. Our office space consists of approximately 2
786
square feet leased pursuant to an annual lease agreement that commenced on July 1
 2016 and continued on a month-to-month basis
beginning July 1
 2017.




performing any significant product research and development under our plan of operation.




have any delivery commitments under our plan of operation.



From
time to time
 we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business.
However
 litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time
to time that may harm our business. We are not presently a party to any material litigation
 nor to the knowledge of management
is any litigation threatened against us
 which may materially affect us









    
    




ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S
COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
 AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES




currently quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;ANFC.&rdquo; The range of high and low bid information for each fiscal quarter
during&nbsp;2017 and&nbsp;2016 are set forth below:



    
    

    
    
    


 2017
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2016
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail markup
 mark-down
 or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.
The closing price of our common stock on the OTCQB on April  6
&nbsp;2018 was $0.0320 per share.


6
&nbsp;2018
 there were approximately 1
900 record holders of our common stock
 not including shares held in &ldquo;street
name&rdquo; in brokerage accounts which is unknown. As of April  6
&nbsp;2018
 there were 479
799
900 shares of common stock
outstanding on record.




any dividends on our common stock since our inception and do not anticipate paying dividends for the foreseeable future. The payment
of dividends is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will depend
 among other things
 upon our earnings
 our
capital requirements
 our financial condition
 and other relevant factors. We intend to reinvest any earnings in the development
and expansion of our business. Any cash dividends in the future to common shareholders will be payable when
 as and if declared
by our board of directors
 based upon the board&rsquo;s assessment of our financial condition and performance
 earnings
 need for
funds
 capital requirements
 prior claims of preferred stock to the extent issued and outstanding
 and other factors
 including
income tax consequences
 restrictions and applicable laws. There can be no assurance
 therefore
 that any dividends on our common
stock will ever be paid.

Equity Compensation Plan
Information


&nbsp;2012
the 2012&nbsp;Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (the 2012 Plan) was approved by our Board and the holders of a majority
of our outstanding shares
 replacing the Ante5
&nbsp;Inc. 2010&nbsp;Stock Incentive Plan. Amongst other things
 the 2012 Plan increased
the number of shares reserved under the Plan to a total of 7
500
000 shares of our common stock. The following table sets forth
certain information regarding the 2012 Plan as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017:



    
issued upon exercise of
 outstanding stock options
    
    
price of outstanding stock 
options
    
    
 available for future issuance 
under the 2012 Plan

7
093
800
    
    
    
346
200






    
    



ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 and&nbsp;2016
 we issued a total of -0- and 100
000 stock options
 respectively
 pursuant to
the 2012 Plan. There were 49
700 and 12
000 options cancelled during the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 and&nbsp;2016
respectively.


12
&nbsp;2016
 the 2016&nbsp;Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (&ldquo;the 2016 Plan&rdquo;) was approved by our Board. Amongst other
things
 the 2016 Plan authorized a total of 3
813
500 shares of our common stock. The following table sets forth certain information
regarding our 2016&nbsp;Plan as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017:



    
issued upon exercise of
 outstanding stock options
    
    
 price of outstanding stock
 options
    
    
 available for future issuance
 under the 2016 Plan

3
763
500
    
    
    
50
000



ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 and&nbsp;2016
 we issued a total of -0- and 3
813
500 stock options
 respectively
 pursuant to
our 2016 Plan. There were 50
000 and -0- options cancelled under the 2016 Plan during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
respectively.




to purchase 435
000 and -0- shares of registered or unregistered common stock for the fiscal years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017
and&nbsp;2016
 respectively. There were -0- and 8
548
375&nbsp;warrants forfeited or expired during the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017
and&nbsp;2016
 respectively. A total of 435
000 warrants are outstanding as of December 31
 2017.




the Company&rsquo;s registered distribution of subscription rights to shareholders for the purchase of shares of common stock (the
&ldquo;Rights Offering&rdquo;)
 the Company entered into a Standby Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Backstop Agreement&rdquo;) with
a consortium of investors
 including members of the Company&rsquo;s board of directors and our Chief Executive Officer (collectively
the &ldquo;Backstop Purchasers&rdquo;). On September 26
 2017
 the Company closed the backstop offering transaction pursuant to
which the Backstop Purchasers purchased 232
008
489 shares (the &ldquo;Backstop Shares&rdquo;) at a purchase price of $0.012 per
share for total proceeds of $2
784
102. In addition
 the Backstop Purchasers received 435
000 five-year warrants to purchase shares
of common stock at an exercise price of $0.01 per share (the &ldquo;Backstop Warrants&rdquo;) in exchange for their participation
in the Backstop Agreement. The Backstop Shares and Backstop Warrants were issued to the Backstop Purchasers by the Company in a
private placement transaction not involving any public offering in reliance on the exemption available under Section 4(a)(2) and
Rule 506 of Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;). The Company filed a registration
statement on Form S-1 with the SEC to register the resale of the Backstop Shares and the shares underlying the Backstop Warrants
(the &ldquo;Resale Registration Statement&rdquo;) which was declared effective by the SEC on February 9
 2018.

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL
DATA.



ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes to those statements. In addition to historical information
the following discussion and other parts of this annual report contain forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties.




2012
 we changed our name to Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. Our common stock is still quoted on the OTCQB under the trading symbol
&ldquo;ANFC.&rdquo;

The
Company is focused on acquiring
 investing in
 and managing the oil and gas assets for our partners. We continue to pursue asset
acquisitions in all major onshore unconventional shale formations that may be acquired with capital from our existing joint venture
partners or other capital providers. Additionally
 as the sponsor and manager of Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. (&ldquo;BRAC&rdquo;)
BRAC&rsquo;s efforts to identify a prospective target business in the energy
or energy-related industries with an emphasis on opportunities in the upstream oil and gas industry in North America.




Registration Statement on Form S-1 (the &ldquo;Registration Statement&rdquo;) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) to register the issuance of 431
819
910 shares of common stock in the Rights Offering that was declared effective
by the SEC on August 3
 2017. Pursuant to the Rights Offering
 the Company distributed
 on a pro rata basis
 one right for each
share of common stock owned by shareholders on August 2
 2017 (the &ldquo;Record Date&rdquo;). Each right permitted a shareholder
to purchase up to nine shares of common stock at a subscription price of $0.012 per share. The Rights Offering expired on September
8
 2017 (the &ldquo;Expiration Date&rdquo;).





    
    



Rights Offering the Company also entered into the Backstop Agreement with the Backstop Purchasers
 who agreed to purchase up to
$2.9 million of the unsubscribed shares following the completion of the rights offering.


 2017
the Company finalized the Rights Offering and Backstop Agreement
 and issued 431
819
910 shares raising gross proceeds of $5
181
839.
Under the Rights Offering the Company&rsquo;s current shareholders exercised rights to purchase 199
811
421 shares of stock for
a total of $2
397
737. Under the Backstop Agreement
 the Backstop Purchasers purchased 232
008
489 shares of stock for a total
of $2
784
102. Additionally as part of Backstop Agreement; the Company issued 435
000 warrants to purchase its common stock at
$0.01 for participants in the Backstop Agreement. We incurred $130
164 in costs associated with raising the capital in Rights Offering
and Backstop Agreement which were charged directly to stockholder&rsquo;s equity.


 2017
d $4
450

to fulfill its obligation as sponsor of a special purpose acquisition company

 as part of BRAC&rsquo;s initial public
offering (IPO). BRAC was formed on May 9
 2017 with the purpose of becoming the special acquisition company as a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company. After the IPO

be used for general corporate
purposes which may include other investments and acquisitions. 


that BRAC
 following its IPO
 is a variable interest entity (&ldquo;VIE&rdquo;) and that the Company is the primary beneficiary
of the VIE. The Company determined that
 due to the redemption feature associated with the IPO shares
 that the IPO shareholders
are indirectly protected from the operating expenses of BRAC and it has the power to direct the activities of BRAC through the
date at which BRAC affords the stockholders the opportunity to vote to approve a proposed business combination. Therefore
 the
financial statements contain the operations of the BRAC from its inception on May 9
 2017. BRAC&rsquo;s IPO shareholders are reflected
as a non-controlling interest. All significant inter-company transactions have been eliminated.




2017 our cash balance was $1
477
089. We will continue to have general and administrative expenses to remain a public company and
continue with our business plan. The cash on hand and BRAC management fee income would be insufficient to cover our current cash
needs over the next year.


sources of additional capital through various financing transactions or arrangements
 including joint venturing of projects
 equity
financing or other means. We may not be successful in identifying suitable funding transactions in a sufficient time period or
at all
 and we may not obtain the capital we require by other means. If we do not succeed in raising additional capital
 our resources
may not be sufficient to fund our business.


independent registered public accounting firm that accompanies its audited consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report
on Form&nbsp;10-K contains an explanatory paragraph regarding the substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue
as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
the going concern uncertainty.




 2016
the Company entered into an Asset Contribution Agreement with Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
(&ldquo;BRHC&rdquo;) which was formed by the Company to contribute and assign to BRHC
 all of the Company's (i) oil and gas assets
(including working capital and tangible and intangible assets) (the &ldquo;Assets&rdquo;)
 (ii) outstanding balances under the
credit agreement between the Company
 as borrower
 and Cadence Bank
 N.A. (&ldquo;Cadence&rdquo;)
 as lender (the &ldquo;Cadence
Credit Facility&rdquo;) and the outstanding balances under the credit agreement between the Company
 as borrower
 and affiliates
(specifically
 Chambers Energy Capital II
 LP and CEC II TE
 LLC (collectively
 the &ldquo;Chambers Affiliates&rdquo;)) of Chambers
Energy Management
 LP (&ldquo;Chambers&rdquo;)
 as administrative agent (the &ldquo;Chambers Credit Facility&rdquo;)
 and (iii)
all current liabilities related to the Assets
 in exchange for 5% of the issued and outstanding Class A Units (the &ldquo;Class
A Units&rdquo;) in BRHC (the &ldquo;Asset Contribution&rdquo;). On March 29
 2016
 the Chambers Affiliates entered into a Debt
Contribution Agreement between BRHC and the Chambers Affiliates
 pursuant to which BRHC issued a number of Class A Units representing
95% of the Class A Units of BRHC to the Chambers Affiliates in exchange for the release of BRHC's obligations under the Chambers
Credit Facility (the &ldquo;Satisfaction of Debt&rdquo; and
 together with the Asset Contribution
 the &ldquo;BRHC Transaction&rdquo;).
Concurrent with the Satisfaction of Debt
 each warrant originally issued with the Chambers Credit Facility was automatically retired
and cancelled. The closing of the BRHC Transaction was subject to the Company obtaining the approval of stockholders holding a
majority of its outstanding capital stock and to the Company having assigned the Cadence Credit Agreement to BRHC with Cadence&rsquo;s
consent
 and BRHC and Cadence entering into any applicable amendment agreements related to such assignment and waiver of financial
covenant ratio compliance for the quarter ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015 and quarter ending March 31

June 21
 2016
 the Company satisfied all of these conditions and
 for accounting purposes
 the BRHC Transaction was consummated.
The parties have agreed that the BRHC Transaction
 the Asset Contribution and the Satisfaction of Debt are effective
 for valuation
purposes
 as of April 1
 2016.



    
    


Cancellation of Management Services
Agreement and Sale of BRHC Assets


 2017
 we
were notified by BRHC of their termination of our Management Services Agreement and that they had finalized the sale of BRHC&rsquo;s
oil and gas assets to a third party. On April 3
 BRHC signed a Contribution Agreement that provides for the transfer of ownership
and title of all oil and gas assets held by BRHC in exchange for preferred membership interest in the acquiring LLC (the &ldquo;BRHC
Sale&rdquo;). Consistent with the terms of the Management Services Agreement
 we will be paid for our management services for the
three month period ended June 30
 2017.


 Chambers Energy Capital II
LP and CEC II TE
 LLC (together with Chambers Energy Capital II
 LP the &ldquo;Chambers Affiliates&rdquo;) as the members of Black
Ridge Holding Company
 LLC (&ldquo;BRHC&rdquo;) agreed to dissolve and wind up BRHC and filed a Certificate of Cancellation under
the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act as of October 3
 2017. On October 2
 2017
 the Company entered into an agreement with
the Chambers Affiliates whereby certain assets distributed to the Company upon the dissolution and winding up of BRHC effective
as of October 1
 2017
 were sold to the Assignees in exchange for cash consideration of $1
078
394. Additionally
 cash and receivables
totaling $4
645 in value were distributed directly to the Company from BRHC.




largely dominated by the transition from managing the BRHC assets to managing BRAC. We earned $1
000
000 in management fees through
June 30
 2017 from BRHC at which time our attention was refocused to readying BRAC for its IPO on October 10
 2017 and thereafter
managing BRAC and commencing our search for potential business combination candidates for BRAC.


expenses remained relatively consistent throughout 2017
 driven primarily by salaries and benefits amounting to $1
321
995
 with
a decrease toward the end of 2017 due to a decrease of one employee.


investment was major contributor to our 2017 results
 with a gain of $1
030
145 from the proceeds as discussed above.





analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements
 which have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate our estimates
 including those related
to impairment of property
 plant and equipment
 intangible assets
 deferred tax assets and fair value computation using the Black
Scholes option pricing model. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
 such as the trading
value of our common stock and estimated future undiscounted cash flows
 that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily
apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe
that our estimates
 including those for the above-described items
 are reasonable.




consistent application of accounting policies is a vital component of accurately and fairly presenting our financial statements
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP)
 as well as ensuring compliance with applicable
laws and regulations governing financial reporting. While there are rarely alternative methods or rules from which to select in
establishing accounting and financial reporting policies
 proper application often involves significant judgment regarding a given
set of facts and circumstances and a complex series of decisions.




are recognized for temporary differences in financial statement and tax basis amounts that will result in deductible amounts and
carry-forwards in future years. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for temporary differences that will result in taxable amounts
in future years. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax law and tax rate(s) for the year in which we
expect the temporary differences to be deducted or settled. The effect of a change in tax law or rates on the valuation of deferred
tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period of enactment. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance
when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized. Significant future taxable income would be required to realize this net tax asset.





    
    



of the valuation allowance is dependent on estimates of future taxable income
 alternative minimum tax income
 and changes in shareholder
ownership that would trigger limits on use of net operating losses under Internal Revenue Code Section 382.




investments
 accounts receivable and accounts payable are stated at cost which approximates fair value due to the short-term nature
of these instruments. In January&nbsp;2010
 the FASB issued an amendment to the accounting standards related to the disclosures
about an entity&rsquo;s use of fair value measurements. Among these amendments
 entities are required to provide enhanced disclosures
about transfers into and out of the Level&nbsp;1 (fair value determined based on quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets and liabilities) and Level&nbsp;2 (fair value determined based on significant other observable inputs) classifications
provide separate disclosures about purchases
 sales
 issuances and settlements relating to the tabular reconciliation of beginning
and ending balances of the Level&nbsp;3 (fair value determined based on significant unobservable inputs) classification and provide
greater disaggregation for each class of assets and liabilities that use fair value measurements.




accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 management utilizes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Results of Operations for the Years
Ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.


summarizes selected items from the statement of operations for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 and&nbsp;2016.



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
000
000
1
049
451

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
321
995
1
324
569

    
574
851
626
602

    
176
155
152
413

    
368
647
409
568

    
2
441
648
2
513
152

    
10
848
14
271

    
2
452
496
2
527
423

    
    
    

    
(1
452
496
(1
477
972

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
41
621
150

    
(4
714
    

    
(8
713
    

    
355
338
    

    
(64
985
    

    
1
030
145
    

    
1
307
071
41
621
150

    
    
    

    
(145
425
40
143
178

    
    
    

    
(67
044
    

    
    
    


 net of income taxes
(212
469
40
143
178

    
    
    


 net of income taxes
    
(10
197
374

    
    
    

    
(212
469
29
945
804

    
(180
060
    

    
    
    


 Inc.
(392
529
29
945
804






    
    





fees of $1
000
000 that were from BRHC prior to the cancellation of the BRHC Management Services Agreement effective June 30
 2017.
Management fees in 2016 represent fees of $1
049
451 earned for the period from the completion of the BRHC transaction on June
21
 2016 through December 31
 2016.






for the year ended December 31
 2017 were $1
321
995 compared to $1
324
569 for the year ended December 31
 2016
 a decrease of
$2
574. The decrease in salaries and benefits was primarily due to a headcount decrease towards the latter part of 2017 offset
by increased health benefit costs. There were no base salary increases in 2017 or 2016.




expense for the year ended December 31
 2017 was $574
851 compared to $626
602 for year ended December
 2016
 a decrease of $51
751
or 8%. The decrease was attributed to options issued in previous years reaching the end of their amortization period
 partially
offset by a full year of amortization in 2017 for options issued towards the end of 2016.




expenses related to professional services from continuing operations were $176
155 for 2017 compared $152
413 for 2016
 an increase
of $23
742. The increase primarily relates to increased accounting and legal services in 2017 due to maintaining two public companies
in the last three months of 2017.




expenses for the year ended December 31
 2017 were $368
647 compared to $409
568 for year ended December 31
 2016
 a decrease of
$40
921
 or 10%. The decrease is attributable to decreased insurance
 software fees and maintenance costs
 travel
 public relations
and office costs under the more simplified structure subsequent to the debt restructuring.




for the year ended December 31
 2017 was $10
848
 compared to $14
271 for year ended December 31
 2016
 the decrease attributable
to certain equipment becoming fully amortized.






of $41
621
150 in 2016 represents the difference between the net book value of the assets and liabilities transferred to BRHC
less our equity interest in BRHC following the debt restructuring.




property and equipment in 2017 relates to the sale of equipment used for trade shows with a basis of $6
874 for net proceeds of
$2
160
 resulting in a loss of $4
714.





    
    





2017 was $8
713 related to $500
000 promissory note to our lender for the period from July 7 to September 14
 including loan origination
fees and related costs charged directly to interest expense.




2017 was $355
388 representing interest income on the restricted cash and marketable securities in the trust fund of BRAC. We had
no interest income in 2016.




on marketable securities in 2017 was $64
985 representing fluctuations on the mark-to-market value of the marketable securities
held in the trust fund of BRAC. We had no unrealized gain or loss in 2016




044 of tax
expense for the year ended December 31
 2017 representing the tax expense associated with BRAC
 which is a stand-alone entity for
tax purposes. The Company had no income tax expense in 2016 as the Company continues to reserve against any deferred tax assets
of BROG due to the uncertainty of realization of any benefit.




Transaction on June 21
 2016
 the oil and gas operations and related debt were contributed to BRHC as part of a debt restructuring.


of $10
197
374 during the period from January 1
 2016 through June 21
 2016 related to the assets and liabilities contributed to
BRHC. The loss from discontinued operations of $10
197
374 in 2016 consisted of revenues of $2
293
903
 including $5
539
613 of
oil and gas sales
 reduced by net losses of $3
245
710 related to derivatives. Expenses from discontinued operations in 2016 included
a $5
219
000 impairment write-down on the Company&rsquo;s oil and gas assets
 $1
400
639 of production expenses
 $568
028 of production
taxes
 $476
461 of general and administrative expenses directly related to the oil and gas assets and debt contributed to BRHC
$3
114
347 of depletion
 $16
258 of accretion of the discount on asset retirement obligations and $1
696
544 of interest expense.




summarizes our total current assets
 liabilities and working capital at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 and&nbsp;2016.



    



    
    
    

    
1
566
195
153
926

    
    
    

    
186
677
36
561

    
    
    

    
1
379
518
117
365



&nbsp;2017 we had
positive working capital of $1
379
518.


summarizes our cash flows during the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2017 and&nbsp;2016
 respectively.



    



    
    
    

    
(792
276
2
953
124

    
(137
606
453
(4
765
049

    
139
809
549
1
650
000

    
    
    

    
1
410
820
(161
925






    
    



operating activities was $792
276 and net cash provided by operating activities was $2
953
124 for the years ended
December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 and 2016
 respectively
 a year over year decrease of $3
745
400. The decrease was primarily due
to cash provided from operating activities of discontinued operations in 2016. Cash provided from operating activities of
discontinued operations was $-0- and $3
827
209
 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. Changes in
operating activities of continuing operation resulted in decreases in cash of $792
276 and $874
085 in 2017 and 2016
respectively
 the difference of $81
809 driven by decreased cash related general and administrative expenses under the more
simplified structure of the Company following the debt restructuring. Cash generated from management fee income was
relatively similar between the years
 decreasing $49
451 from $1
049
451 in 2016 to $1
000
000 in 2017.


activities was $137
606
453 and $4
765
049 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 and 2016
 respectively
 an increase
of $132
841
404. In 2017
 we deposited $138
690
000 in a restricted trust account to be held for potential redeeming IPO shareholders
in BRAC&rsquo;s IPO offset by the receipt of cash proceeds of $1
081
387 from the sale of our interest in Black Ridge Holding Company
LLC. Nearly all of our investing activity in 2016 was derived from discontinued operations. We paid $4
858
134 for well development
and sold 14 net leasehold acres for proceeds of $94
628 during the 2016. In the year ended December 31
 2016 we purchased equipment
for $1
543.


from financing activities was $139
809
549 and $1
650
000 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 and&nbsp;2016
respectively. In 2017
 we received $134
757
874
 net of offering costs
 from BRAC&rsquo;s IPO and we received $5
051
675
 net
of $130
164 of offering costs
 from the sale of stock in the Rights Offering and related Backstop Agreement. In 2017
 the
Company borrowed
 and subsequently repaid
 $500
000 under a promissory note. All of the cash provided from
financing activities in the 2016 period was related to discontinued operations as we drew $1.65 million
 net of repayments
on our credit facilities.




on March 29
 2016 the Company entered into an Asset Contribution Agreement with Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC
 a Delaware limited
liability company (&ldquo;BRHC&rdquo;) which was formed by the Company to contribute and assign to BRHC all of the Company's (i)
oil and gas assets (including working capital and tangible and intangible assets) (the &ldquo;Assets&rdquo;)
 (ii) outstanding
balances under that certain Credit Agreement between the Company
 as borrower
 and Cadence Bank
 N.A. (&ldquo;Cadence&rdquo;)
as lender (the &ldquo;Cadence Credit Facility&rdquo;) and the outstanding balances under the credit agreement between the Company
as borrower
 and affiliates (specifically
 Chambers Energy Capital II
 LP and CEC II TE
 LLC (collectively
 the &ldquo;Chambers
Affiliates&rdquo;)) of Chambers Energy Management
 LP (&ldquo;Chambers&rdquo;)
 as administrative agent (the &ldquo;Chambers Credit
Facility&rdquo;)
 and (iii) all current liabilities related to the Assets
 in exchange for 5% of the issued and outstanding Class
A Units (the &ldquo;Class A Units&rdquo;) in BRHC (the &ldquo;Asset Contribution&rdquo;). On March 29
 2016
 the Chambers Affiliates
entered into a Debt Contribution Agreement between BRHC and the Chambers Affiliates
 pursuant to which BRHC issued a number of
Class A Units representing 95% of the Class A Units of BRHC to the Chambers Affiliates in exchange for the release of BRHC's obligations
under the Chambers Credit Facility (the &ldquo;Satisfaction of Debt&rdquo; and
 together with the Asset Contribution
 the &ldquo;BRHC
Transaction&rdquo;). Concurrent with the Satisfaction of Debt
 each warrant originally issued with the Chambers Credit Facility
was automatically retired and cancelled. The closing of the BRHC Transaction was subject to the Company obtaining the approval
of stockholders holding a majority of its outstanding capital stock and to the Company having assigned the Cadence Credit Agreement
to BRHC with Cadence&rsquo;s consent
 and BRHC and Cadence entering into any applicable amendment agreements related to such assignment
and waiver of financial covenant ratio compliance for the quarter ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015 and quarter ending September
30

 2016
 the Company satisfied all of these conditions and
 for accounting purposes
the BRHC Transaction was consummated. The parties have agreed that the BRHC Transaction
 the Asset Contribution and the Satisfaction
of Debt are effective
 for valuation purposes
 as of April 1
 2016.

Cancellation of Management Services
Agreement and Sale of BRHC Assets


 2017
 BRAC
were notified by BRHC of their termination of our Management Services Agreement and that they had finalized the sale of BRHC&rsquo;s
oil and gas assets to a third party. On April 3
 BRHC signed a Contribution Agreement that provides for the transfer of ownership
and title of all oil and gas assets held by BRHC in exchange for preferred membership interest in the acquiring LLC (the &ldquo;BRHC
Sale&rdquo;). Consistent with the terms of the Management Services Agreement
 BRAC were paid for our management services through
June 30
 2017.


 Chambers
Energy Capital II
 LP and CEC II TE
 LLC (together with Chambers Energy Capital II
 LP the &ldquo;Chambers Affiliates&rdquo;) as
the members of Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC (&ldquo;BRHC&rdquo;) agreed to dissolve and wind up BRHC and filed a Certificate
of Cancellation under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act as of October 3
 2017. On October 2
 2017
 the Company entered
into an agreement with the Chambers Affiliates whereby certain assets distributed to the Company upon the dissolution and winding
up of BRHC effective as of October 1
 2017 were sold to the Assignees in exchange for cash consideration of $1
078
394. Additionally
cash and receivables totaling $4
645 in value were distributed directly to the Company from BRHC.





    
    





 as
borrower
 entered into a Credit Agreement dated August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013 and amendments thereto dated December&nbsp;13
 2013
March&nbsp;24
 2014
 April&nbsp;21
 2014
 September&nbsp;11
 2014
 March&nbsp;30
 2015 and August 10
2015 (as amended
) with Cadence Bank
 N.A. (&ldquo;Cadence&rdquo;)
 as
lender (the &ldquo;Senior Credit Facility&rdquo;). Under the terms of the Senior Credit Agreement
 a senior secured revolving
line of credit in the maximum aggregate principal amount of $50&nbsp;million is available from time to time (i) for direct
investment in oil and gas properties
 (ii) for general working capital purposes
 including the issuance of letters of credit
and (iii) to refinance the then existing debt under the Company&rsquo;s former credit facility.


maturity date of August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2016
 was subsequently amended to January&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2017 pursuant to the amendment on
March&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015. The Senior Credit Facility was secured by first priority interests in mortgages on substantially all
of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 including but not limited to the Company&rsquo;s mineral interests in North Dakota and Montana.


restructuring outlined in Note 4 &ndash; Debt Restructuring
 the Company transferred the obligation with a balance outstanding
of $29
400
000 under the Senior Credit Facility to BRHC.




 as
borrower
 entered into a Second Lien Credit Agreement dated August&nbsp;8
 2013 and amendments thereto dated
December&nbsp;13
 2013
 March&nbsp;24
 2014
 April&nbsp;21
 2014
 September&nbsp;11
 2014
March&nbsp;30
&nbsp; 015
 and August 10
 2015 (as amended
 the &ldquo;Subordinated Credit Agreement&rdquo;) by and among the
Company
 as borrower
 Chambers Energy Management
 LP
 as administrative agent (&ldquo;Chambers&rdquo;)
 and the several other
lenders named therein (the &ldquo;Subordinated Credit Facility&rdquo;). Under the Subordinated Credit Facility
 term loans in
the aggregate principal amount of up to $75&nbsp;million were available from time to time (i) to repay the Previous Credit
Facility
 (ii) for fees and closing costs in connection with both the Senior Credit Facility and the Subordinated Credit
Facility (together
 the &ldquo;Credit Facilities&rdquo;)
 and (iii) general corporate purposes.


Agreement provided initial commitment availability of $25&nbsp;million
 which was subsequently amended to $30&nbsp;million
 with
the remaining commitments subject to the approval of Chambers and other customary conditions.


Facility was to mature on June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2017. The Subordinated Credit Facility was secured by second priority interests on
substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 including but not limited to second priority mortgages on the Company&rsquo;s
mineral interests in North Dakota and Montana.


the Subordinated Credit Facility occurred on September&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2013 at which time we drew $14
700
000
 net of a $300
000 original
issue discount
 from the Subordinated Credit Agreement and used $10
226
057 of those proceeds to repay and terminate a previously
outstanding revolving credit facility. We had drawn an additional $14
700
000
 net of $300
000 original issue discounts
 through
June 21
 2016. The Company had borrowings of $30.0&nbsp;million outstanding under the Subordinated Credit Facility as of June 21
2016. The obligations under the Subordinated Credit Facility
 $30.0 million of principal and $2
931
369 of PIK interest payable
were transferred to BRHC and converted to equity in BRHC as part of the debt restructuring outlined in Note 4- Debt Restructuring
on June 21
 2016.




of compliance with the collateral coverage ratio covenant as of March 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015 and the current ratio covenant
as defined by the Subordinated Credit Facility as of March 31
 2016. Additionally
 the audit report the Company received with respect
to its financial statements as of December 31
 2015 contains an explanatory paragraph expressing uncertainty as to the Company&rsquo;s
ability to continue as a going concern
 the delivery of which constitutes a default under both its Senior Credit Facility and Subordinated
Credit Facility. The Company received a waiver for all debt covenants as of December 31
 2015 and March 31
 2016 as part of the
debt restructuring outlined in Note 4 &ndash; Debt Restructuring.

Debt Discount
 Detachable Warrants


the Subordinated Credit Facility
 the Company issued to the lenders detachable warrants to purchase up to 5
000
000 shares of the
Company&rsquo;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.65 per share. The warrants were cancelled as a part of the BRHC transaction.





    
    


Satisfaction of our cash obligations
for the next 12 months


&nbsp;2017
our balance of cash and cash equivalents was $1
477
089. Our plan for satisfying our cash requirements for the next twelve months
is through the fees earned through our management agreement with BRAC
 additional management service fees generated from new partners
and additional financing in the form of equity or debt as needed.




significant effects from inflation and pricing.




obligations and commitments as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 to make future payments under contracts.

Summary of product and research and development that we
will perform for the term of our plan


significant research and development expenditures in the future.




the purchase or sale of any plant or significant equipment as such items are not required by us at this time.




&nbsp;2017
we had seven employees
 our chief executive officer
 Kenneth DeCubellis
 our chief financial officer
 James Moe
 our chief operating
officer
 Michael Eisele and four other employees. Currently
 there are no organized labor agreements or union agreements and we
do not anticipate any in the future.


to replace and expand the assets we have under management
 we may need to hire additional employees. In the interim
 we intend
to use the services of independent consultants and contractors to perform various professional services when appropriate. We believe
the use of third-party service providers may enhance our ability to control general and administrative expenses and operate efficiently.




off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
revenues
 expenses
 results of operations liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK




 the markets
for oil and natural gas have been volatile
 and our management believes these markets will likely continue to be volatile in the
future. The prices for oil and gas products depend on numerous factors beyond our control.


for oil and natural gas production heavily influences the economics of investment opportunities and hence our access to capital
and the profitability of any joint ventures in which we participate.




entering into any transactions that would expose us to any direct interest rate risk.





    
    


ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA OF BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2017
AND 2016







    
    

    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
    2017 and 2016
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Statement of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
    

    
    

Notes to Consolidated Financial
    Statements
    














    
    






REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM



Stockholders of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.




of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (the Company) as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 and the related statements of income
 comprehensive
income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2017
 and the
related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion
 the financial statements present
fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2017
 in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.




of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.


assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.


have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial
statements
 the Company suffered a net loss from operations and negative cash flows from operations
 which raises
substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans regarding those matters are also
described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty.




 PLLC

    
    

    

    
    


 TX

    
    

    

    







    
    



BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.






    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
477
089
66
269

    
1
611
    

    
68
817
86
892

    
18
678
    


 LLC
    
    

    
1
566
195
153
926

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
128
156
140
547

    
(117
459
(112
128


 net
10
697
28
419

    
    
    


 LLC
    
52
853

    
138
980
353
    

    
140
557
245
235
198

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
91
186
21
563

    
9
769
14
998

    
85
722
    

    
186
677
36
561

    
    
    

    
186
677
36
561

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
138
870
060
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value
 20
000
000 shares authorized
 no shares issued and

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 $0.001 par value
 500
000
000 shares authorized
 479
799
900 and 47
979
990
    shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2017 and 2016

    
    


    
    
    


    


    
36
164
596
34
902
016

    
(35
143
888
(34
751
359

    
1
500
508
198
637

    
    
    


 redeemable non-controlling interest and stockholders' equity
140
557
245
235
198








    
    




 INC.






    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
000
000
1
049
451

    
1
000
000
1
049
451

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
321
995
1
324
569

    
574
851
626
602

    
176
155
152
413

    
368
647
409
568

    
2
441
648
2
513
152

    
10
848
14
271

    
2
452
496
2
527
423

    
    
    

    
(1
452
496
(1
477
972

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
41
621
150

    
(4
714
    

    
(8
713
    

    
355
338
    

    
(64
985
    

    
1
030
145
    

    
1
307
071
41
621
150

    
    
    

    
(145
425
40
143
178

    
    
    

    
(67
044
    

    
    
    


 net of income taxes
(212
469
40
143
178

    
    
    


 net of income taxes
    
(10
197
374

    
    
    

    
(212
469
29
945
804

    
(180
060
    

    
    
    


 Inc.
(392
529
29
945
804

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
160
970
732
47
979
990

    
    
    

    
    
    








    
    




 INC.





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2015
    
    
47
979
990
47
980
34
275
414
(64
697
163
(30
373
769
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
626
602
    
626
602
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2016
    
    
    
    
    
29
945
804
29
945
804
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2016
    
    
47
979
990
47
980
34
902
016
(34
751
359
198
637
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
574
851
    
574
851
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 net of offering costs
    
    
199
811
421
199
811
2
067
762
    
2
267
573
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
232
008
489
232
009
2
552
093
    
2
784
102
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
(3
932
126
    
(3
932
126
138
690
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2017
    
    
    
    
    
(392
529
(392
529
180
060

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2017
    
    
479
799
900
479
800
36
164
596
(35
143
888
1
500
508
138
870
060



notes are an integral part of these financial statements. &nbsp;





    
    




 INC.






    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    


    Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
(392
529
29
945
804


 net of income taxes
    
(10
197
374


 net of income taxes
(392
529
40
143
178



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
10
848
14
271

    
    
(41
621
150


 LLC
(1
030
145
    

    
4
714
    

    
574
851
626
602

    
(355
338
    

    
64
985
    

    
180
060
    

    
    
    

    
18
075
(49
792

    
    
    

    
(18
678
    

    
    
    

    
69
623
(1
427

    
(5
229
14
998

    
85
722
    

    
(792
276
(874
085

    
    
3
827
209

    
(792
276
2
953
124

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(138
690
000
    


 LLC
1
081
387
    

    
2
160
    

    
    
(1
543

    
(137
606
453
(1
543

    
    
(4
763
506

    
(137
606
453
(4
765
049

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of offering costs
2
965
555
    


 net of offering costs
2
086
120
    


 net of offering costs
134
757
874
    

    
500
000
    

    
(500
000
    


    continuing operations
139
809
549
    

    
    
1
650
000

    
139
809
549
1
650
000

    
    
    

    
1
410
820
(161
925

    
66
269
228
194

    
1
477
089
66
269

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
8
713
1
429
564

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
932
126
    


 LLC
1
611
    


 LLC in restructuring
    
(41
568
297

    
    
(3
744
487

    
    
4
737







    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


of Business


 2012
 Ante5
 Inc. changed
its corporate name to Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 and continues to be quoted on the OTCQB under the trading symbol &ldquo;ANFC&rdquo;.
Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (formerly Ante5
 Inc.) (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) became an independent company in April 2010.
We became a publicly traded company when our shares began trading on July 1
 2010. Since October&nbsp;2010
 we had been engaged
in the business of acquiring oil and gas leases and participating in the drilling of wells in the Bakken and Three Forks trends
in North Dakota and Montana.


 2016 we closed on a debt restructuring
transaction with our secured lenders as described in Note 4 &ndash; Debt Restructuring. Through June 30
 2017 we had also been
managing the oil and gas assets relinquished during the debt restructuring in which we continued to have an indirect minority interest.
Our management services agreement related to those same oil and gas assets was terminated on April 3
 2017
 effective June 30
2017.

The
Company is focused on acquiring
 investing in
 and managing the oil and gas assets for our partners. We continue to pursue asset
acquisitions in all major onshore unconventional shale formations that may be acquired with capital from our existing joint venture
partners or other capital providers. 


 2017
 the Company finalized
an equity raise utilizing a rights offering and backstop agreement
 raising net proceeds of $5
051
675 and issuing 431
819
910
shares. The proceeds were used to sponsor the Company&rsquo;s obligations in sponsoring a special purpose acquisition company
discussed below
 with the remainder for general corporate purposes.

On
October 10
 2017
 the Company&rsquo;s sponsored special purpose acquisition company
 Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. (&ldquo;BRAC&rdquo;)
completed an initial public offering (&ldquo;IPO&rdquo;) raising $138
000
000 of gross proceeds (including proceeds from the exercise
of an over-allotment option by the underwriters on October 18
 2017). In addition
 the Company purchased 445
000 BRAC units at
$10.00 per unit in a private placement transaction for a total contribution of $4
450
000 in order to fulfill its obligations in

 share exchange
 asset acquisition
stock purchase
 recapitalization
 reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities.
BRAC&rsquo;s efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region
although it intends to focus its search for target businesses in the energy or energy-related industries with an emphasis on opportunities
in the upstream oil and gas industry in North America. Following the initial public offering and over-allotment
 the Company owns
22% of the outstanding common stock of BRAC and manages BRAC&rsquo;s operations via a management services agreement.

Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis
of Accounting

the accrual method of accounting as generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) and the rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC).




statements include the accounts of the following entities:



    
    
    
    
    

Black Ridge Oil and Gas
 Inc.
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


Wholly-owned subsidiary through
October 10
 2017
 the date of BRAC&rsquo;s IPO
 following which it is consolidated as a variable interest entity.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS


 following
its IPO
 is a variable interest entity (&ldquo;VIE&rdquo;) and that the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The Company
determined that
 due to the redemption feature associated with the IPO shares
 that the IPO shareholders are indirectly protected
from the operating expenses of BRAC and it has the power to direct the activities of BRAC through the date at which BRAC affords
the stockholders the opportunity to vote to approve a proposed business combination. Therefore
 these consolidated financial statements
herein contain the operations of the BRAC from its inception on May 9
 2017. BRAC&rsquo;s IPO shareholders are reflected in our
Consolidated Financial Statements as a non-controlling interest. The non-controlling interest was recorded at fair value on October
10
 2017
 with an addition on October 18
 2017 as a result of the underwriters&rsquo; exercise of their over-allotment option.
All significant inter-company transactions have been eliminated in the preparation of theses financial statements.


 Black Ridge Oil &amp;
Gas
 Inc. and Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. will be collectively referred to herein as the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; or &ldquo;Black
Ridge&rdquo;. The Company&rsquo;s headquarters is in Minneapolis
 Minnesota and substantially all of its operations are in the
United States.



income
 expense and cash flows from the restructured operations for the year ended December 31
 2016 have been reclassified as
net loss and cash flows from discontinued operations.



interim reporting for an enterprise&rsquo;s operating segments and related disclosures about its products
 services
 geographic
areas and major customers. An operating segment is defined as a component of an enterprise that engages in business activities
from which it may earn revenues and expenses
 and about which separate financial information is regularly evaluated by the chief
operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources. The Company operates as a single segment and will evaluate additional
segment disclosure requirements as it expands its operations.

Use
of Estimates

in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.



 by
its nature
 to environmental hazards and clean-up costs. At this time
 management knows of no substantial losses from environmental
accidents or events which would have a material effect on the Company.



which have maturities of three months or less. For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 all highly liquid investments with
an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are stated at cost plus accrued
interest
 which approximates market value. The Company had no cash equivalents on hand as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 and December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016.

Restricted cash and securities held
in Trust Account
As of December
31
 2017


940
611 of marketable securities were held in the Trust Account
which is restricted for the benefit of the BRAC&rsquo;s IPO shareholders to be available for those shareholders in the event they
elect to redeem their shares following an approved business combination or the upon dissolution of BRAC.



deposit accounts which
 at times
 may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (FDIC) up to $250
000 under current regulations. The Company had approximately $977
089 and $-0- in excess of FDIC
insured limits at December 31
 2017 and 2016

 2017
 the Company had
not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Debt
Issuance Costs

are capitalized and amortized over the term of the related debt using the straight-line method
 which approximates the effective
interest method. The Company paid $4
400 and $-0- of debt issuance costs during the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 and&nbsp;2016
respectively
 of which the unamortized balance of debt issuance costs at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 and&nbsp;2016 was $-0- and
$-0-
 respectively. Amortization of debt issuance costs charged to interest expense was $4
400 and $-0- for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017
and&nbsp;2016
 respectively.



costs in accordance with ASC 350-50
 &ldquo;Accounting for Website Development Costs&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC 350-50&rdquo;)
 wherein
website development costs are segregated into three activities:


Initial stage (planning)
 whereby the related costs are expensed.


Development (web application
 infrastructure
 graphics)
 whereby the related costs are capitalized
and amortized once the website is ready for use. Costs for development content of the website may be expensed or capitalized depending
on the circumstances of the expenditures.


Post-implementation (after site is up and running: security
 training
 admin)
 whereby the related
costs are expensed as incurred. Upgrades are usually expensed
 unless they add additional functionality.


660
of website development costs from inception through December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016. We have recognized depreciation expense on these
website costs of $-0- and $-0- for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 and&nbsp;2016
 respectively. As of December 31
2017
 all website development costs have been fully depreciated.



and liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted
tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be recovered. The Company provides a
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to be more likely than not.


 2017 the U.S. Tax Cuts
and Jobs Act of 2017 (&ldquo;Tax Reform&rdquo;) was signed into law. As a result of Tax Reform
 the U.S. statutory rate was lowered
from 35% to 21% effective January 1
 2018
 among other changes. ASC Topic 740 requires companies to recognize the effect of tax
law changes in the period of enactment; therefore
 the Company was required to value its deferred tax assets and liabilities at
December 31
 2017 at the new rate. The SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (&ldquo;SAB 108&rdquo;) to address the application
of GAAP in situations when a registrant does not have the necessary information available
 prepared or analyzed (including computations)
in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain effects of Tax Reform. The ultimate impact may differ from the provisional
amount
 possibly materially
 as a result of additional analysis
 changes in interpretations and assumptions the Company has made
additional regulatory guidance that may be issued and actions the Company may take as a result of Tax Reform.



 the Financial
Accounting Standards Board establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles and expands
disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement reaffirms that fair value is the relevant measurement attribute. The
adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements as reflected herein. The carrying
amounts of cash
 accounts payable and accrued expenses reported on the balance sheets are estimated by management to approximate

required fair value measurement on a recurring basis.



cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of three to seven years. Expenditures for
replacements
 renewals
 and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Long-lived
assets are evaluated for impairment to determine if current circumstances and market conditions indicate the carrying amount may
not be recoverable. The Company has not recognized any impairment losses on long-lived assets related to continuing operations.
Depreciation expense was $10
848 and $14
271 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 and&nbsp;2016
 respectively.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS



from continuing operations comes from management fees earned through its management services agreement with Black Ridge Holding
Company
 LLC (&ldquo;BRHC&rdquo;). Revenues from continuing operations were earned prior to June 30
 2017 from its management services
agreement with BRHC
 which was cancelled by BRHC effective June 30
 2017.



as services are provided.


from its former interests in producing wells when production was delivered to
 and title was transferred to
 the purchaser and
to the extent the selling price is reasonably determinable. Oil and gas revenues are reflected as a component of discontinued operations
on the statements of operations.



liability for an asset retirement obligation in the period in which the well is spud or the asset is acquired and a corresponding
increase in the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. The liability is accreted to its present value each period
 and
the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled for an amount other
than the recorded amount
 a gain or loss is recognized. The expense related to accretion of the discount on the asset retirement
liability is reflected as component of discontinued operations on the statement of operations.



of accounting for oil and gas operations in 2016 whereby all costs related to the exploration and development of oil and gas properties
were initially capitalized into a single cost center (&quot;full cost pool&quot;). The Company had no oil and gas operations in
2017 as they were disposed as part of the debt restructuring transaction on June 21
 2016 described in Note 4 &ndash; Debt Restructuring.
Capitalized costs included land acquisition costs
 geological and geophysical expenses
 carrying charges on non-producing properties
costs of drilling directly related to acquisition
 and exploration activities. Internal costs that were capitalized were directly
attributable to acquisition
 exploration and development activities and did not include costs related to general corporate overhead
or similar activities. Costs associated with general corporate activities were expensed in the period incurred. Capitalized costs
for year ended December
 2016 are summarized as follows:



    
    

    

 2016

    
    

    
7
219

    
7
219



were credited to the full cost pool
 with no gain or loss recognized
 unless such a sale would significantly alter the relationship
between capitalized costs and the proved reserves attributable to these costs. A significant alteration would typically involve
a sale of 20% or more of the proved reserves related to a single full cost pool. The Company assessed all items classified as unevaluated
property on a quarterly basis for possible impairment or reduction in value. The assessment included consideration of the following
factors
 among others: intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological and geophysical evaluations; drilling results and activity;
the assignment of proved reserves; and the economic viability of development if proved reserves are assigned. During any period
in which these factors indicate an impairment
 the cumulative drilling costs incurred to date for such property and all or a portion
of the associated leasehold costs were transferred to the full cost pool and were then subject to amortization.


properties and properties having proved reserves
 estimated future development costs
 and asset retirement costs under FASB ASC
410-20-25 were depleted and amortized on the unit-of-production method based on the estimated gross proved reserves as determined
by independent petroleum engineers. The costs of unproved properties were withheld from the depletion base until such time as they
are either developed or abandoned.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS


(net of related deferred income taxes) could not exceed an amount equal to the present value
 discounted at 10% per annum
 of the
estimated future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves plus the cost of unproved properties (adjusted for related income
tax effects). When capitalized costs exceeded this ceiling
 impairment was recognized. The present value of estimated future net
cash flows was computed by applying the arithmetic average first day price of oil and natural gas for the preceding twelve months
to estimated future production of proved oil and gas reserves as of the end of the period
 less estimated future expenditures to
be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves and assuming continuation of existing economic conditions. Such present
value of proved reserves' future net cash flows excludes future cash outflows associated with settling asset retirement obligations.
When this comparison indicated an excess carrying value
 the excess was charged to earnings as an impairment expense. The Company
recognized an impairment loss of $5
219
000 during the year ended December 31
 2016. The impairment loss is reflected as a component
of discontinued operations on the statement of operations for the period.

Basic and Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per
Share

are computed by dividing net income (the numerator) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period
(the denominator). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares and potential
common shares outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. Potential common shares include stock options
 warrants and restricted
stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options
 warrants and restricted stock is computed using
the treasury stock method.


used to calculate basic EPS and diluted EPS for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 and 2016 are as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
160
970
732
47
979
990

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
160
970
732
49
979
990



 potential dilutive securities
had an anti-dilutive effect and were not included in the calculation of diluted net loss per common share. Stock options and warrants
excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS because their effect was anti-dilutive were 11
292
300 and 10
957
000 of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017
and 2016
 respectively.

Stock-Based
Compensation

 all share-based
payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 are to be recognized in the income statement based on their
fair values. Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative. Amortization of the fair values of stock options issued for services
and compensation totaled $574
851 and $626
602 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 and&nbsp;2016
 respectively. The
fair values of stock options were determined using the Black-Scholes options pricing model and an effective term of 6 to 6.5 years
based on the weighted average of the vesting periods and the stated term of the option grants and the discount rate on 5 to 7 year
U.S. Treasury securities at the grant date and are being amortized over the related implied service term
 or vesting period.



 &ldquo;Income
Taxes&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC 740&rdquo;)
 the Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more
likely than not that the tax position will be capable of withstanding examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical
merits of the position. These standards prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement
recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. These standards also provide guidance
on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure
 and transition.


audit the Company&rsquo;s income tax returns. These audits include questions regarding the Company&rsquo;s tax filing positions
including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions. In evaluating the exposures
connected with these various tax filing positions
 including state and local taxes
 the Company records allowances for probable
exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter
 for which an allowance has been established
 is audited and
fully resolved. The Company has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS


position relies on the judgment of management to estimate the exposures associated with the Company&rsquo;s various filing positions.



new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&quot;FASB&quot;) that are adopted by the
Company as of the specified effective date. If not discussed
 management believes that the impact of recently issued standards
which are not yet effective
 will not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements upon adoption.


 the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-20

 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
narrow aspects of the guidance issued in Update 2014-09. This amendment is effective for periods after December 15
 2017
 with
early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this standard on January 1
 2018 and anticipates it will not have a material impact
on its financial statements and related disclosures.


 2016
 the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-15

This guidance provides guidance of eight specific
cash flow issues. This amendment is effective for periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 with early adoption permitted. The
Company adopted this standard on January 1
 2018 and anticipates it will not have a material impact on its financial statements
and related disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU No.
2017-01
 (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business
 which clarifies the definition of a
business to provide guidance in evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets
or businesses. ASU 2017-01 provides a screen to determine when a set of assets is not a business
 requiring that when substantially
all fair value of gross assets acquired (or disposed of) is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable
assets
 the set of assets is not a business. A framework is provided to assist in evaluating whether both an input and a substantive
process are present for the set to be a business. ASU 2017-01 is effective for periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 including
interim periods within those annual periods. No disclosures are required at transition and early adoption is permitted. The Company
adopted this standard on January 1
 2018 and will apply this guidance to future business combinations.




statements
 as of December 31
 2017 the Company had a cash balance of $1
477
089 and total working capital of $1
379
518. The Company
has no revenue source presently. Based on projections of cash expenditures in the Company&rsquo;s current business plan
 the cash
on hand would be insufficient to fund the Company&rsquo;s general and administrative expenses over the next year.


of additional capital through various management fee agreements and financing transactions or arrangements
 including joint venturing
of projects
 equity financing or other means. Additionally
 as online gambling becomes legal in certain states
 we may be due additional
proceeds from our settlement agreement with Peerless/Electra Works and their successors if they choose to operate in those states.
We may not be successful in identifying suitable funding transactions in a sufficient time period or at all
 and we may not obtain
the capital we require by other means. If we do not succeed in raising additional capital
 our resources may not be sufficient
to fund our business.


any adjustments that might result from the outcome of any uncertainty as to the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going
concern. These financial statements also do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded
asset amounts
 or amounts and classifications of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as
a going concern.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS




 2016
 the Company entered
into an Asset Contribution Agreement with Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (&ldquo;BRHC&rdquo;)
which was previously formed by the Company to contribute and assign to BRHC
 all of the Company's (i) oil and gas assets (including
working capital and tangible and intangible assets) (the &ldquo;Assets&rdquo;)
 (ii) outstanding balances under that certain Credit
Agreement between the Company
 as borrower
 and Cadence Bank
 N.A. (&ldquo;Cadence&rdquo;)
 as lender (the &ldquo;Cadence Credit
Facility&rdquo;) and the outstanding balances under that certain Credit Agreement between the Company
 as borrower
 and the several
banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto (the &ldquo;Chambers&rdquo;)
 and Chambers
as administrative agent (the &ldquo;Chambers Credit Facility&rdquo;) and (iii) all current liabilities related to the Assets
 in
exchange for 5% of the issued and outstanding Class A Units (the &ldquo;Class A Units&rdquo;) in BRHC (the &ldquo;Asset Contribution&rdquo;).
On March 29
 2016
 affiliates of Chambers Energy Management
 LP (&ldquo;Chambers&rdquo;) (specifically
 Chambers Energy Capital
II
 LP and CEC II TE
 LLC (collectively
 the &ldquo;Chambers Affiliates&rdquo;)) entered into a Debt Contribution Agreement between
BRHC and the Chambers Affiliates
 pursuant to which BRHC issued a number of Class A Units representing 95% of the Class A Units
of BRHC to the Chambers Affiliates in exchange for the release of BRHC's obligations under the Chambers Credit Facility (the &ldquo;Satisfaction
of Debt&rdquo; and
 together with the Asset Contribution
 the &ldquo;BRHC Transaction&rdquo;). Concurrent with the Satisfaction
of Debt
 each warrant originally issued with the Chambers Credit Facility was automatically retired and cancelled. The closing
of the BRHC Transaction was subject to the Company obtaining the approval of stockholders holding a majority of its outstanding
capital stock and to the Company having assigned the Cadence Credit Agreement to BRHC with Cadence&rsquo;s consent
 and BRHC and
Cadence entering into any applicable amendment agreements related to such assignment and waiver of financial covenant ratio compliance
for the quarter ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015 and quarter ending March 31

 2016
the Company satisfied all of these conditions and
 for accounting purposes
 the BRHC Transaction was closed. The parties have agreed
that the BRHC Transaction
 the Asset Contribution and the Satisfaction of Debt are effective
 for valuation purposes
 as of April
1
 2016.


are set forth in the limited liability company agreement of BRHC (the &ldquo;LLC Agreement&rdquo;)
 which became effective upon
the closing of the BRHC Transaction. All distributions by BRHC of cash or other property
 and whether upon liquidation or otherwise
will be made as follows:


First
 100% to the Class A Members
 pro rata
 until each Class A Member has received distributions
in aggregate totaling the then Class A Preference
 which is an amount equal to a 10.0% internal rate of return on the invested
capital amount.

Second
 90% to the Class A Members
 pro rata
 and 10% to the Class B Members
 pro rata
 until such
time as the aggregate distributions to Chambers equals 250% of the capital contribution of its Class A Units.

Third
 80% to the Class A Members
 pro rata
 and 20% to the Class B Members
 pro rata.


 which
had been responsible for the conduct of the day-to-day business of BRHC and the management
 oversight and disposition of the assets
of BRHC. The initial BRHC Board was comprised of three managers
 consisting of two managers appointed by Chambers and one member
from the Company.


 under the LLC Agreement
 Chambers
committed to contribute up to $30 million cash (the &ldquo;Chambers Investment Commitment&rdquo;) to BRHC in exchange for Class
A Units. At Closing
 Chambers funded $10 million (the &ldquo;Initial Chambers Investment&rdquo;) of the Chambers Investment Commitment
the proceeds of which were used to reduce outstanding amounts owed by BRHC to Cadence under the Cadence Credit Facility and for
general corporate purposes. The remaining $20 million (the &ldquo;Subsequent Chambers Investment&rdquo;)
 subject to certain conditions
may be called from time to time during the Investment Period by the board of managers of BRHC (the &ldquo;BRHC Board&rdquo;). The
Initial Chambers Investment and any Subsequent Chambers Investment shall serve to proportionately reduce the Company's Class A
Units percentage ownership in BRHC. The investment period shall be the lesser of three years or such time as the entire Chambers
Investment Commitment has been called by the BRHC Board (the &ldquo;Investment Period&rdquo;). Any portion of Chambers Investment
Commitment not called by the BRHC Board prior to the expiration of the Investment Period will be cancelled. In no event will Chambers
be required to make a capital contribution in an amount in excess of its undrawn commitment.


000
000 Class
B Units in BRHC at the Closing of the BRHC Transaction. At the discretion of the BRHC&rsquo;s Board of Managers
 the Company may
be granted additional Class B Units in BRHC
 and in turn
 the Company may transfer such Class B Units to certain members of the
Company's management. Subject to certain conditions
 the Class B Units will entitle the holders to participate in any future distributions
of BRHC after distributions equal to the capital contributions and preferred return have been made to the holders of Class A Units
of BRHC.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS


the Company entered into a Management Services Agreement with BRHC. Under the Management Services Agreement
 the Company provided
services to BRHC with respect to the business operations of BRHC
 including but not limited to locating
 investigating and analyzing
potential non-operator oil and gas projects and day-to-day operations related to such projects. The Company received a fee under
the Management Services Agreement intended to cover the costs of providing such services and is reimbursed for certain third party
expenses. The term of the Management Services Agreement commenced on the closing of the BRHC Transaction and continued indefinitely
unless terminated
 which required a three month notice by the terminating party. The management services agreement was terminated
by BRHC as of June 30
 2017.


 the Company
recorded for the year ended December 31
 2016 a gain on debt restructuring of $41
621
150 calculated as the difference between
our final ownership interest in BRHC
 after conversion of debt to equity and the equity contribution of the Initial Chambers Investment
within BRHC and our retention of a 3.88% ownership interest in BRHC
 and the net book value of the assets and labilities we transferred
to BRHC.

The
income and expense for the associated with the operating activities (through June 21
 2016
 the date of the BRHC transaction) contributed
in the BRHC Transaction are reflected as &ldquo;Loss from discontinued items
 net of income taxes&rdquo; on our statement of operations
for the year ended December 31
 2016. The items included in &ldquo;Loss from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes&rdquo;
are as follows:



    
    

    



    
    

    
    

    
5
539
613

    
1
043
026

    
(4
288
736

    
2
293
903

    
    

    
    

    
1
400
639

    
568
028

    
476
461

    
3
114
347

    
5
219
000

    
16
258

    
10
794
733

    
    

    
(8
500
830

    
    

    
    

    
(1
696
544

    
(1
696
544

    
    

    
(10
197
374

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
(10
197
374



 BRHC was dissolved
in October of 2017.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Note 5 &ndash; Rights Offering and Formation
of Black Ridge Acquisition Corp.


on Form S-1 (the &ldquo;Registration Statement&rdquo;) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) to register
the issuance of 431
819
910 shares of common stock in the Rights Offering that was declared effective by the SEC on August 3
 2017.
Pursuant to the Rights Offering
 the Company distributed
 on a pro rata basis
 one right for each share of common stock owned by
shareholders on August 2
 2017 (the &ldquo;Record Date&rdquo;). Each right permitted a shareholder to purchase up to nine shares
of common stock at a subscription price of $0.012 per share. The Rights Offering expired on September 8
 2017 (the &ldquo;Expiration
Date&rdquo;).


the Company also entered into a Standby Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Backstop Agreement&rdquo;) with a consortium of investors
including members of the Company&rsquo;s board of directors and our Chief Executive Officer (collectively
 the &ldquo;Backstop
Purchasers&rdquo;)
 who agree to purchase up to $2.9 million of the unsubscribed shares following the completion of the rights
offering.


 2017
 the
Company completed the Rights Offering
 raising gross proceeds of $5
181
839 and issued 431
819
910 shares in connection with
the exercise of rights in connection with the Rights Offering and related Backstop Agreement. Under the Rights Offering
the Company&rsquo;s current shareholders exercised rights to purchase 199
811
421 shares of stock for a total of
$2
397
737. Under the Backstop Agreement
 the Backstop Purchasers purchased 232
008
489 shares of stock for a total of
$2
784
102. Officers and directors of the Company purchased 173
843
308 shares between the Rights Offering and as
participants of the Backstop Agreement for $2
086
120 and received 179
376 warrants to purchase shares of common stock at
$0.01 per share for their participation in the Backstop Agreement. The remaining 257
976
602 shares were purchased by
non-related parties for proceeds of $2
965
555. The warrants issued to related parties fair value was estimated to be $4
179
(see Note 17). The Company incurred $130
164 in costs associated with raising capital
 which has been netted against
stockholders&rsquo; equity. Additionally as part of Backstop agreement
 the Company issued 435
000 warrants to purchase its
common stock at $0.01 for participants in the Backstop Agreement. The warrants fair value was estimated to be $10
135 (see
Note 17).


 2017 and October 18
 2017
in connection with the underwriter exercising its over-allotment option
d $4
450
000

acquisition company

 as part of BRAC&rsquo;s initial public offering
(IPO). BRAC was formed on May 9
 2017 with the purpose of becoming the special acquisition company as a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company with an initial equity contribution of $25
000. After the IPO
 the Company retained ownership of 22% of BRAC&rsquo;s
are intended
to 

Note 6 &ndash; BRAC&rsquo;s IPO
 Consolidation
of BRAC and Non-controlling Interest




IPO was declared effective on October 4
 2017. The registration statement was initially declared effective for 10
000
000 units
(&ldquo;Units&rdquo; and
 with respect to the common stock included in the Units being offered
 the &ldquo;Public Shares&rdquo;)
but the offering was increased to 12
000
000 Units pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. On October
10
 2017
 the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 12
000
000 units
 generating gross proceeds of $120
000
000.


Public Offering
 BRAC sold 400
000 units (the &ldquo;Placement Units&rdquo;) at a price of $10.00 per Unit in a private placement
to BROG
 generating gross proceeds of $4
000
000. BROG&rsquo;s investment in BRAC&rsquo;s common stock is eliminated in consolidation.


to $2
882
226
 consisting of $2
400
000 of underwriting fees and $482
226 of other costs.


10
 2017
 an amount of $120
600
000 ($10.05 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the Placement
Units was placed in a trust account (&ldquo;Trust Account&rdquo;) and is invested in U.S. government securities
 within the meaning
set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940
 as amended (the &ldquo;Investment Company Act&rdquo;)
 with
a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by
the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2)
 (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act
 as determined
by the Company
 until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account
as described below.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS


 2017
 in connection with
the underwriters&rsquo; exercise of their over-allotment option in full
 BRAC sold an additional 1
800
000 Units and the sale of
an additional 45
000 Placement Units to BROG at $10.00 per Unit
 generating total proceeds of $18
450
000. Transaction costs for
underwriting fees on the sale of the over-allotment units were $360
000. Following the closing
 an additional $18
090
000 of the
net proceeds ($10.05 per Unit) was placed in the Trust Account
 bringing the total aggregate proceeds held in the Trust Account
to $138
690
000 ($10.05 per Unit). BROG&rsquo;s investment in BRAC&rsquo;s common stock is eliminated in consolidation.

BRAC&rsquo;s
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and private placement
although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination.
There is no assurance that the BRAC will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. Upon the closing of the IPO
per Unit sold in the IPO
 including some of the proceeds of the Private Placements was
deposited in a trust account (&ldquo;Trust Account&rdquo;) to be held until the earlier of (i) the consummation of its initial
Business Combination or (ii) BRAC&rsquo;s failure to consummate a Business Combination within 21 months from the consummation of
the IPO (the &ldquo;Combination Period&rdquo;). Placing funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third party
claims against BRAC. Although BRAC will seek to have all vendors
 service providers
 prospective target businesses or other entities
it engages
 execute agreements with BRAC waiving any claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account
 there is
no guarantee that such persons will execute such agreements. The Trust Account is maintained by a third party trustee. The remaining
net proceeds (not held in the Trust Account) may be used to pay for business
 legal and accounting due diligence on prospective
acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses. Additionally
 the interest earned on the Trust Account balance
may be released to BRAC for any amounts that are necessary to pay BRAC&rsquo;s income and other tax obligations and up to $50
000
that may be used to pay for the costs of liquidating BRAC. BROG has agreed that it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in
the Trust Account are not reduced below $10.05 per share by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities
that are owed money by BRAC for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to BRAC
 but there is no assurance that BROG
will be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations if it is required to do so. Additionally
 the agreement entered into by
BROG specifically provides for two exceptions to the indemnity it has given: it will have no liability (1) as to any claimed amounts
owed to a target business or vendor or other entity who has executed an agreement with BRAC waiving any right
 title
 interest
or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the Trust Account
 or (2) as to any claims for indemnification by
the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities
 including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended.




listing rules
 BRAC&rsquo;s initial Business Combination must be with a target business or businesses whose collective fair market
value is at least equal to 80% of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for such
Business Combination
 although this may entail simultaneous acquisitions of several target businesses. The fair market value of
the target will be determined by BRAC&rsquo;s board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial
community (such as actual and potential sales
 earnings
 cash flow and/or book value). The target business or businesses that BRAC
acquires may have a collective fair market value substantially in excess of 80% of the Trust Account balance. In order to consummate
such a Business Combination
 BRAC may issue a significant amount of its debt or equity securities to the sellers of such business
and/or seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities. If BRAC&rsquo;s securities are not
listed on NASDAQ after the IPO
 BRAC would not be required to satisfy the 80% requirement. However
 BRAC intends to satisfy the
80% requirement even if BRAC&rsquo;s securities are not listed on NASDAQ at the time of the initial Business Combination.

BRAC will provide
the public stockholders
 who are the holders of the common stock which was sold as part of the Units in the IPO
 whether they are
purchased in the IPO or in the aftermarket
 or &ldquo;Public Shares&rdquo;
 including BROG to the extent that it purchases such
Public Shares (&ldquo;Public Stockholders&rdquo;)
 with an opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares of BRAC&rsquo;s
Common stock
 irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or if BRAC conducts a tender offer
 upon
the completion of the initial Business Combination either (1) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business
Combination
 or (ii) by means of a tender offer
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account including interest (net of franchise and income taxes payable
 divided by the number of then outstanding Public
Shares. The amount in the Trust Account
 net of franchise and income taxes payable
Public
Share. The common stock subject to redemption will be recorded at a redemption value and classified a temporary equity upon the
completion of the IPO
 in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) Topic 480 &ldquo;Distinguishing

$5
000

 a
majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. The decision as to whether BRAC will seek
stockholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by BRAC
 solely in its discretion
based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require
it to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. If a stockholder vote is not required and
BRAC decides not to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons
 BRAC will
 pursuant to the proposed amended and
restated certificate of incorporation
 (i) conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act
which regulate issuer tender offers
 and (ii) file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing the initial Business
Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial Business Combination and the
redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act
 which regulates the solicitation of proxies.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

BROG has agreed
to vote its Founder Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of the initial Business Combination
and BRAC&rsquo;s executive officers and directors have also agreed to vote any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO

 pursuant to which it agreed to waive
its redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares
 shares included in the Placement Units and Public Shares in connection
with the completion of the initial Business Combination. In addition
 BROG has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares and shares included in the Placement Units if BRAC fails to complete
the initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. However
 if BROG (or any of BRAC&rsquo;s executive officers
directors or affiliates) acquires Public Shares in or after the IPO
 it will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the
Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares in the event BRAC does not complete the initial Business Combination within such
applicable time period.




Business Combination within the Combination Period
 BRAC must: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii)
as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem the public shares
 at a per-share price
payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including interest (which interest shall be
net of franchise and income taxes payable divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares
 which redemption will completely
extinguish Public Stockholders&rsquo; rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions
if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval
of BRAC&rsquo;s remaining stockholders and BRAC&rsquo;s Board of Directors
 dissolve and liquidate
 subject in the case of clauses
(ii) and (iii) to BRAC&rsquo;s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other
applicable law.

Consolidation of BRAC and Non-controlling
Interest


 following
its IPO
 is a variable interest entity (&ldquo;VIE&rdquo;) and that the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The Company
determined that
 due to the redemption feature associated with the IPO shares
 that the IPO shareholders are indirectly protected
from the operating expenses of BRAC and BROG has the power to direct the activities of BRAC through the date at which BRAC affords
the stockholders the opportunity to vote to approve a proposed business combination. Therefore
 these consolidated financial statements
contain the operations of the BRAC from its inception on May 9
 2017. BRAC&rsquo;s IPO shareholders are reflected in our Consolidated
Financial Statements as a redeemable non-controlling interest. The non-controlling interest was recorded at fair value on October
10
 2017
 with an addition on October 18
 2017 as a result of the underwriters&rsquo; exercise of their over-allotment option.
The net earnings attributable to the IPO shareholders are subtracted from the net loss for the year ended December 31
 2017 to
arrive at the net loss attributable to the Company and the non-controlling interest on the balance sheet was adjusted to include
the net earnings attributable to the IPO shareholders.




$10
000 per month as part of an administrative services agreement
 which commenced October 5
 2017
 for general and administrative
services including the cost of office space and personnel dedicated to BRAC. BROG is reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses
particularly travel
 incurred in connection with activities on BRAC&rsquo;s behalf
 including but not limited to identifying potential
target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement
of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by BRAC. BRAC paid a total of $28
710 to BROG for such services during the year ended December
31
 2017. The management services income of BROG and the management services expense of BRAC as well as any balances due between
the companies for such services or reimbursements were eliminated in consolidation.


resulting equity recorded by BRAC have been eliminated upon consolidation. Additionally
 as a result of recognizing the fair value
of the upon redemption of the redeemable shares held by the BRAC IPO shareholders as a non-controlling interest as per ASC 810-10-45-23
BROG has recognized an adjustment of $3
932
126 to additional paid-in capital. The non-controlling interest in BRAC held by the
BRAC&rsquo;s IPO shareholders is presented on the balance sheet as temporary equity.







    



    
    
    

    
24
999
43
324

    
11
716
11
844

    
32
102
31
724

    
68
817
86
892






    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS




&nbsp;2016
we granted various awards to our Officers and Directors as compensation for their services. These related party grants are fully
disclosed in Note 16 below. No awards were granted in 2017.


 2016
the Company leased office space on a month to month basis where the lessor is an entity owned by our former CEO and current Chairman
of the Board of Directors
 Bradley Berman. Pursuant to the lease
 we occupied approximately 2
813 square feet of office space.
We terminated the lease concurrent with our move to another location on June 30
 2016. The lease had base rents of $2
110 per month
plus common area operations and maintenance charges
 and monthly parking fees of $240 per month
 for the period from November 15
2013 to October 31
 2014
 and was subject to increases of $117 per month beginning November 1
 2014 and for each of the subsequent
annual periods. We paid a total of $36
183 to this entity during the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016.


5
 officers and directors of the Company purchased 173
843
308 shares between the Rights Offering and as participants of the Backstop
Agreement for $2
086
120 and received 179
376 warrants to purchase shares of common stock at $0.01 per share for their participation
in the Backstop Agreement.

Note 9 &ndash; Investment
in Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC


Ridge Holding Company
 LLC as of December 31
 2016 represents our equity interest in Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC following
the debt restructuring and related activity as described in Note 4 &ndash; Debt Restructuring. We accounted for the investment
using the cost method.



Affiliates as the members of BRHC agreed to dissolve and wind up BRHC and filed a Certificate of Cancellation under the Delaware
Limited Liability Company Act as of October 3
 2017. On October 2
 2017
 the Company entered into an agreement with the Chambers
Affiliates whereby certain assets distributed to the Company upon the dissolution and winding up of BRHC
 effective as of October
1
 2017
 were sold to the Assignees in exchange for cash consideration of $1
078
394. Additionally
 cash and receivables totaling
to $4
645 in value
 were distributed directly to the Company from BRHC. As a result of the transactions
 eliminating the Company&rsquo;s
basis in its investment in BRHC and deducting certain transaction related expenses
 the Company recorded a gain of $1
030
145.




 2017 and December 31
2016
 consisted of the following:



    





    
    
    

    
128
156
140
547

    
(117
459
(112
128


 net
10
697
28
419



 2017 we sold certain assets
with a book value of $6
874 for proceeds of $2
160
 resulting in a loss on disposal of $4
714.


 depletion
 and amortization
expense by type of asset:



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
3
114
347

    
10
848
14
271


 amortization and depletion
10
848
3
128
618

 Presented as a
component of loss from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS



their effect on the proved reserve values of properties in 2016
 we recorded a non-cash ceiling test impairment of $5
219
000 for
the year ended December 31
 2016. The expense associated with the impairments is presented as component of loss from discontinued
operations
 net of income taxes. The impairment charges affected our reported net income but did not reduce our cash flow.

Note 11 &ndash; Oil
and Natural Gas Properties


net productive oil wells by state at June 21
 2016 (prior to their disposition through our debt restructuring). A net well represents
our percentage ownership of a gross well. The following tables do not include wells in which our interest is limited to royalty
and overriding royalty interests. The following tables also do not include wells which were awaiting completion
 in the process
of completion or awaiting flow back subsequent to fracture stimulation.



    

 2016

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



properties consist of all acreage acquisition costs (including cash expenditures and the value of stock consideration)
 drilling
costs and other associated capitalized costs. As of June 21
 2016
 our principal oil and gas assets included approximately 7
016
respectively
 located in North Dakota and Montana.


capitalized costs for the purchase and development of our oil and natural gas properties for the years ended December
31
 2016 (prior to their disposition through our debt restructuring):



    
    

    

 2016

    
4
858
134

    
3
155
016

    
(6
899
503

    
4
737


 oil and natural gas properties
1
118
384




 the Company sold
 prior to
our debt restructuring
 approximately 14&nbsp;net mineral acres of oil and natural gas properties for total proceeds of $94
628.
No gain or loss was recorded pursuant to the sales.



 2016 we disposed of all of
our oil and gas properties
 with net carrying costs of $24
498
638
 as part of our debt restructuring as outlined in Note 4 &ndash;
Debt Restructuring.

Note 12 &ndash; Asset
Retirement Obligation


(ARO) associated with the future plugging and abandonment of proved properties and related facilities. Under the provisions of
FASB ASC 410-20-25
 the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation is recorded in the period in which it is incurred
and a corresponding increase in the carrying amount of the related long lived asset. The liability is accreted to its present value
each period
 and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled for
an amount other than the recorded amount
 a gain or loss is recognized. The Company has no assets that are legally restricted for
purposes of settling asset retirement obligations.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS


asset retirement obligation transactions recorded in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC 410-20-25 during the year ended
December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016:



    
    

    

 2016

    
368
089

    
4
737

    
16
258

    
(389
084

    
    





derivative instruments on the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value. The Company has not designated
its derivative instruments as hedges for accounting purposes and
 as such
 marks its derivative instruments to fair value and recognizes
the realized and unrealized changes in fair value in its statements of operations under the captions &ldquo;Loss on Settled Derivatives&rdquo;
and &ldquo;Losses on the mark-to-market of derivatives.&rdquo;


derivative contracts to hedge against the variability in cash flows associated with the forecasted sale of crude oil production.
While the use of these derivative instruments limits the downside risk of adverse price movements
 their use also limits the upside
revenue potential of upward price movements.


 the counterparty
is required to make a payment to the Company if the settlement price for any settlement period is less than the swap price and
the Company is required to make a payment to the counterparty if the settlement price for any period is greater than the swap price.
For a collar contract
 the counterparty is required to make a payment to the Company if the settlement price for any settlement
period is below the floor price
 the Company is required to make a payment to the counterparty if the settlement price for any
settlement period is above the ceiling price and no payment is required by either party if the settlement price for any settlement
period is between the floor price and the ceiling price.


are settled based on reported settlement prices on commodity exchanges
 with crude oil derivative settlements based on NYMEX West
Texas Intermediate (&ldquo;WTI&rdquo;) pricing.


 2016 all of our then outstanding
derivative contracts
 with a mark-to-market liability valuation of $3
134
336
 were transferred to BRHC as part of the debt restructuring.



unrealized gains and losses on derivative instruments for the periods presented:



    
    

    

 2016

    
    

    
922
872

    
120
154


 net
1
043
026

    
    

    
    

    
(4
157
491

    
(131
245


 net
(4
288
736






    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Note 14 &ndash; Fair Value of Financial
Instruments


 fair value is
defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date (an exit price). The standard outlines a valuation framework and creates a fair value
hierarchy in order to increase the consistency and comparability of fair value measurements and the related disclosures. Under
GAAP
 certain assets and liabilities must be measured at fair value
 and FASB ASC 820-10-50 details the disclosures that are required
for items measured at fair value.


and a revolving credit facility that must be measured under the fair value standard. The Company&rsquo;s financial assets and liabilities
are measured using inputs from the three levels of the fair value hierarchy. The three levels are as follows:


prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date.


for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that
are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g.
 interest rates
 yield curves
etc.)
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market
corroborated inputs).


our assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.


of financial instruments at fair value on a recurring basis in the balances sheet as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 and&nbsp;2016:



    

 2017

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
477
089
    
    

    
138
980
353
    
    

    
140
457
442
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
140
457
442
    
    

    
    
    
    




    

 2016

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
66
269
    
    

    
66
269
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
66
269
    
    



or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 inputs for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 and 2016.


facilities. No fair value adjustment was necessary during the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 and 2016.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Note 15 &ndash; Revolving Credit Facilities
and Long Term Debt




 2017 the Company entered into
a $500
000 Promissory Note (the Note) issued to Cadence Bank
 N.A. (Cadence) and a Security Agreement by the Company in favor of
Cadence. The Note bore interest at 4.5% per annum payable monthly and was due on October 7
 2017. The Note was repaid in full on
September 14
 2017. The Note was secured by the Company&rsquo;s deposit account at Cadence and all of the Company&rsquo;s rights
title and interests in and to the contractual rights of the Company to receive payment from Chambers Energy Management for the
purchase of the Company&rsquo;s interest in Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC. The Company incurred and paid $4
313 in interest
on the Note and paid $4
400 in origination fees and other set up costs that are included in interest expense on the statement of
operations.




 as borrower
 entered
into a Credit Agreement dated August&nbsp;8
 2013 and amendments thereto dated December&nbsp;13
 2013
March&nbsp;24
 2014
 April&nbsp;21
 2014
 September 11
 2014
 March&nbsp;30
 2015 and August 10
 2015 (as
amended
) with Cadence
 as lender (the &ldquo;Senior Credit
Facility&rdquo;). Under the terms of the Senior Credit Agreement
 a senior secured revolving line of credit in the maximum
aggregate principal amount of $50&nbsp;million was available from time to time (i) for direct investment in oil and gas
properties
 (ii) for general working capital purposes
 including the issuance of letters of credit
 and (iii) to refinance
the then existing debt under the Company&rsquo;s former credit facility.


was at all times subject to the then-applicable borrowing base
 determined by Cadence in a manner consistent with the normal and
customary oil and gas lending practices of Cadence. Availability was initially set at $7&nbsp;million and was subject to periodic
redeterminations. Subject to availability under the borrowing base
 the Company could borrow
 repay and re-borrow funds in amounts
of $250
000 or more. At the Company&rsquo;s election
 the unpaid principal balance of any borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility
may bear interest at either (i) the Base Rate
 as defined in the Senior Credit Facility
 plus the applicable margin
 which varies
from 1.00% to 1.50% or (ii) the LIBOR rate
 as defined in the Senior Credit Facility
 plus the applicable margin
 which varies
from 3.00% to 3.50%. Interest was payable for Base Rate loans on the last business day of the month and for LIBOR loans on the
last LIBOR business day of each LIBOR interest period. The Company was also required to pay a quarterly fee of 0.50% on any unused
portion of the borrowing base
 as well as a facility fee of 0.90% of the initial and any subsequent additions to the borrowing
base.


maturity date of August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2016
 was subsequently amended to January&nbsp;15
 2017 pursuant to the amendment on
March&nbsp;30
 2015. The Company could prepay the entire amount of Base Rate loans at any time
 and could prepay the
entire amount of LIBOR loans upon at least three business days&rsquo; notice to Cadence. The Senior Credit Facility was
secured by first priority interests in mortgages on substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 including but not
limited to the Company&rsquo;s mineral interests in North Dakota and Montana.


Debt Restructuring
 the Company transferred the obligation with a balance outstanding of $29
400
000 under the Senior Credit Facility
to BRHC on June 21
 2016.



 as borrower
 entered
into a Second Lien Credit Agreement dated August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013 and amendments thereto dated December&nbsp;13
 2013
March&nbsp;24
 2014
 April&nbsp;21
 2014
 September&nbsp;11
 2014
 March&nbsp;30
 2015
 and August 10
2015 (as amended
 the &ldquo;Subordinated Credit Agreement&rdquo;) by and among the Company
 as borrower
 Chambers Energy
Management
 LP
 as administrative agent (&ldquo;Chambers&rdquo;)
 and the several other lenders named therein (the
&ldquo;Subordinated Credit Facility&rdquo;). Under the Subordinated Credit Facility
 term loans in the aggregate principal
amount of up to $75 million were available from time to time (i) to repay the Previous Credit Facility
 (ii) for fees and
closing costs in connection with both the Senior Credit Facility and the Subordinated Credit Facility (together
 the
&ldquo;Credit Facilities&rdquo;)
 and (iii) general corporate purposes.


initial commitment availability of $25&nbsp;million
 which was subsequently amended to $30&nbsp;million
 with the remaining commitments
subject to the approval of Chambers and other customary conditions. The Company could borrow the available commitments in amounts
of $5&nbsp;million or more and could not request borrowings of such loans more than once a month
 provided that the initial draw
was at least $15&nbsp;million. Loans under the Subordinated Credit Facility were funded net of a 2%&nbsp;OID. The unpaid principal
balance of borrowings under the Subordinated Credit Facility bore interest at the Cash Interest Rate plus the PIK Interest Rate.
The Cash Interest Rate was 9.00% per annum plus a rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) 1.00% and (ii) the offered rate for
three-month deposits in U.S. dollars that appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR 01 as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the second full
LIBOR business day preceding the first day of each calendar quarter. The PIK Interest Rate was equal to 4.00% per annum. Interest
was payable on the last day of each month. The Company was also required to pay an annual nonrefundable administration fee of $50
000
and a monthly availability fee computed at a rate of 0.50% per annum on the average daily amount of any unused portion of the available
amount under the commitment.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS


mature on June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2017. Upon at least three business days&rsquo; written notice
 the Company could prepay the entire
amount under the loans
 together with accrued interest. Each prepayment made prior to the second anniversary of the funding date
as defined in the Subordinated Credit Facility
 would be accompanied by a make-whole amount
 as defined in the Subordinated Credit
Agreement. Prepayments made on or after the second anniversary of the funding date were accompanied by an applicable premium
 as
set forth in the Subordinated Credit Agreement. The Subordinated Credit Facility was secured by second priority interests on substantially
all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 including but not limited to second priority mortgages on the Company&rsquo;s mineral interests
in North Dakota and Montana.


Credit Facility occurred on September&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2013 at which time we drew $14
700
000
 net of a $300
000 original issue discount
from the Subordinated Credit Agreement and used $10
226
057 of those proceeds to repay and terminate a previously outstanding revolving
credit facility. We had drawn an additional $14
700
000
 net of $300
000 original issue discounts
 through June 21
 2016. The Company
had borrowings of $30.0&nbsp;million outstanding under the Subordinated Credit Facility as of June 21
 2016. The obligations under
the Subordinated Credit Facility
 $30.0 million of principal and $2
931
369 of PIK interest payable
 were transferred to BRHC and
converted to equity in BRHC as part of the debt restructuring outlined in Note 4 - Debt Restructuring on June 21
 2016.



Intercreditor Agreement dated August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013 (the &ldquo;Intercreditor Agreement&rdquo;). The Intercreditor Agreement
provided that any liens on the assets of the Company securing indebtedness under the Subordinated Credit Facility were subordinate
to liens on the assets securing indebtedness under the Senior Credit Facility and set forth the respective rights
 obligations
and remedies of the lenders under the Senior Credit Facility with respect to their first priority liens and the lenders under the
Subordinated Credit Facility with respect to their second priority liens.


 as amended
required customary affirmative and negative covenants for credit facilities of the respective types and sizes for companies
operating in the oil and gas industry
 as well as customary events of default. Furthermore
 the Credit Facilities contain
financial covenants that required the Company to satisfy certain specified financial ratios. The Senior Credit Agreement
required the Company to maintain
 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company
 (i) a collateral coverage ratio
(reserve value plus consolidated working capital to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter
ending June&nbsp;30
 2014
 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarters ending September&nbsp;30
 2014 and December&nbsp;31
 2014
 was
waived for the quarters ending March&nbsp;31
 2015 and June&nbsp;30
 2015
 and 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending
September&nbsp;30
 2015
 and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&nbsp;31
 2015 and thereafter
 (ii) a
ratio of current assets
 including debt facility available to be drawn
 to current liabilities of a minimum of 1.0 to 1.0
except for the quarter ending June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014
 which was waived
 (iii) a net debt to EBITDAX
 as defined in the
Senior Credit Agreement
 ratio of 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ended March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters
ended June&nbsp;30
 2014 and September&nbsp;30
 2014
 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter
ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 was waived for the quarters ended March&nbsp;31
 2015 and June 30
 2015
 and 3.50 to
1.00 for the quarter ending September&nbsp;30
 2015
 and 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter ending
December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
 2016 and thereafter
 in each case
calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis
 (iv) a maximum senior leverage ratio of not more than 2.5 to 1.0
calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis
 and (v) a minimum interest coverage ratio of not less than 3.0 to 1.0.
The Subordinated Credit Agreement required the Company to maintain
 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company
(i) a collateral coverage ratio (reserve value plus consolidated working capital to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65
to 1.00 through the quarter ending June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014
 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarters ending September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014
and December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 was waived for the quarters ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015 and June 30
 2015
 and 0.70 to
1.00 for the quarter ending September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
and thereafter
 (ii) a consolidated net leverage ratio (adjusted total indebtedness less the amount of unrestricted cash
equivalents to consolidated EBITDA) of no more than 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 4.25 to
1.00 for the quarters ending June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014 and September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014
 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter
ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 was waived for the quarters ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015 and June 30
 2015
 and 3.50
to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 and 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter ending
December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and thereafter
 calculated on a
modified trailing four quarter basis
 (iii) a consolidated cash interest coverage ratio (consolidated EBITDA to consolidated
cash interest expense) of no less than 2.5 to 1.0
 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis and (iv) a ratio of
consolidated current assets to consolidated current liabilities of at least 1.0 to 1.0
 except for the quarter ending June
30
 2015 when the covenant was waived. In addition
 each of the Credit Facilities required that the Company enter into
hedging agreements based on anticipated oil production from currently producing wells as agreed to by the lenders.



the collateral coverage ratio covenant as of March 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015 and the current ratio covenant as defined by
the Subordinated Credit Facility as of March 31
 2016. Additionally
 the audit report the Company received with respect to its
financial statements as of December 31
 2015 contains an explanatory paragraph expressing uncertainty as to the Company&rsquo;s
ability to continue as a going concern
 the delivery of which constituted a default under both its Senior Credit Facility and Subordinated
Credit Facility. The Company received a waiver for all debt covenants as of December 31
 2015 and March 31
 2016 as part of the
debt restructuring outlined in Note 4 &ndash; Debt Restructuring.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS


expense which is presented as a component of loss from discontinued operations
 net of tax
 on the Company&rsquo;s statement of
operations for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016:



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
330
740

    
8
713
1
373
023

    
    
(7
219

    
8
713
1
696
544


Note 16 &ndash; Stockholders&rsquo;
Equity



000
000 authorized shares
of $0.001 par value preferred stock. No shares have been issued to date.



000
000 authorized
shares of $0.001 par value common stock.


 2017 the Company issued
199
811
421 shares of common stock in a Rights Offering
 raising gross proceeds of $2
397
737
 and issued an additional 232
008
789
shares in a private placement (the Backstop Agreement)
 raising gross proceeds of $2
784
102. The Company incurred $130
164 in
costs associated with the Rights Offering and Backstop Agreement.




during the year ended December 31
 2017.


all options granted during the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
K. DeCubellis
 CEO
1
204
000
    
    
    
    
    
47
925
15
976
    

    
J. Moe
 CFO
450
000
    
    
    
    
    
17
912
5
972
    

    
M. Eisele
 COO
500
000
    
    
    
    
    
19
903
6
636
    

    
    
300
000
    
    
    
    
    
11
942
3
980
    

    
    
36
000
    
    
    
    
    
1
433
    
    

    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
1
990
    
    

    
    
65
000
    
    
    
    
    
2
587
    
    

    
    
8
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
J. Lahti
 Director
300
000
    
    
    
    
    
11
942
3
980
    

    
B. Oehler
 Director
300
000
    
    
    
    
    
11
942
3
980
    

    
B. Berman
 Director
300
000
    
    
    
    
    
11
942
3
980
    

    
L. Berman
 Director
300
000
    
    
    
    
    
11
942
3
980
    

    
L. Berman
 Director
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
4
973
1
656
    

    
    
3
913
500
    
    
    
    
    
156
771
52
090
2
913


 All
options vest in equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of the grant
 are exercisable for 10 years from
the date of the grant and are being amortized over the implied service term
 or vesting period
 of the options.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS



 87
700 options were forfeited
by an employee


ended December 31
 2016.



 a total of 12
000 options
with a strike price of $0.29 per share expired.


 a total of 12
000 options
with a strike price of $0.33 per share expired.



ended December&nbsp;31
 2017 and 2016.


about the Stock Options outstanding at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017.



    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

857
300
    
    

938
433
    



estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions used
for grants under the fixed option plan:



    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



was developed for use in estimating the fair value of short-term traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully
transferable. In addition
 option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including expected stock
price volatility. Because the Company&rsquo;s employee stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of
traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&rsquo;s
opinion the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee stock options.
During the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 and&nbsp;2016 there were no options granted with an exercise price below the
fair value of the underlying stock at the grant date.


of outstanding stock options:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2015
7
055
500
    

    
(12
000
    

    
    
    

    
3
913
500
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2016
10
957
000
    

    
(12
000
    

    
(87
700
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2017
10
857
300
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2017
6
938
433
    






    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS


expensed $574
851 and $626
602 from the amortization of common stock options during the years ended
December&nbsp;31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.





000 warrants to
purchase shares at $0.01 per share to participants of the Backstop Agreement on September 22

Company accounted for the warrants as an expense of the Rights Offering which resulted in a charge directly to stockholders&rsquo;
equity. The Company estimated the fair value of these warrants to be approximately $10
135 (or $.0233 per warrant) using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model. The fair value of the warrants was estimated as of the date of grant using the following assumptions: (1)
expected volatility of 388%
 (2) risk-free interest rate of 1.89% and (3) expected life of five years.


ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016.



ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017.


000
000 warrants with a strike
price of $0.65 per share were forfeited on June 21
 2016 commensurate with our debt refinancing.



ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017.


048
375 warrants with an average
strike price of $1.45 per share expired on July 26
 2016.


000 warrants with a strike
price of $0.95 per share expired on May 2
 2016.



ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 and&nbsp;2016.


of outstanding warrants:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2015
8
548
375
    

    
(3
548
375
    

    
(5
000
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2016
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
435
000
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2017
435
000
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2017
435
000
    

    
    
    






    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Note 19 - BRAC Rights
and Warrants




and including the subsequent over-allotment option exercised by the underwriter
 BRAC sold 13
800
000 Units at a purchase price
of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of common stock
 one right (&ldquo;Public Right&rdquo;) and one warrant (&ldquo;Public
Warrant&rdquo;). Each Public Right will convert into one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common stock upon consummation of a Business
Combination. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50.




Offering and over-allotment option exercise
 BROG purchased an aggregate of 445
000 Placement Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit
(or an aggregate purchase price of $4
450
000). Each Placement Unit consists of one share of common stock (&ldquo;Placement Share&rdquo;)
one right (&ldquo;Placement Right&rdquo;) and one warrant (each
 a &ldquo;Placement Warrant&rdquo;) to purchase one share of the
common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share. The proceeds from the Placement Units were added to the proceeds from the
Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If BRAC does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period
the proceeds of the sale of the Placement Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements
of applicable law) and the Placement Rights and Placement Warrants will expire worthless.


Units sold in the Initial Public Offering except that the Placement Warrants (i) are not redeemable by BRAC and (ii) may be exercised
for cash or on a cashless basis
 so long as they are held by BROG or any of its permitted transferees. In addition
 the Placement
Units and their component securities may not be transferable
 assignable or salable until after the consummation of a Business
Combination
 subject to certain limited exceptions.




(1/10) of one share of common stock upon consummation of a Business Combination
 even if a holder of such right converted all ordinary
shares held by it in connection with a Business Combination. No fractional shares will be issued upon exchange of the rights. No
additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive its additional shares upon consummation
of a Business Combination as the consideration related thereto has been included in the Unit purchase price paid for by investors
in the Initial Public Offering. If BRAC enters into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which BRAC will not be
the surviving entity
 the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration
the holders of the shares of common stock will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into shares of common stock basis
and each holder of rights will be required to affirmatively covert its rights in order to receive 1/10 of a share of common stock
underlying each right (without paying additional consideration). The shares of common stock issuable upon exchange of the rights
will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of BRAC).


Combination within the Combination Period and BRAC liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account
 holders of rights will not receive
any of such funds with respect to their rights
 nor will they receive any distribution from BRAC&rsquo;s assets held outside of
the Trust Account with respect to such rights
 and the rights will expire worthless. Further
 there are no contractual penalties
for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of a Business Combination. Additionally
 in no
event will BRAC be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly
 the rights may expire worthless.&nbsp;


sold in the Private Placement are identical to the rights included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering
 except that
among others
 the rights including the shares issuable upon exchange of such rights
 are being purchased pursuant to an exemption
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and will become tradable only after certain conditions are met or the
resale of such rights (including underlying securities) is registered under the Securities Act.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS




number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Warrants. The Warrants will become exercisable on the
later of (a) 30 days after the consummation of a Business Combination or (b) October 10
 2018. No Warrants will be exercisable
for cash unless BRAC has an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
of the Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if a registration statement covering
the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants is not effective within 30 days from the consummation of
a Business Combination
 the holders may
 until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period
when BRAC shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement
 exercise the Warrants on a cashless basis pursuant
to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. If an exemption from registration is not available
 holders
will not be able to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis. The Warrants will expire five years from the consummation of a
Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.


to the Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering
 except the Private Warrants will be exercisable for cash
(even if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of such Private Warrants is not effective)
or on a cashless basis
 at the holder&rsquo;s option
 and will not be redeemable by BRAC
 in each case so long as they are still
held by BROG or its affiliates.


(excluding the Private Warrants but including any outstanding Warrants issued upon exercise of the unit purchase option issued
to EarlyBirdCapital)
 in whole and not in part
 at a price of $.01 per Warrant:


at any time while the Warrants are exercisable


upon not less than 30 days&rsquo; prior written notice of redemption to each Warrant holder


if
 and only if
 the reported last sale price of the shares of common stock equals or exceeds $18.00
per share
 for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption
to Warrant holders
 and

if
 and only if
 there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares
of common stock underlying such Warrants at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day redemption period and continuing each
day thereafter until the date of redemption.


management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Warrants to do so on a &ldquo;cashless basis
&rdquo;
as described in the warrant agreement.


of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock
dividend
 extraordinary dividend or recapitalization
 reorganization
 merger or consolidation. However
 the Warrants will not be
adjusted for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally
 in no event will BRAC be required
to net cash settle the Warrants. If BRAC is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and BRAC liquidates
the funds held in the Trust Account
 holders of Warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their Warrants
 nor
will they receive any distribution from BRAC&rsquo;s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Warrants. Accordingly
the Warrants may expire worthless.




 2017
BRAC sold to the underwriter and its designees
 for $100
 an option to purchase up to 600
000 Units exercisable at $11.50 per Unit
(or an aggregate exercise price of $6
900
000) commencing on the later of the first anniversary of the effective date of the registration
statement related to the Initial Public Offering and the consummation of a Business Combination. The unit purchase option may be
exercised for cash or on a cashless basis
 at the holder&rsquo;s option
 and expires five years from the effective date of the
registration statement related to the Initial Public Offering. The Units issuable upon exercise of this option are identical to
those offered in the Initial Public Offering. BRAC accounted for the unit purchase option
 inclusive of the receipt of $100 cash
payment
 as an expense of the Initial Public Offering resulting in a charge directly to stockholders&rsquo; equity. BRAC estimated
the fair value of this unit purchase option to be approximately $1
778
978 (or $2.97 per Unit) using the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model. The fair value of the unit purchase option granted to the underwriters was estimated as of the date of grant using the following
assumptions: (1) expected volatility of 35%
 (2) risk-free interest rate of 1.94% and (3) expected life of five years. The option
and such units purchased pursuant to the option
 as well as the common stock underlying such units
 the rights included in such
units
 the common stock that is issuable for the rights included in such units
 the warrants included in such units
 and the shares
underlying such warrants
 have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a 180-day lock-up pursuant to Rule
5110(g)(1) of FINRA&rsquo;s NASDAQ Conduct Rules. Additionally
 the option may not be sold
 transferred
 assigned
 pledged or hypothecated
for a one-year period (including the foregoing 180-day period) following the date of Initial Public Offering except to any underwriter
and selected dealer participating in the Initial Public Offering and their bona fide officers or partners. The option grants to
holders demand and &ldquo;piggy back&rdquo; rights for periods of five and seven years
 respectively
 from the effective date of
the registration statement with respect to the registration under the Securities Act of the securities directly and indirectly
issuable upon exercise of the option. BRAC will bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the securities
 other than
underwriting commissions which will be paid for by the holders themselves. The exercise price and number of units issuable upon
exercise of the option may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend
 or BRAC&rsquo;s recapitalization
reorganization
 merger or consolidation. However
 the option will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below
its exercise price.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Note 20 &ndash; Income
Taxes


of ASC Topic 740

 
deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences
 using currently enacted tax laws
attributable to temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
the amounts calculated for income tax purposes.


tax returns for BROG and BRAC. For the year ended December 31
 2017 the impact
of both returns are combined in the presentation.


years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 and&nbsp;2016 consisted of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
85
722
    

    
(18
678
    

    
67
044
    



ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 and&nbsp;2016 consisted of the following:




    



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




reconciliation above is a weighted average of the two separate taxable entities. As one entity has a loss and the other
has income
 the weighted average produces results that are skewed higher or lower than the individual components
 as such we
have presented the individual entity reconciliations. BROG&rsquo;s state income tax rate as of December 31
 2017 increased by 0.3% from 3.3%
as of December 31
 2016
 to 3.6%. This increase in the effective tax rate is attributable to changes in the Company&rsquo;s
state apportionment factors in the current year. BRAC&rsquo;s state income tax rate was 6.8% due as all of its income and
expenses were from Minnesota
 which has a higher tax rate.


and liabilities as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 and 2016 are as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
6
712
288
9
025
553

    
1
947
147
2
715
486

    
    
    

    
18
678
    

    
34
001
51
258

    
8
712
615
11
792
297

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
(3
731

    
    
(3
731

    
    
    

    
8
712
615
11
788
566

    
(8
693
937
(11
788
566

    
18
678
    






    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS


&nbsp;2017
BROG has a net operating loss carryover of approximately $26
449
110. Under existing Federal law
 the net operating loss
may be utilized to offset taxable income through the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2035. A portion of the net operating loss
carryover begins to expire in 2030.


a valuation allowance is recognized if
 based on the weight of available evidence
 it is more likely than not that some
portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. In 2017
 BROG decreased its valuation allowance from
$11
788
566 to $8
693
937 to adjust for the decrease in net deferred tax assets primarily due to the reduction in the federal
tax rate to 21% in 2018. The Company believes it is more likely than not that the benefit of these remaining assets will not
be realized by BROG. The Company did not place a valuation allowance on deferred tax asset for BRAC related to the unrealized
loss on marketable securities held in trust account. The Company believes it is more likely than not that the benefit of
these remaining assets will be realized by BRAC.


US Federal income tax returns and annual income tax returns for the states of Minnesota
 North Dakota and Montana. We are not subject
to income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2013 for all returns. Income taxing authorities have conducted no
formal examinations of our past federal or state income tax returns and supporting records.


provisions of ASC Topic 740 regarding uncertainty in income taxes. The Company has found no significant uncertain tax positions
as of any date on or before December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017.

Note 21 &ndash; Commitments
and Contingencies


administrative proceedings and litigation relating to matters arising in the normal course of business. The Company is not currently
a defendant in any material litigation and is not aware of any threatened litigation that could have a material effect on the Company.
Management is not able to estimate the minimum loss to be incurred
 if any
 as a result of the final outcome of the matters arising
in the normal course of business but believes they are not likely to have a material adverse effect upon the Company&rsquo;s financial
position or results of operations and
 accordingly
 no provision for loss has been recorded.


balances at banks in excess of federally insured amounts. The extent of loss
 if any
 to be sustained as a result of any future
failure of a bank or other financial institution is not subject to estimation at this time.




as advisors in connection with its Initial Business Combination to assist it in holding meetings with its shareholders to discuss
the potential business combination and the target business&rsquo; attributes
 introduce it to potential investors that are interested
in purchasing its securities
 assist it in obtaining shareholder approval for the business combination and assist it with its press
releases and public filings in connection with the business combination. BRAC will pay its underwriters a cash fee for such services
upon the consummation of its initial business combination in an amount equal to 3.5% of the gross proceeds of its offering (exclusive
of any applicable finders&rsquo; fees which might become payable).



The holders
of BROG&rsquo;s shares of BRAC issued and outstanding on the date of BRAC&rsquo;s Initial Public Offering
 as well as the holders
of the private units and any units BROG
 and its officers
 directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital
loans made to BRAC (and all underlying securities)
 are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement


to two demands that BRAC register such securities. The holders of the majority of the BROG&rsquo;s shares can elect to exercise
these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these shares of BRAC&rsquo;s common stock
are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the private units and units issued to BROG
 and its officers
 directors
or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration
rights at any time after BRAC consummates a business combination. In addition
 the holders have certain &ldquo;piggy-back&rdquo;
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. The
Company would bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Note 22 &ndash; Subsequent
Events


 2018
 the Board of Directors
(the &ldquo;Board&rdquo;) of the Company approved and adopted the Black Ridge Gas
 Inc. 2018 Management Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;)
and the form of 2018 Management Incentive Plan Award Agreement (the &ldquo;Award Agreement&rdquo;:).


Plan and Award Agreement
 the Board approved the issuance of awards (the &ldquo;Awards&rdquo;) to certain individuals including
officers and directors (the &ldquo;Grantees&rdquo;)
 representing a percentage of the shares of BRAC held by the Company as of
the date of closing of a business combination for the acquisition of a target business as described in the BRAC prospectus dated
October 4
 2017
 as follows:




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    







    
    













of disclosure controls and procedures that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
we file or furnish to the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosures.


&nbsp;2017
we carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined) in Exchange Act
Rules 13a &ndash;15(e). Based upon that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
 as
of the end of the period covered in this report
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
within the required time periods and is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


Officer and Chief Financial Officer do not expect that our disclosure controls or internal controls will prevent all error and
all fraud. Although our disclosure controls and procedures were designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives
and our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have determined that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective
at doing so
 a control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute assurance that
the objectives of the system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the Company
have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
 and that
breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally
 controls can be circumvented if there exists in an individual
a desire to do so. There can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions.

Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting.


for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule
13a-15(f). The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions
regardless of how remote. All internal control systems
 no matter how well designed
 have inherent limitations. Because of its
inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be
effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.


under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness
of our internal controls over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;31
 2017. In making this assessment
 our management
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in &ldquo;Internal Control
&mdash; Integrated Framework (2013).&rdquo; Based on this assessment
 management believes that
 as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017
our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting


changes in the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting through the date of this report or during the quarter
ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017
 that materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.





    
    


Independent Registered Accountant&rsquo;s
Internal Control Attestation


does not include an attestation report of the Company&rsquo;s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by the Company&rsquo;s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to applicable law.



























    
    




ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


officers and directors as of April 6
&nbsp;2018:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




Kenneth DeCubellis
has been our chief executive officer since November&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2011. Prior to joining Black Ridge
 Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis
was the president and chief executive officer of Altra Inc. 
a venture capital backed biofuels company based in Los Angeles
 California. He joined Altra in June&nbsp;2006 as vice president
business development and was promoted to president in November of 2007 and chief executive officer in February 2008. From 1996
to 2006
 he was an executive with Exxon Mobil Corp in Houston
 Texas. Mr. DeCubellis also previously served as the chairman of
KD Global Energy Belize Ltd.
 a company that provides technical and business services for petroleum lease holders in Belize. Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis
holds a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
 an MBA from Northwestern University&rsquo;s JL Kellogg
Graduate School of Management
 and a Masters of Engineering Management from Northwestern University&rsquo;s McCormick School of
Engineering.




Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis has been our chief executive officer since
                                                                                                              November&nbsp;9
 2011
 chief executive officer of Altra Inc. (2008 to 2011)
 vice president- president of Altra Inc. (2006 to
                                                                                                              2011)
 and an executive with Exxon Mobil Corp in Houston
 Texas. (1996 to 2006). Mr. DeCubellis has been chief executive
                                                                                                              officer and chairman of the board of directors of Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. since May 2017.

Industry experience - Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis has been our chief executive officer from
                                                                                                              November&nbsp;9
 2011 and has broad energy experience as
 chief executive officer of Altra Inc.
 a biofuel company
 and
                                                                                                              executive experience with Exxon Mobil Corp.

Education experience - Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Rensselaer Polytechnic
Institute (1990)
 an MBA from Northwestern University&rsquo;s JL Kellogg Graduate School of Management (1996)
 and a Masters of
Engineering Management from Northwestern University&rsquo;s McCormick School of Engineering (1996).


has been the chief operating officer of Black Ridge since August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2013
 and prior to that had served as the Company&rsquo;s
vice president of land since August&nbsp;2012
 overseeing the Company&rsquo;s acreage portfolio and managing acquisitions and divestitures.
Mr. Eisele brings over ten years of oil and gas lease experience in the Williston Basin and greater Rocky Mountain region. Prior
to joining the Company
 Mr. Eisele was the co-owner and landman of High West Resources
 Ltd. from 2011 to 2012
 the owner of Eisele
Resources LLC from 2009 to 2012
 and a self-employed landman from 2007 to 2009. Mr. Eisele is a graduate of Luther College (B.A.).




Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Eisele has been our chief operating officer since August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2013
and our vice president of land from August 2012 to July 2013
 co-owner and landman of High West Resources
 Ltd. (2011 to 2012)
owner of Eisele Resources LLC (2009 to 2012) and a self-employed landman (2007 to 2009). Mr. Eisele has been chief operating officer
of Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. since May 2017.

Industry experience - Mr.&nbsp;Eisele has been our chief operating officer from August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2013
and has over ten years of oil and gas lease experience in the Williston Basin and greater Rocky Mountain region.



 When Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis
became CEO of Altra Inc in 2008
 the company was in deep financial distress. Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis implemented a comprehensive corporate
wide restructuring effort that was completed in 2009. This included restructuring and eliminating all of the debt at Altra Inc
raising capital at Altra Inc and refocusing the strategy of the company on a technology license. As part of this restructuring
certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of Altra
 Inc. surrendered assets to lenders or entered in receivership.



    
    



has been the chief financial officer of Black Ridge since March&nbsp;14
&nbsp;2011. Mr.&nbsp;Moe had previously been the chief
financial officer of Northern Contours Inc.
 a multi-state manufacturing company located in Mendota Heights
 Minnesota specializing
in cabinet doors and work surfaces
 since August 2005. From January 2004 to August 2005
 he was the chief financial officer of
Trimodal Inc.
 a trucking and container handling company located in Bloomington
 Minnesota
 which operated in seven cities in the
Midwest and East Coast. From April 2000 to December 2003
 Mr. Moe was the corporate controller of Simondelivers.com
 a venture
capital backed start-up company located in Golden Valley
 Minnesota providing home delivery of groceries ordered over the internet.
From October 1994 to April 2000
 he was the corporate controller of Recovery Engineering Inc.
 a high growth publicly traded manufacturer
and distributor of small-scale water filters located in Brooklyn Park
 Minnesota. From November 1989 to October 1994
 Mr. Moe was
the controller of Standard Iron and Wire Works
 a privately held multi-division metal fabricator operating three plants in Minnesota.
Upon graduating from the University of Minnesota with a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting in 1985
 Mr. Moe worked as a senior
accountant until November 1989 for Boulay
 Heutmaker
 Zibell &amp; Company.




Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Moe has been our chief financial officer since March&nbsp;14
&nbsp;2011
chief financial officer of Northern Contours Inc. (2005 to 2011)
 and chief financial officer of Trimodal Inc. (2004 to 2005).
Mr. Eisele has been chief financial officer of Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. since May 2017.

Industry experience - Mr.&nbsp;Moe has been our chief financial officer since March&nbsp;14
&nbsp;2011
and has served as a chief financial officer for businesses in other industries. Black Ridge is the first oil and gas company for
which Mr. Moe has provided management services.

Education experience - Mr.&nbsp;Moe holds a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from the University
of Minnesota (1985).

Bradley Berman
has been a director of Black Ridge since our inception and our chairman since November&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2010. He was our chief
executive officer from November&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2010 to November&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2011
 our chief financial officer between November&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2010
and November&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2010
 and our corporate secretary from November&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2010 to February&nbsp;22
&nbsp;2011. Mr.
Berman has been a director of Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. since May 2017. Mr.&nbsp;Berman is the president of King Show Games
Inc.
 a company he founded in 1998. Mr.&nbsp;Berman has worked in various capacities in casino gaming from 1992 to 2004 for Grand
Casinos
&nbsp;Inc. and then Lakes Entertainment
&nbsp;Inc.
 achieving the position of Vice President of Gaming
 after which he
assumed a lesser role in that company. Mr. Berman was a director of Voyager Oil and Gas
&nbsp;Inc. (formerly Ante4 and WPT) from
August 2004 to November 2010.


 who
is one of our directors
 is Mr. Brad Berman&rsquo;s father.




Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Berman has been our chairman since November&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2010
and was our chief executive officer from November&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2010 to November&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2011 and he is the founder and president
of King Show Games
&nbsp;Inc.

Finance experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Berman is the founder and president of King Show Games
&nbsp;Inc.

Industry experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Berman was a director of Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
until November 2010 and has been a director of Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. since May 2017.

Education experience - Mr.&nbsp;Berman attended Mankato State University in Minnesota and University
of Nevada at Las Vegas in Nevada concentrating in business and computer science.

Benjamin S.
has been a director of Black Ridge since November&nbsp;16
&nbsp;2010
 and chairman of our audit committee and
compensation committee since February&nbsp;22

Windward Mark
 LLC which advises business owners with regard to strategic planning
 owner governance and education
 business
continuity
 legacy
 philanthropy and liquidity. Windward Mark LLC is a continuation of Mr. Oehler&rsquo;s consulting practice

 Inc.
 which he founded in 2007
 and served as president from 2007 to 2017. Bashaw Group is also
affiliated with a similar company
 Linea Capital
 LLC. Prior to founding Bashaw Group
 Mr. Oehler was from 1999 to 2007 the
president and chief executive officer of Waycrosse
 Inc.
 a financial advisory firm for the family owners of Cargill
Incorporated. While at Waycrosse
 Mr.&nbsp;Oehler was the primary advisor to the five family members who were serving on the
Cargill Incorporated board of directors from 1999 to 2006. Mr.&nbsp;Oehler played a key role in two major growth initiatives
for Cargill: the merger of Cargill&rsquo;s fertilizer business into a public company which is now Mosaic
&nbsp;Inc.
 and the
transformation of Cargill&rsquo;s proprietary financial markets trading group into two major investment management companies:
Black River Asset Management
 LLC and CarVal Investors
&nbsp;LLC. An investment banker for 20 years
Mr.&nbsp;Oehler&rsquo;s transaction experience includes public offerings and private placements of debt and
equity securities
 mergers and acquisitions
 fairness opinions and valuations of private companies. Prior to joining
Waycrosse
 Mr.&nbsp;Oehler was an investment banker for Piper Jaffray. By the time he left Piper Jaffray in 1999
 he was
group head for Piper&rsquo;s Industrial Growth Team. He has also played a leadership role in a number of corporate buy-outs
and venture stage companies
 served on corporate and non-profit boards of directors
 and has been involved in the creation
and oversight of foundations and charitable organizations
 as well as U.S. trusts and off-shore entities. Mr. Oehler has been
a director of Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. since May 2017.





    
    



has been a board member and founder of many non-profit organizations including the Minnesota Zoological Society
 Minnesota
Landscape Arboretum
 The Lake Country Land School
 Greencastle Tropical Study Center
 Park Nicollet Institute
 Afton
Historical Society Press
 United Theological Seminary and University of Minnesota Investment Advisor
 Inc. He has been a
director of Waycrosse
&nbsp;Inc.
 WayTrust Inc.
 Dain Equity Partners
 Inc.
 Time Management
 Inc.
BioNIR
&nbsp;Inc. and Agricultural Solutions
&nbsp;Inc. In September 2007
 Mr.&nbsp;Oehler completed the Stanford University
Law School Directors Forum
 a three-day update on key issues facing corporate directors presented by the Stanford Business
School and Stanford Law School. From 1984 through 1999
 Mr.&nbsp;Oehler was registered with the National Association of
Securities Dealers (&ldquo;NASD&rdquo;) as a financial principal. Mr.&nbsp;Oehler is a graduate of the University of
Minnesota College of Liberal Arts and has completed all course work at the University of Minnesota Business School with a
concentration in finance.




Windward
                                                                                                              Mark

 was the president of Bashaw Group
 Inc. (2007 to 2017)
 was the president and chief
                                                                                                              executive officer of Waycrosse
&nbsp;Inc. (1999 to 2007). He served as an investment banker for Piper Jaffray until 1999
                                                                                                              achieving the position of group head of its Industrial Growth Team.

Industry experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Oehler has been a director of Waycrosse
&nbsp;Inc.
 WayTrust&nbsp;Inc.
Dain Equity Partners
&nbsp;Inc.
 Time Management
&nbsp;Inc.
 BioNIR
&nbsp;Inc. and Agricultural Solutions
&nbsp;Inc.

Education experience - Mr.&nbsp;Oehler is a graduate of the University of Minnesota College of
Liberal Arts.

Joseph
 was appointed as a director of the Company to fill a newly-created directorship seat on August&nbsp;31
2012. Mr.&nbsp;Lahti is a Minneapolis native and leader in numerous Minnesota business and community organizations. As
principal of JL Holdings since 1989
 Mr.&nbsp;Lahti has provided funding and management leadership to several early-stage or
distressed companies. From 1993 to 2002
 he held the positions of chief operating officer
 president
 chief executive officer
and chairman at Shuffle Master
 Inc.
 a company that provided innovative products to the gaming industry. Mr.&nbsp;Lahti
served as Chairman of the Board of PokerTek
 Inc.
 a publicly traded company sold in October 2014
 and he is also an
independent director and Chairman of the Board of AFAM/Innealta. Within the past five years Mr.&nbsp;Lahti served on the
board of directors of Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 and more than five years ago Mr.&nbsp;Lahti served as the Chairman of
the Board of directors of Shuffle Master
 Inc. and served on the board of directors of Zomax
&nbsp;Inc. Through his public
company Board experience
 he has participated on
 and chaired

been a director of Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. since May 2017.




Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Lahti is a principal of JL Holdings (1989 to present). Mr.&nbsp;Lahti
serves as Chairman of AFAM Capital. He recently served as Chairman of the Board of PokerTek
&nbsp;Inc.
 a publicly traded company.
He served as chief executive officer and chairman of Shuffle Master
&nbsp;Inc.
 a publicly traded company (1997-2002).

Industry experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Lahti has participated as an independent director in several
public companies in a variety of other industries
 including serving as an independent director of Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
and serving as the compensation committee chair for Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. and Poker Tek
&nbsp;Inc. and compensation
committee member of Zomax&nbsp;Inc. and several private companies.

Education experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Lahti holds Bachelor of Arts degree in economics from Harvard
University.

Lyle
 was appointed as a director of the Company to fill a newly-created directorship seat on October 26
 2016 and was
appointed to our audit committee on December 12
 2016. Mr. Berman began his career with Berman Buckskin
 his family's leather business.
He helped grow the business into a major specialty retailer with 27 outlets. 
Buckskin to WJL Grace in 1979
 Mr. Berman continued as President and Chief Executive Officer and led the company to become one
the county's largest retail leather chains

 Mr. Berman participated
in the founding of Grand Casinos
 Inc. Mr. Berman is credited as one of the early visionaries in the development of casinos outside
of the traditional gaming markets of Las Vegas and Atlantic City. In less than five years
 the company opened eight casino resorts
in four states. In 1994
 Mr. Berman financed the initial development of Rainforest Cafe. He served as the Chairman and CEO from
1994 unti1 2000. In October 1995
 Mr. Berman was honored with the B'nai B'rith &quot;Great American Traditions Award.&quot; In
April 1996
 he received the Gaming Executive of the Year Award; in 2004
 Mr. Berman was inducted into the Poker Hall of Fame; and
in 2009
 he received the Casino Lifetime Achievement Award from Raving Consulting &amp; Casino Journal. In 1998
 Lakes Entertainment
Inc. was formed. 

In
2002
 as Chairman of the Board and CEO of Lakes Entertainment
 Inc.
 Mr. Berman was instrumental in creating the World Poker Tour.
Mr. Berman served as the Executive Chairman of the Board of WPT Enterprises
 Inc. (later known as Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and
Emerald Oil
 Inc.) from its inception in February 2002 until July 2013. Mr. Berman also served as a director of PokerTek
 Inc.
from January 2005 until October 2014

Berman has been a director of Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. since May 2017.





    
    



who is the chairman of our Board of Directors
 is Mr. Lyle Berman&rsquo;s son.


qualifications:


Mr. Berman served as Chairman of the Board
and CEO of Lakes Entertainment
 Inc. (1999-2015). He served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Grand Casinos
 Inc. (the
predecessor to Lakes) (1991-1998). He served as the Executive Chairman of the Board of WPT Enterprises
 Inc. (later known as Voyager
Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Emerald Oil
 Inc.) (2002-2013). He served as Chairman of the Board of PokerTek
 Inc. (2005-2011). He served
Chief Executive Officer of Rainforest Caf&eacute;
 Inc. (1994-2000).

 Inc.
 Redstone American Grill
 Inc.
 Black
Ridge Acquisition Corp.
 Augeo Affinity Marketing
 Inc.
 Poker52
 LLC
 LubeZone
 Inc.
 and Mill City Ventures
 Ltd.

He served as the Executive Chairman of the
Board of Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (later known as Emerald Oil
 Inc.) (2010-2013).

Mr. Berman holds a degree in Business Administration
from the University of Minnesota.


to make any specific amount or percentage of his business time available to us. Each of our officers intends to devote such amount
of his or her time to our affairs as is required or deemed appropriate.






have a standing nominating committee
 but rather the Board of Directors as a whole considers director nominees. The Board of Directors
has determined this is appropriate given the size of the Board of Directors and the Company&rsquo;s current size. The Board will
consider candidates suggested by its members
 other directors
 senior management and stockholders in anticipation of upcoming elections
and actual or expected board vacancies. The Board of Directors has not adopted a formal diversity policy or established specific
minimum criteria or qualifications because from time to time the needs of the Board and the Company may change. All candidates
including those recommended by stockholders
 are evaluated on the same basis in light of the entirety of their credentials and
the needs of the Board of Directors and the Company. Of particular importance is the candidate&rsquo;s wisdom
 integrity
 ability
to make independent analytical inquiries
 understanding of the business environment in which the Company operates
 as well as his
or her potential contribution to the diversity of the Board of Directors and his or her willingness to devote adequate time to
fulfill his or her duties as a director. The Board of Directors will consider director candidates recommended by the Company&rsquo;s
stockholders. Stockholders may recommend director candidates by contacting the Chairman of the Board as provided under the heading
&ldquo;Communications with the Board of Directors.&rdquo; The Company did not employ a search firm or pay fees to other third parties
in connection with seeking or evaluating board nominee candidates.




December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017
 the Board of Directors held four meetings
 the Audit Committee held four meetings
 and the Compensation
Committee held no meetings. Each of our elected Directors attended at least 75% of all meetings of the Board of Directors and the
committees on which he served during the year.




hold an annual meeting of stockholders in 2017. If the Company holds an annual meeting of stockholders in the future
 the Board
of Directors will encourage Directors to attend such annual meeting.




has no formal policy with respect to separation of the positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or with respect to whether
the Chairman should be a member of management or an independent director
 and believes that these are matters that should be discussed
and determined by the Board from time to time based on the position and direction of the Company and the membership of the Board.
The Board has determined that having Bradley Berman serve as Chairman is in the best interest of the Company&rsquo;s stockholders
at this time due to his extensive knowledge of the Company. Further
 the separation of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
positions allows the Chief Executive Officer to focus on the management of the Company&rsquo;s day-to-day operations.





    
    





believes that risk management is an important component of the Company&rsquo;s corporate strategy. The Board
 as a whole
 oversees
our risk management process
 and discusses and reviews with management major policies with respect to risk assessment and risk
management. The Board is regularly informed through its interactions with management and committee reports about risks we currently
face
 as well as the most likely areas of future risk
 in the course of our business including economic
 financial
 operational
legal and regulatory risks.




interested persons seeking to communicate directly with the Board of Directors
 the independent directors as a group or any of
the Audit or Compensation Committees of the Board of Directors
 should submit their written comments c/o Corporate Secretary at
our principal executive offices at 110 North Fifth Street
 Suite 410
 Minneapolis MN 55403 and should indicate in the address whether
the communication is intended for the Chairman of the Board
 the Independent Directors or a Committee Chair. The Chairman of the
Board will review any such communication at the next regularly scheduled Board of Directors meeting unless
 in his or her judgment
earlier communication to the Board of Directors is warranted.


the Board of Directors
 we reserve the right to screen all materials sent to its directors for potential security risks
 harassment
purposes or routine solicitations.




has adopted a Code of Ethics which applies to our directors
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and other Company
employees who perform similar functions.




Exchange Act requires the Company&rsquo;s directors
 executive officers and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class
of the Company&rsquo;s securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common
stock and other equity securities of the Company. Directors
 executive officers and greater than 10% stockholders are required
by SEC regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all Section&nbsp;16(a) reports they file. To our knowledge
 based solely
on the review of the copies of these forms furnished to us and representations that no other reports were required
 the Company
believes that all forms required to be filed under Section 16 of the Exchange Act for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017
were filed timely.






as a &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act and Item&nbsp;10 of Regulation
S-K. Accordingly
 and in accordance with relevant SEC rules and guidance
 we have elected
 with respect to the disclosures required
by Item 402 (Executive Compensation) of Regulation&nbsp;S-K
 to comply with the disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting
companies. The following Compensation Overview is not comparable to the &ldquo;Compensation Discussion and Analysis&rdquo; that
is required of SEC reporting companies that are not smaller reporting companies.


Overview describes the material elements of compensation for our executive officers identified in the Summary Compensation Table
(&ldquo;Named Executive Officers&rdquo;)
 and executive officers that we may hire in the future. As more fully described below
our board&rsquo;s compensation committee reviews and recommends policies
 practices
 and procedures relating to the total direct
compensation of our executive officers
 including the Named Executive Officers
 and the establishment and administration of certain
of our employee benefit plans to our board of directors.





    
    





is based on the premise of attracting
 retaining
 and motivating exceptional leaders
 setting high goals
 working toward the common
objectives of meeting the expectations of customers and stockholders
 and rewarding outstanding performance. Following this philosophy
we consider all relevant factors in determining executive compensation
 including the competition for talent
 our desire to link
pay with performance
 the use of equity to align executive interests with those of our stockholders
 individual contributions
teamwork
 and each executive&rsquo;s total compensation package. We strive to accomplish these objectives by compensating all executives
with compensation packages consisting of a combination of competitive base salary and incentive compensation.


by our Named Executive Officers is based primarily on the levels at which we can afford to retain them and their responsibilities
and individual contributions. Our compensation policy also reflects our strategy of minimizing general and administration expenses
and utilizing independent professional consultants. Our compensation committee and board of directors apply the compensation philosophy
and policies described below to determine the compensation of Named Executive Officers.


of the compensation and benefits we consider is to attract
 retain
 and motivate highly talented individuals who will engage in
the behavior necessary to enable us to succeed in our mission
 while upholding our values in a highly competitive marketplace.
Different elements are designed to engender different behaviors
 and the actual incentive amounts which may be awarded to each
Named Executive Officer are subject to the annual review of our compensation committee who will make recommendations regarding
compensation to our board of directors. The following is a brief description of the key elements of our planned executive compensation
structure.




Incentive compensation awards are designed to focus employees on the business objectives for a
particular year.

Equity incentive awards
 such as stock options and non-vested stock
 focus executives&rsquo; efforts
on the behaviors within the recipients&rsquo; control that they believe are designed to ensure our long-term success as reflected
in increases to our stock prices over a period of several years
 growth in our profitability and other elements.

Severance and change in control plans are designed to facilitate a company&rsquo;s ability to attract
and retain executives as we compete for talented employees in a marketplace where such protections are commonly offered.




benchmarking but may do so in the future. When making compensation decisions
 our compensation committee and board of directors
may compare each element of compensation paid to our Named Executive Officers against a report showing comparable compensation
metrics from a group that includes both publicly-traded and privately-held companies. Our board believes that while such peer group
benchmarks are a point of reference for measurement
 they are not necessarily a determining factor in setting executive compensation.
Each executive officer&rsquo;s compensation relative to the benchmark varies based on the scope of responsibility and time in the
position. We have not yet formally established our peer group for this purpose.






salaries are based on job responsibilities and individual contribution. Our compensation committee and board of directors review
the base salaries of our executive officers
 including our Named Executive Officers
 considering factors such as corporate progress
toward achieving objectives (without reference to any specific performance-related targets) and individual performance experience
and expertise. Other than the Change of Control Agreements described below
 none of our Named Executive Officers have employment
agreements with us. Additional factors reviewed by our compensation committee and board of directors in determining appropriate
base salary levels and raises include subjective factors related to corporate and individual performance. For the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016
all executive officer base salary decisions were approved by the board of directors.





    
    



determines and then recommends to the whole board base salaries for the Named Executive Officers at the beginning of each fiscal
year. The compensation committee proposes new base salary amounts
 if appropriate
 based on its evaluation of individual performance
and expected future contributions. The board of directors then approves base salary amounts for the fiscal year. In 2014
 we did
not have a 401(k) Plan. We put our 401K Plan in place for 2015
 but suspended matching contributions for 2016 and 2017
 except
those mandated by IRS rules. Compensation paid in cash is the only element of compensation that will be used in determining the
amount of contributions permitted under the 401(k) Plan.




has not yet recommended a formal compensation policy for the determination of bonuses
 however
 on December 12
&nbsp;2016
 our
board of directors granted to our Named Executive Officers bonuses consisting of a total of 2
154
000 non-qualified common stock
options to purchase common stock at $0.04 per share
 exercisable over 10 years
 vesting in three equal annual installments beginning
one year from the date of grant. No bonuses were granted in 2017.


industry conditions improve
 and bonuses become affordable and justifiable
 we expect to use the following parameters in justifying
and quantifying bonuses for our Named Executive Officers and other officers of the Company: (1) the growth in our revenue
 (2)
the growth in our earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization
 as adjusted (&ldquo;EBITDA&rdquo;)
 and (3) our
stock price. The board has not adopted specific performance goals and target bonus amounts
 but may do so in the future.




&nbsp;2010
as amended on February&nbsp;22
&nbsp;2011 and March&nbsp;2
&nbsp;2012
 our board of directors adopted the Amended and Restated
2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2012 Plan) under which a total of 7
500
000 shares of our common stock have been reserved for issuance
as restricted stock or pursuant to the grant and exercise of stock options. The 2012 Plan has been approved by the holders of a
majority of our outstanding shares.


 effective
December 12
 2016
 our board of directors adopted the 2016 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (the 2016 Plan) under which a total
of 3
813
500 shares of our common stock have been reserved for issuance pursuant to the grant and exercise of non-qualified stock
options.


awards motivate our employees to work to improve our business and stock price performance
 thereby further linking the interests
of our senior management and our stockholders. The board considers several factors in determining whether awards are granted to
an executive officer
 including those previously described
 as well as the executive&rsquo;s position
 his or her performance and
responsibilities
 and the amount of options or other awards
 if any
 currently held by the officer and their vesting schedule.
Our policy prohibits backdating options or granting them retroactively.




business we have benefits that are generally comparable to those offered by other small private and public companies and no prerequisites
for our employees. Other than a 401(k) Plan that we put in place at the beginning of 2015
 we do not have any other retirement
plan for our Named Executive Officers. We may adopt these plans and confer other fringe benefits for our executive officers in
the future.




employment agreements with our Named Executive Officers or any other executive officer or employee of the Company. However
 as
of the date of this filing
 we have entered into Change of Control Agreements (the &ldquo;CIC Agreements&rdquo;) with executives
Ken DeCubellis
 James Moe
 and Michael Eisele. The CIC Agreements provide that
 in the event that (i) the executive is terminated
other than for cause
 disability
 or death
 or (ii) there is a &ldquo;Change in Circumstances&rdquo;
 in either case within 12
months of a &ldquo;Change in Control
&rdquo; then the executive is entitled to receive his annual salary in regular distributions
over the course of the next 12 months
 to take part in the Company&rsquo;s health and dental group policies
 and to receive the
same employer contributions for health and dental coverage that the Company provides to its other executive employees as of the
executive&rsquo;s last day of employment with the Company.





    
    



CIC Agreements
 a &ldquo;Change in Control&rdquo; is broadly defined to include the acquisition by any person
 entity
 or group
of at least 33% of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding voting securities entitled to vote for the election of directors (excluding
equity offerings)
 a turnover of at least a majority of the board seats from the date of the Change in Control Agreement (subject
to exceptions for new board members who are approved by a majority of incumbent directors)
 and approval by our stockholders of
a major corporate transaction such as a sale of substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 liquidation or dissolution of
the Company
 or a merger or consolidation in which our stockholders hold 50% or less of the equity in the surviving entity.


Circumstances&rdquo; is defined by the Change in Control Agreements to include demotions or substantial changes in material duties
salary reductions that are not applied equally to other similarly situated executives
 required relocation to a destination more
than 50 miles away
 a substantial reduction in benefits and perquisites
 or any other material change in the terms and conditions
of the applicable executive&rsquo;s employment. In order for a Change in Circumstances to give rise to the Company&rsquo;s obligation
to provide severance and the benefits described above to an executive
 the executive must object to the Change in Circumstances
within 30 days of its occurrence.




sets forth the total compensation paid in all forms to our named executive officers of the Company during the periods indicated:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Kenneth T. DeCubellis

    
275
000
    
    
    
    
    
275
000

    
    
276
058
    
47
925
    
    
    
323
983

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Michael Eisele

    
187
000
    
    
    
    
    
187
000

    
    
187
719
    
19
903
    
    
    
207
622

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

James Moe

    
192
500
    
    
    
    
    
192
500

    
    
193
240
    
17
912
    
    
    
211
152

See Note&nbsp;16 of our audited
financial statements included herein for additional information on assumptions made in the valuation of option awards.




in Control Agreements described above
 we have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers to date.
We may enter into employment agreements with them in the future.





    
    





sets forth information with respect to unexercised stock options
 stock that has not vested
 and equity incentive plan awards held
by our executive officers at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017.




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Kenneth T. DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer
401
333
802
667
    
December 11
 2026

    
80
000
120
000
    
September&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2025

    
34
800
23
200
    
December&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2024

    
600
000
150
000
    
December&nbsp;11
&nbsp;2023

    
320
000
80
000
    
January&nbsp;23
&nbsp;2023

    
1
000
000
    
    
September&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2022

    
    
    
    
    

Michael Eisele
 Chief Operating Officer
166
667
333
333
    
December 11
 2026

    
80
000
120
000
    
September&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2025

    
24
000
16
000
    
December&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2024

    
200
000
50
000
    
December&nbsp;11
&nbsp;2023

    
132
000
33
000
    
July&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2023

    
132
000
33
000
    
January&nbsp;23
&nbsp;2023

    
150
000
    
    
August&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2022

    
    
    
    
    

James Moe
 Chief Financial Officer
150
000
300
000
    
December 11
 2026

    
60
000
90
000
    
September&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2025

    
24
000
16
000
    
December&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2024

    
160
000
40
000
    
December&nbsp;11
&nbsp;2023

    
92
000
23
000
    
January&nbsp;23
&nbsp;2023

    
500
000
    
    
September&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2022

    
200
000
    
    
November&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2021

Options granted on December
12
 2016
 vest in three equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next two anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.
Options granted on September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.
Options granted on December&nbsp;22
&nbsp;2014
vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.
Options granted on December&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2013
vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.
Options granted on January&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2013
vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.
Options granted on September&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2012
vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.
Options granted on August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2013
vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.
Options granted on August&nbsp;10
&nbsp;2012
vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.
Options granted on November&nbsp;2
&nbsp;2011
vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.





    
    





officers exercised any stock options or acquired stock through vesting of an equity award during the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017.




paid or accrued by us to our directors for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017.


has not yet recommended policy for board compensation
 however option awards have been granted to independent directors upon joining
the board. The Company has not paid cash fees to directors and has no formal compensation arrangements with its directors. While
there is no set policy regarding board compensation
 this may be subject to change by the directors.












    
    


ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31
 2018
 based on information obtained
from the persons named below or as filed with the SEC
 with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock by:
(i) each person who is known by us to own beneficially more than 5% of our common stock; (ii) each director; (iii) each named executive
officer; and (iv) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. On March 31
 2018
 we had 479
799
900 shares of common
stock outstanding.


below and elsewhere in this form
 the term &ldquo;beneficial ownership&rdquo; with respect to a security consists of sole or shared
voting power
 including the power to vote or direct the vote and/or sole or shared investment power
 including the power to dispose
or direct the disposition
 with respect to the security through any contract
 arrangement
 understanding
 relationship
 or otherwise
including a right to acquire such power(s) during the next 60 days following March 31
 2018. Inclusion of shares in the table does
not
 however
 constitute an admission that the named stockholder is a direct or indirect beneficial owner of those shares. Unless
otherwise indicated
 (i) each person or entity named in the table has sole voting power and investment power (or shares that power
with that person&rsquo;s spouse) with respect to all shares of capital stock listed as owned by that person or entity
 and (ii)
the address of each person or entity named in the table is c/o Black&nbsp;Ridge&nbsp;Oil&nbsp;&amp;&nbsp;Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 110 Fifth
Street North
 Suite&nbsp;410
 Minneapolis
 Minnesota&nbsp;55403.



Name
 Title and Address of Beneficial Owner
    
    

Bradley Berman
 Chairman of Board and Director
59
026
893
    

Ken DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer
46
756
416
    

Michael Eisele
 Chief Operating Officer
917
667
    

James Moe
 Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary
1
209
000
    

Joseph Lahti
 Director
7
191
469
    

Benjamin Oehler
 Director
8
595
293
    

Lyle Berman
 Director
65
442
663
    

    
189
139
401
    

    
        
        
        

 MN 55402
46
788
643
    

    
        
        
        

 MN 55402
46
385
143
    

    
        
        

 NV 89135
37
173
130
    

    

 Inc.
        

 MN 55391
30
094
032
    

    
        

 Suite C6

 NV 89119
25
000
000
    

    
        
        

 NY 10543
24
045
878
    







    
    


 Except as pursuant to
applicable community property laws
 the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all
shares of common stock beneficially owned. The total number of issued and outstanding shares and the total number of shares
owned by each person does not include unexercised warrants and stock options owned by parties other than for whom the
calculation is presented
 and is calculated as of March&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2018.
 Includes 340
000
shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options exercisable within 60 days of March 15
 2018
 7
122
290 shares held
by certain trusts for the children of Mr.&nbsp;Bradley Berman
 and 1
858
980 shares owned by Mr.&nbsp;Bradley Berman&rsquo;s
spouse.
 Includes 2
575
196
shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options and warrants exercisable within 60 days of March 15
 2018
 10
550
383
shares owned by Mr. Ken DeCubellis&rsquo; spouse and 19
687 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock warrants
exercisable within 60 days of March 15
 2018.
 Includes 887
667
shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options exercisable within 60 days of March 15
 2018.
 Includes 1
209
000
shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options exercisable within 60 days of March 15
 2018.
 Includes 491
250
shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options and warrants exercisable within 60 days of March 15
 2018 and 200
000
shares held by Mr. Lahti&rsquo;s spouse.
 Includes 580
000
shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options exercisable within 60 days of March 15
 2018 and 8
000
293 shares and
15
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to warrants held by Mr. Oehler&rsquo;s spouse.
 Includes 215
709
shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options and warrants exercisable within 60 days of March 15
 2018. Does not
include 37
173
130 shares held by trusts for the children of Mr.&nbsp;Lyle Berman
 for which Mr.&nbsp;Neil Sell and Mr. Gary
Raimist are co-trustees.
 Includes 15
000 shares
which may be purchased pursuant to stock warrants exercisable within 60 days of March 15
 2018 and includes an aggregate of
37
173
130 shares owned by certain trusts for the benefit of Mr.&nbsp;Lyle Berman&rsquo;s children
 for which Mr.&nbsp;Sell
is a co-trustee with Mr. Raimist. Does not include 180
000 shares held by Mr.&nbsp;Sell&rsquo;s spouse
 for which
Mr.&nbsp;Sell disclaims beneficial ownership.
 Includes 75
000
shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock warrants exercisable within 60 days of March 15
 2018 and 2
000
000 shares of
common stock owned by Mr. Fleck&rsquo;s spouse.
Includes 37
173
130 shares
owned by certain trusts for the benefit of Mr.&nbsp;Lyle Berman&rsquo;s children
 for which Mr.&nbsp;Raimist is a co-trustee with
Mr. Sell.
Perkins Capital
Management
 Inc. is an investment advisor with sole power dispose or to direct the disposition of the shares including 45
000
shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock warrants exercisable within 60 days of March 15
 2018.
 Includes 45
000
shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock warrants exercisable within 60 days of March 15
 2018.




    
    



ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE






 2016
we leased office space on a month to month basis where the lessor is an entity owned by our former CEO and current Chairman of
the Board of Directors
 Bradley Berman. Pursuant to the lease
 we occupied approximately 2
813 square feet of office space. We
terminated the lease concurrent with our move to another location on June 30
 2016. We paid a total of $36
183 to this entity during
the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016.


Company purchased 173
843
308 shares between the Rights Offering and as participants in the Backstop Agreement for $2
086
120
and received 179
376 warrants to purchase shares of common stock at $0.01 per share for their participation in the Backstop
Agreement.

Review and Approval of Transactions
with Related Persons


has adopted a related party transaction policy whereby any proposed transaction between the Company and any officer or director
any stockholder owning in excess of 5% of the Company&rsquo;s stock
 immediate family member of an officer or director
 or an entity
that is substantially owned or controlled by one of these individuals
 must be approved by a majority of the disinterested members
of the Audit Committee. The only exceptions to this policy are for transactions that are available to all employees of the Company
generally or involve less than $25
000. If the proposed transaction involves executive or director compensation
 it must be approved
by the Compensation Committee. Similarly
 if a significant opportunity is presented to any of the Company&rsquo;s officers or directors
such officer or director must first present the opportunity to the Board for consideration.


the Audit Committee
 the Audit Committee meets with the Company's management to discuss any proposed related party transactions.
A majority of disinterested members of the Audit Committee must approve a transaction for the Company to enter into it. If approved
management will update the Audit Committee with any material changes to the approved transaction at its regularly scheduled meetings.




currently quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. As such
 we are not currently subject to corporate governance standards of listed companies
which require
 among other things
 that the majority of the board of directors be independent. We are not currently subject to
corporate governance standards defining the independence of our directors
 and we have chosen to define an &ldquo;independent&rdquo;
director in accordance with the NASDAQ Global Market&rsquo;s requirements for independent directors. Our Board of Directors has
determined that each of our directors is &ldquo;independent&rdquo; in accordance with the NASDAQ Global Market&rsquo;s requirements.
Thus
 a majority of the current Board of Directors is independent.


will review at least annually the independence of each director. During these reviews
 our Board of Directors will consider transactions
and relationships between each director (and his or her immediate family and affiliates) and us and our management to determine
whether any such transactions or relationships are inconsistent with a determination that the director was independent. The Board
of Directors will conduct its annual review of director independence and to determine if any transactions or relationships exist
that would disqualify any of the individuals who then served as a director under the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market
 or require
disclosure under SEC rules.




PLLC (&ldquo;M&amp;K&rdquo;) was the Company&rsquo;s independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended
December&nbsp;31
 2017 and 2016 and has served the Company as its independent registered public accounting firm since our
inception.




presents fees for professional services rendered by M&amp;K for the audit of the Company&rsquo;s annual financial statements for
the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2017 and 2016.



    



    
    
    

    
28
750
70
350

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
700
8
300

    
33
450
78
650




    
    






    
    


Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval
of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


is responsible for appointing
 setting compensation for
 and overseeing the work of the Company&rsquo;s independent registered
public accounting firm. The Audit Committee has established a policy regarding pre-approval of all audit and permissible non-audit
services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm
 and all such services were approved by the Audit Committee
in the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 and&nbsp;2016.


assesses requests for services by the independent registered public accounting firm using several factors. The Audit Committee
will consider whether such services are consistent with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board&rsquo;s and SEC&rsquo;s rules
on auditor independence. In addition
 the Audit Committee will determine whether the independent registered public accounting firm
is best positioned to provide the most effective and efficient service based upon the members&rsquo; familiarity with the Company&rsquo;s
business
 people
 culture
 accounting systems
 risk profile and whether the service might enhance the Company&rsquo;s ability to
manage or control risk or improve audit quality.




of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in its general oversight of the Company&rsquo;s financial reporting
process. The Audit Committee&rsquo;s function is more fully described in its charter
 which can be found on the Company&rsquo;s
website at www.blackridgeoil.com. The Committee reviews the charter on an annual basis. The Board of Directors has determined that
each member of the Committee is independent in accordance with the NASDAQ Global Market&rsquo;s requirements for independent directors.
The Board of Directors has also determined that Benjamin Oehler qualifies as an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert&rdquo;
within the meaning of Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements
and reporting process. The independent registered public accounting firm is responsible for auditing those financial statements
and expressing an opinion on the fairness of the audited financial statements based on the audit conducted in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.


responsibilities set forth in its charter
 the Audit Committee has:



    
Reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 with management and M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC
 the Company&rsquo;s independent auditors;




    
Discussed with M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC the matters required to be discussed by Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) Auditing Standard No.&nbsp;16 (Communication with Audit Committee); and




    
Received the written disclosures and the letter from M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC required by the applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC&rsquo;s communications with the audit committee concerning independence
 and has discussed with M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC its independence.



also considered
 as it determined appropriate
 tax matters and other areas of financial reporting and the audit process over which
the Audit Committee has oversight.


review and discussions described above
 the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited financial statements
be included in the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2017 for filing
with the SEC.



    

    

Benjamin Oehler
 

    

    








    
    




ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES





    
    

    
Distribution Agreement by and between Ante4
&nbsp;Inc. (now Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.) and Ante5
 Inc. (now Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.)
 dated April&nbsp;16
 2010
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commissioner by Voyager
    Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on April&nbsp;19
 2010)

    
    

    

(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Form 8-K filed
    with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on April&nbsp;3
 2012)

    
    

    
Plan and Agreement of Merger by and between Black Ridge Oil
    &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 dated December&nbsp;10
 2012
    Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
    on December 12
 2012)

    
    

    
 (incorporated by reference to     Exhibit&nbsp;3.1     of the Form 8-K filed with the
    Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on     December 12
 2012)

    
    

    
    
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;3.2 of the     Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black
    Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on December 12
 2012)

    
    

    
Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. 2012 Amended and Restated
    Stock Incentive Plan
    Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on April 6
 2012)

    
    

    
Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas Amendment of 2012 Stock Incentive
    Plan
    Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on September 27
 2012)

    
    

    
 (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit&nbsp;10.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
    on September&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2012)

    
    

    
 (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit&nbsp;99.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
    on December 14
 2016)

    
    

    
 (incorporated by
    reference to Exhibit&nbsp;99.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp;
    Gas
 Inc. on December 14
 2016)

    
    

    
Form of Voting Agreement used in connection with our private
    placement which closed on December 16
 2010
    with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
 Inc. on August 22
 2011)

    
    

    
Subscription
    Agreement dated April&nbsp;13
 2010
 by and     between Ante4
&nbsp;Inc. and Ante5
 Inc.
    to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 10-12G Registration     Statement filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission on April 23
 2010)

    
    

    
Agreement
    and Plan of Merger by and between Ante4
 Inc.
&nbsp;Inc.)
 Plains Energy Acquisition Corp.
    and Plains Energy Investments
&nbsp;Inc. (incorporated     by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the
    Securities and Exchange Commissioner by Voyager Oil &amp;     Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on April&nbsp; 9
 2010)

    
    

    
Asset
    Purchase Agreement dated August&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2009 by and among Peerless Media
&nbsp;Ltd. and WPT Enterprises
    Inc.
    by Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on August&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2009)

    
    

    
Guaranty
    Agreement dated August&nbsp;24
 2009 made by ElectraWorks&nbsp;Ltd. In favor of WPT Enterprises
 Inc.
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;2.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities     and Exchange Commission by
    Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on August&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2009)

    
    

    
Form of Indemnification Agreement
    with Officers and Directors
    Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on March 24
 2013)

    
    
    







    
    




    
    
 dated
    April 5
 2013
     by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Ken DeCubellis (incorporated by
    reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 of     the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge
    Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on April 5
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
 dated
    April 5
 2013
     by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and James Moe (incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit 10.2 of the Report     on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp;
    Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on April 5
 2013)

    
    
    

    
Change
    of Control Agreemen
 dated August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2013
     by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. and Michael
    Eisele (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.3 of     the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on August 1
 2013)

    
    
    

    
Limited Liability Company Agreement of
    Merced Black Ridge
 LLC dated July&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Report on Form 10-Q
    filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on November 12
 2015)

    
    
    

    
Management Services Agreement dated July&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2015
    by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Merced Black Ridge
 LLC
    Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on November 12
 2015)

    
    
    

    
Limited Liability Company Agreement of
    Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC dated June&nbsp;21
 2016
    Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on August 15
 2016)

    
    
    

    
Management Services Agreement dated June&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2016
    by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC
    10.4 of the Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on August
    15
 2016)

    
    
    

    
Standby Purchase Agreement
 dated as of
    May 23
 2017
 by and among Black Ridge Oil and Gas
 Inc. and the Investors named therein
    10.10 of the Report on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on May
    23
 2017)

    
    
    

    
Amendment
    to Standby Purchase Agreement
     dated as of September 22
 2017 by and among Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and the
    Investors
    Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil     &amp; Gas
 Inc. on September 26
 2017)

    
    
    

    
Assignment Agreement
 dated October 2
    2017
 by and among Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 Chambers Energy Capital II
 LP and CEC II TE
 LLC
    to Exhibit 10.12 on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on December
    12
 2017)

    
    
    

    
Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. 2018 Management
    Incentive Plan
    Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on March 6
 2018)

    
    
    

    
    
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by
    Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on March 6
 2018)

    
    
    

    
Registration Rights Agreement
 dated October 4
 2017
 by and among Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. and Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.

    
    
    

    
Administrative Services Agreement
 dated October 4
 2017
 by and among Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. and Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.

    
    

    
Warrant Agreement
 dated October 4
 2017
 between Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company.

    
    

    
Rights Agreement
 dated October 4
 2017
 between Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company.

    
    

    
Form of Unit Purchase Option between Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. and EarlyBirdCapital
 Inc.

    
    

    
Form of Letter Agreement from each of Black Ridge Acquisition Corp.&rsquo;s sponsor
 officers and directors.

    
    

    
    
&nbsp;
 2017
 between Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company.

    
    








    
    




    
Stock Escrow Agreement
 dated October 4
 2017
 by and among Black Ridge Acquisition Corp.
 Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company and Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.

    
    

    
Form of Promissory Note issued by Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. to Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.

    
    
    

    
Power of Attorney (including on signature
    pages)

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    








    
    






of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.




Dated: April 12
 2018
BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Kenneth DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)







members of the Board of Directors of BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 Inc.
 whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints
each of James Moe or Kenneth DeCubellis
 such person&rsquo;s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution
and resubstitution for such person and in such name
 place and stead
 in any and all capacities
 to sign the Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31
 2017 (the &ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;) of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and any or all amendments to
such Annual Report
 and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities
and Exchange Commission
 granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every
act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises
 as fully to all intents and purposes as such person
might or could do in person
 hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent
 or his substitute or substitutes
may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.


of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed
by the following persons in the capacities indicated on the dates indicated.





    
Dated:
    April 12
 2018

Kenneth DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer 
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

/s/
    James Moe
Dated:
    April 12
 2018

James Moe
 Chief Financial Officer 
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Dated:
    April 12
 2018

Bradley Berman
 Director
    

    
    

    
    

    
Dated:
    April 12
 2018

Lyle Berman
 Director
    

    
    

    
    

    
Dated:
    April 12
 2018

Joseph Lahti
 Director
    

    
    

    
    

    
Dated:
    April 12
 2018

Benjamin Oehler
 Director
    







    



















     




REGISTRATION
RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS
 day of October
2017
 by and among Black Ridge Acquisition Corp.
&rdquo;)
 and the undersigned
parties listed under Investors on the signature page hereto (each
&rdquo; and collectively
 the
&ldquo;

WHEREAS
the Investors and the Company desire to enter into this Agreement to provide the Investors with certain rights relating to the
registration of the securities held by them as of the date hereof;

NOW
THEREFORE
 in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein
 and for other good and valuable consideration
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged
 the parties hereto agree as follows:

.
The following capitalized terms used herein have the following meanings:

&rdquo;
means this Agreement
 as amended
 restated
 supplemented
 or otherwise modified from time to time.

Business
&rdquo; means the acquisition of direct or indirect ownership through a merger
 share exchange
 asset acquisition
stock purchase
 recapitalization
 reorganization or other similar type of transaction
 of one or more businesses or entities having
a collective fair market value of at least 80% of the balance in the Company&rsquo;s trust account at the time of the execution
of a definitive agreement for such transaction.

&rdquo;
means the Securities and Exchange Commission
 or any other federal agency then administering the Securities Act or the Exchange
Act.

Common
&rdquo; means the common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 of the Company.

&rdquo;
is defined in the preamble to this Agreement.

Demand
Registration

Demanding
Holder

Exchange
&rdquo; means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated
thereunder
 all as the same shall be in effect at the time.

Form
S-3

Indemnified
Party

Indemnifying
Party



    
    


&rdquo;
is defined in the preamble to this Agreement.

Investor
Indemnified Party

Maximum
Number of Shares

&rdquo;
is defined in Section 6.3.

Piggy-Back
Registration

Private
&rdquo; means the up to 445
000 Units the Investors may be purchasing privately simultaneously with the consummation
of the Company&rsquo;s initial public offering.


&rdquo;
&rdquo; mean a registration effected by preparing
and filing a registration statement or similar document in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act
 and the applicable
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder
 and such registration statement becoming effective.

Registrable
&rdquo; means (i) all of the shares of Common Stock beneficially owned or held by Investors prior to the consummation
of the Company&rsquo;s initial public offering
 (ii) all of the Private Units (and underlying securities)
 and (iii) all of the
Working Capital Units (and underlying securities). Registrable Securities include any warrants
 shares of capital stock or other
securities of the Company issued as a dividend or other distribution with respect to or in exchange for or in replacement of such
shares of Common Stock
 Private Units (and underlying securities) and Working Capital Units (and underlying securities). As to
any particular Registrable Securities
 such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities when: (a) a Registration Statement
with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act and such securities shall have
been sold
 transferred
 disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration Statement; (b) such securities shall have
been otherwise transferred
 new certificates for them not bearing a legend restricting further transfer shall have been delivered
by the Company and subsequent public distribution of them shall not require registration under the Securities Act; (c) such securities
shall have ceased to be outstanding; or (d) such securities are freely saleable under Rule 144 without volume limitations.

Registration
&rdquo; means a registration statement filed by the Company with the Commission in compliance with the Securities
Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder for a public offering and sale of Common Stock (other than a registration
statement on Form S-4 or Form S-8
 or their successors
 or any registration statement covering only securities proposed to be
issued in exchange for securities or assets of another entity).

Release
&rdquo; means the date on which shares of Common Stock are disbursed from escrow pursuant to Section 3 of that certain
Stock Escrow Agreement dated as of October 4
 2017 by and among the parties hereto and Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust
Company.

Rule
144



    
    


Securities
&rdquo; means the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder
all as the same shall be in effect at the time.

&rdquo;
means a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable Securities as principal in an underwritten offering and not as part of
such dealer&rsquo;s market-making activities.

Working
&rdquo; means any Units held by Investors
 officers or directors of the Company or their affiliates which
may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to the Company.

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS

Demand
Registration

Request
for Registration
with respect to the Private Units (or underlying securities) and Working Capital Units (or underlying securities) or (ii) three
months prior to the Release Date with respect to all other Registrable Securities
 the holders of a majority-in-interest of such
Private Units (or underlying securities)
 Working Capital Units (or underlying securities) or other Registrable Securities
 as
the case may be
 held by the Investors
 officers or directors of the Company or their affiliates
 or the transferees of the Investors
may make a written demand for registration under the Securities Act of all or part of their Private Units (or underlying securities)
Working Capital Units (or underlying securities) or other Registrable Securities
&rdquo;).
Any demand for a Demand Registration shall specify the number of Registrable Securities proposed to be sold and the intended method(s)
of distribution thereof. The Company will within 10 days of the Company&rsquo;s receipt of the Demand Registration notify all
holders of Registrable Securities of the demand
 and each holder of Registrable Securities who wishes to include all or a portion
of such holder&rsquo;s Registrable Securities in the Demand Registration (each such holder including shares of Registrable Securities
in such registration
&rdquo;) shall so notify the Company within ten (10) days after the
receipt by the holder of the notice from the Company. Upon any such request
 the Demanding Holders shall be entitled to have their
Registrable Securities included in the Demand Registration
 subject to Section 2.1.4 and the provisos set forth in Section 3.1.1.
The Company shall not be obligated to effect more than an aggregate of two (2) Demand Registrations under this Section 2.1.1 in
respect of all Registrable Securities.

Effective
Registration
with respect to such Demand Registration has been declared effective and the Company has complied with all of its obligations
under this Agreement with respect thereto; provided
 however
 that if
 after such Registration Statement has been declared effective
the offering of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Demand Registration is interfered with by any stop order or injunction of
the Commission or any other governmental agency or court
 the Registration Statement with respect to such Demand Registration
will be deemed not to have been declared effective
 unless and until
 (i) such stop order or injunction is removed
 rescinded
or otherwise terminated
 and (ii) a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders thereafter affirmatively elect to continue the
offering and notify the Company in writing
 but in no event later than five (5) days of such election; provided
 further
 that
the Company shall not be obligated to file a second Registration Statement until a Registration Statement that has been filed
is counted as a Demand Registration or is terminated.



    
    


Underwritten
Offering
written demand for a Demand Registration
 the offering of such Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration shall
be in the form of an underwritten offering. In such event
 the right of any holder to include its Registrable Securities in such
registration shall be conditioned upon such holder&rsquo;s participation in such underwriting and the inclusion of such holder&rsquo;s
Registrable Securities in the underwriting to the extent provided herein. All Demanding Holders proposing to distribute their
securities through such underwriting shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter or Underwriters
selected for such underwriting by a majority-in-interest of the holders initiating the Demand Registration.

Reduction
of Offering
advises the Company and the Demanding Holders in writing that the dollar amount or number of shares of Registrable Securities
which the Demanding Holders desire to sell
 taken together with all other shares of Common Stock or other securities which the
Company desires to sell and the shares of Common Stock
 if any
 as to which registration has been requested pursuant to written
contractual piggy-back registration rights held by other stockholders of the Company who desire to sell
 exceeds the maximum dollar
amount or maximum number of shares that can be sold in such offering without adversely affecting the proposed offering price
the timing
 the distribution method
 or the probability of success of such offering (such maximum dollar amount or maximum number
of shares
 as applicable
&rdquo;)
 then the Company shall include in such registration:
(i) first
 the Registrable Securities as to which Demand Registration has been requested by the Demanding Holders (pro rata in
accordance with the number of shares that each such Person has requested be included in such registration
 regardless of the number
&rdquo;)) that can be
sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (ii) second
 to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been
reached under the foregoing clause (i)
 the shares of Common Stock or other securities that the Company desires to sell that can
be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (iii) third
 to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been
reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii)
 the shares of Common Stock or other securities registrable pursuant to the terms
of the Unit Purchase Option issued to EarlyBirdCapital
 Inc. or its designees in connection with the Company&rsquo;s initial public
&rdquo; and such registrable securities
&rdquo;)
as to which &ldquo;piggy-back&rdquo; registration has been requested by the holders thereof
 Pro Rata
 that can be sold without
exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and (iv) fourth
 to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares have not been reached
under the foregoing clauses (i)
 (ii)
 and (iii)
 the shares of Common Stock or other securities for the account of other persons
that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to written contractual arrangements with such persons and that can be sold
without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares.



    
    


.
If a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders disapprove of the terms of any underwriting or are not entitled to include
all of their Registrable Securities in any offering
 such majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders may elect to withdraw
from such offering by giving written notice to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters of their request to withdraw prior
to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such Demand Registration. If the
majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders withdraws from a proposed offering relating to a Demand Registration
 then such
registration shall not count as a Demand Registration provided for in this Section 2.1.

Piggy-Back
Registration

Piggy-Back
Rights
Registration Statement under the Securities Act with respect to an offering of equity securities
 or securities or other obligations
exercisable or exchangeable for
 or convertible into
 equity securities
 by the Company for its own account or for stockholders
of the Company for their account (or by the Company and by stockholders of the Company including
 without limitation
 pursuant
to Section 2.1)
 other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with any employee stock option or other benefit plan
(ii) for an exchange offer or offering of securities solely to the Company&rsquo;s existing stockholders
 (iii) for an offering
of debt that is convertible into equity securities of the Company or (iv) for a dividend reinvestment plan
 then the Company shall
(x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities as soon as practicable but in no event
less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date
 which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be
included in such offering
 the intended method(s) of distribution
 and the name of the proposed managing Underwriter or Underwriters
if any
 of the offering
 and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the
sale of such number of shares of Registrable Securities as such holders may request in writing within five (5) days following
&rdquo;). The Company shall
 in good faith
 cause such Registrable
Securities to be included in such registration and shall use its best efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters
of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to be included in a Piggy-Back Registration
on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of such
Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All holders of Registrable Securities
proposing to distribute their securities through a Piggy-Back Registration that involves an Underwriter or Underwriters shall
enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter or Underwriters selected for such Piggy-Back Registration.

Reduction
of Offering
advises the Company and the holders of Registrable Securities in writing that the dollar amount or number of shares of Common
Stock which the Company desires to sell
 taken together with shares of Common Stock
 if any
 as to which registration has been
demanded pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with persons or entities other than the holders of Registrable
Securities hereunder
 the Registrable Securities as to which registration has been requested under this Section 2.2
 and the shares
of Common Stock
 if any
 as to which registration has been requested pursuant to the written contractual piggy-back registration
rights of other stockholders of the Company
 exceeds the Maximum Number of Shares
 then the Company shall include in any such
registration:



    
    


a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;If
the registration is undertaken for the Company&rsquo;s account: (A) the shares of Common Stock or other securities that the Company
desires to sell that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (B) to the extent that the Maximum Number of
Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A)
 the shares of Common Stock or other securities
 if any
 comprised
of Registrable Securities
 as to which registration has been requested pursuant to the applicable written contractual piggy-back
registration rights of such security holders
 Pro Rata
 that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and (C)
to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B)
 the shares of Common
Stock or other securities for the account of other persons that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to written contractual
piggy-back registration rights with such persons and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and

b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;If
the registration is a &ldquo;demand&rdquo; registration undertaken at the demand of holders of Option Securities
 (A) first
 the
shares of Common Stock or other securities for the account of the demanding persons
 Pro Rata
 that can be sold without exceeding
the Maximum Number of Shares; (B) second
 to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing
clause (A)
 the shares of Common Stock or other securities that the Company desires to sell that can be sold without exceeding
the Maximum Number of Shares; (C) third
 to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing
clauses (A) and (B)
 the shares of Registrable Securities
 Pro Rata
 as to which registration has been requested pursuant to the
terms hereof
 that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and (D) fourth
 to the extent that the Maximum
Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A)
 (B) and (C)
 the shares of Common Stock or other securities
for the account of other persons that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to written contractual arrangements with such
persons
 that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and

c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
If the registration is a &ldquo;demand&rdquo; registration undertaken at the demand of persons other than either the holders of
Registrable Securities or of Option Securities
 (A) first
 the shares of Common Stock or other securities for the account of the
demanding persons that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (B) second
 to the extent that the Maximum
Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A)
 the shares of Common Stock or other securities that the
Company desires to sell that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (C) third
 to the extent that the Maximum
Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B)
 collectively the shares of Common Stock or other
securities comprised of Registrable Securities and Option Securities
 Pro Rata
 as to which registration has been requested pursuant
to the terms hereof and of the Unit Purchase Option
 as applicable
 that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares;
and (D) fourth
 to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A)
 (B) and
(C)
 the shares of Common Stock or other securities for the account of other persons that the Company is obligated to register
pursuant to written contractual arrangements with such persons
 that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares



    
    


.
Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holder&rsquo;s request for inclusion of Registrable Securities
in any Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making
a demand pursuant to written contractual obligations) may withdraw a registration statement at any time prior to the effectiveness
of the Registration Statement. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal
 the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders
of Registrable Securities in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 3.3.

Unlimited
Piggy-Back Registration Rights
 any registration effected pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof shall not
be counted as a registration pursuant to a Demand Registration effected under Section 2.1 hereof.

Registrations
on Form S-3
 request in writing that the Company
register the resale of any or all of such Registrable Securities on Form S-3 or any similar short-form registration which may
&rdquo;); provided
 however
 that the Company shall not be obligated to
effect such request through an underwritten offering. Upon receipt of such written request
 the Company will promptly give written
notice of the proposed registration to all other holders of Registrable Securities
 and each holder of Registrable Securities
who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion of such holder&rsquo;s Registrable Securities in such registration shall so
notify the Company
 in writing
 within ten (10) days after the receipt by the holder of the notice from the Company
 and
 as soon
as practicable thereafter but not more than twelve (12) days after the Company&rsquo;s initial receipt of such written request
for a registration
 effect the registration of all or such portion of such holder&rsquo;s or holders&rsquo; Registrable Securities
as are specified in such request
 together with all or such portion of the Registrable Securities or other securities of the Company
if any
 of any other holder or holders joining in such request; provided
 however
 that the Company shall not be obligated to
effect any such registration pursuant to this Section 2.3 if: (i) Form S-3 is not available for such offering; or (ii) the holders
of the Registrable Securities
 together with the holders of any other securities of the Company entitled to inclusion in such
registration
 propose to sell Registrable Securities and such other securities (if any) at any aggregate price to the public of
less than $500
000. Registrations effected pursuant to this Section 2.3 shall not be counted as Demand Registrations effected
pursuant to Section 2.1.



    
    


REGISTRATION
PROCEDURES

Filings;
Information
2
 the Company shall use its best efforts to effect the registration and sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with
the intended method(s) of distribution thereof as expeditiously as practicable
 and in connection with any such request:

Filing
Registration Statement
 as expeditiously as possible and in any event within sixty (60) days after receipt
of a request for a Demand Registration pursuant to Section 2.1
 prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement
on any form for which the Company then qualifies or which counsel for the Company shall deem appropriate and which form shall
be available for the sale of all Registrable Securities to be registered thereunder in accordance with the intended method(s)
of distribution thereof
 and shall use its best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become and remain effective for
the period required by Section 3.1.3; provided
 however
 that the Company shall have the right to defer any Demand Registration
for up to thirty (30) days
 and any Piggy-Back Registration for such period as may be applicable to deferment of any demand registration
to which such Piggy-Back Registration relates
 in each case if the Company shall furnish to the holders a certificate signed by
the Chairman of the Board of Directors or President of the Company stating that
 in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors
of the Company
 it would be materially detrimental to the Company and its stockholders for such Registration Statement to be effected
at such time; provided further
 however
 that the Company shall not have the right to exercise the right set forth in the immediately
preceding proviso more than once in any 365-day period in respect of a Demand Registration hereunder.

.
The Company shall
 prior to filing a Registration Statement or prospectus
 or any amendment or supplement thereto
 furnish without
charge to the holders of Registrable Securities included in such registration
 and such holders&rsquo; legal counsel
 copies of
such Registration Statement as proposed to be filed
 each amendment and supplement to such Registration Statement (in each case
including all exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein)
 the prospectus included in such Registration
Statement (including each preliminary prospectus)
 and such other documents as the holders of Registrable Securities included
in such registration or legal counsel for any such holders may request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable
Securities owned by such holders.

Amendments
and Supplements
 including post-effective amendments
and supplements to such Registration Statement and the prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep such
Registration Statement effective and in compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act until all Registrable Securities
and other securities covered by such Registration Statement have been disposed of in accordance with the intended method(s) of
distribution set forth in such Registration Statement (which period shall not exceed the sum of one hundred eighty (180) days
plus any period during which any such disposition is interfered with by any stop order or injunction of the Commission or any
governmental agency or court) or such securities have been withdrawn.



    
    


.
After the filing of a Registration Statement
 the Company shall promptly
 and in no event more than two (2) business days after
such filing
 notify the holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement of such filing
 and shall further
notify such holders promptly and confirm such advice in writing in all events within two (2) business days of the occurrence of
any of the following: (i) when such Registration Statement becomes effective; (ii) when any post-effective amendment to such Registration
Statement becomes effective; (iii) the issuance or threatened issuance by the Commission of any stop order (and the Company shall
take all actions required to prevent the entry of such stop order or to remove it if entered); and (iv) any request by the Commission
for any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement or any prospectus relating thereto or for additional information
or of the occurrence of an event requiring the preparation of a supplement or amendment to such prospectus so that
 as thereafter
delivered to the purchasers of the securities covered by such Registration Statement
 such prospectus will not contain an untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading
 and promptly make available to the holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement
any such supplement or amendment; except that before filing with the Commission a Registration Statement or prospectus or any
amendment or supplement thereto
 including documents incorporated by reference
 the Company shall furnish to the holders of Registrable
Securities included in such Registration Statement and to the legal counsel for any such holders
 copies of all such documents
proposed to be filed sufficiently in advance of filing to provide such holders and legal counsel with a reasonable opportunity
to review such documents and comment thereon
 and the Company shall not file any Registration Statement or prospectus or amendment
or supplement thereto
 including documents incorporated by reference
 to which such holders or their legal counsel shall reasonably
object.

Securities
Laws Compliance
Registration Statement under such securities or &ldquo;blue sky&rdquo; laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the
holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan of distribution) may
request and (ii) take such action necessary to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be registered
with or approved by such other governmental authorities or securities exchanges
 including the Nasdaq Capital Market
 as may be
necessary by virtue of the business and operations of the Company and do any and all other acts and things that may be necessary
or advisable to enable the holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement to consummate the disposition
of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions; provided
 however
 that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally
to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this paragraph or subject itself
to taxation in any such jurisdiction.

Agreements
for Disposition
 if applicable
 an underwriting agreement in
customary form) and take such other actions as are reasonably required in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of such
Registrable Securities. The representations
 warranties and covenants of the Company in any underwriting agreement which are made
to or for the benefit of any Underwriters
 to the extent applicable
 shall also be made to and for the benefit of the holders
of Registrable Securities included in such registration statement. No holder of Registrable Securities included in such registration
statement shall be required to make any representations or warranties in the underwriting agreement except as reasonably requested
by the Underwriters and
 if applicable
 with respect to such holder&rsquo;s organization
 good standing
 authority
 title to Registrable
Securities
 lack of conflict of such sale with such holder&rsquo;s material agreements and organizational documents
 and with
respect to written information relating to such holder that such holder has furnished in writing expressly for inclusion in such
Registration Statement.



    
    


.
The principal executive officer of the Company
 the principal financial officer of the Company
 the principal accounting officer
of the Company and all other officers and members of the management of the Company shall cooperate fully in any offering of Registrable
Securities hereunder
 which cooperation shall include
 without limitation
 the preparation of the Registration Statement with
respect to such offering and all other offering materials and related documents
 and participation in meetings with Underwriters
attorneys
 accountants and potential investors.

.
The Company shall make available for inspection by the holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement
any Underwriter participating in any disposition pursuant to such registration statement and any attorney
 accountant or other
professional retained by any holder of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement or any Underwriter
 all
financial and other records
 pertinent corporate documents and properties of the Company
 as shall be necessary to enable them
to exercise their due diligence responsibility
 and cause the Company&rsquo;s officers
 directors and employees to supply all
information requested by any of them in connection with such Registration Statement.

Opinions
and Comfort Letters
a signed counterpart
 addressed to such holder
 of (i) any opinion of counsel to the Company delivered to any Underwriter and
(ii) any comfort letter from the Company&rsquo;s independent public accountants delivered to any Underwriter. In the event no
legal opinion is delivered to any Underwriter
 the Company shall furnish to each holder of Registrable Securities included in
such Registration Statement
 at any time that such holder elects to use a prospectus
 an opinion of counsel to the Company to
the effect that the Registration Statement containing such prospectus has been declared effective and that no stop order is in
effect.

Earnings
Statement
 and
make available to its stockholders
 as soon as reasonably practicable
 an earnings statement covering a period of twelve (12)
months
 beginning within three (3) months after the effective date of the registration statement
 which earnings statement shall
satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder.

.
The Company shall use its best efforts to cause all Registrable Securities included in any registration to be listed on such exchanges
or otherwise designated for trading in the same manner as similar securities issued by the Company are then listed or designated
or
 if no such similar securities are then listed or designated
 in a manner satisfactory to the holders of a majority of the
Registrable Securities included in such registration.



    
    


Transfer
Agent
 as applicable
 and registrar for all such Registrable
Securities no later than the effective date of the registration statement.

.
The Company shall notify the holders at any time when a prospectus relating to such registration statement is required to be delivered
under the Securities Act
 of the happening of any event as a result of which the prospectus included in such registration statement
as then in effect
 includes an untrue statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated
in a registration statement or prospectus
 or necessary to make the statements therein in the light of the circumstances under
which they were made not misleading (a &ldquo;Misstatement&rdquo;)
 and then to correct such Misstatement.

Obligation
to Suspend Distribution
Section 3.1.4(iv)
 or
 in the case of a resale registration on Form S-3 pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof
 upon any suspension by
the Company
 pursuant to a written insider trading compliance program adopted by the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors
 of the
ability of all &ldquo;insiders&rdquo; covered by such program to transact in the Company&rsquo;s securities because of the existence
of material non-public information
 each holder of Registrable Securities included in any registration shall immediately discontinue
disposition of such Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement covering such Registrable Securities until such
holder receives the supplemented or amended prospectus contemplated by Section 3.1.4(iv) or the restriction on the ability of
&ldquo;insiders&rdquo; to transact in the Company&rsquo;s securities is removed
 as applicable
 and
 if so directed by the Company
each such holder will deliver to the Company all copies
 other than permanent file copies then in such holder&rsquo;s possession
of the most recent prospectus covering such Registrable Securities at the time of receipt of such notice.

Registration
Expenses
2.1
 any Piggy-Back Registration pursuant to Section 2.2
 and any registration on Form S-3 effected pursuant to Section 2.3
 and
all expenses incurred in performing or complying with its other obligations under this Agreement
 whether or not the Registration
Statement becomes effective
 including
 without limitation: (i) all registration and filing fees and fees of any securities exchange
on which the Common Stock is then listed; (ii) fees and expenses of compliance with securities or &ldquo;blue sky&rdquo; laws
(including fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection with blue sky qualifications of the Registrable
Securities); (iii) printing
 messenger
 telephone and delivery expenses; (iv) the Company&rsquo;s internal expenses (including
without limitation
 all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees); (v) the fees and expenses incurred in connection
with the listing of the Registrable Securities as required by Section 3.1.11; (vi) Financial Industry Regulatory Authority fees;
(vii) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company and fees and expenses for independent certified public accountants retained
by the Company (including the expenses or costs associated with the delivery of any opinions or comfort letters requested pursuant
to Section 3.1.9); (viii) the fees and expenses of any special experts retained by the Company in connection with such registration;
and (ix) the fees and expenses of one legal counsel selected by the holders of a majority-in-interest of the Registrable Securities
included in such registration. The Company shall have no obligation to pay any underwriting discounts or selling commissions attributable
to the Registrable Securities being sold by the holders thereof
 which underwriting discounts or selling commissions shall be
borne by such holders. Additionally
 in an underwritten offering
 all selling stockholders and the Company shall bear the expenses
of the underwriter pro rata in proportion to the respective amount of shares each is selling in such offering.



    
    


.
The holders of Registrable Securities shall provide such information as may reasonably be requested by the Company
 or the managing
Underwriter
 if any
 in connection with the preparation of any Registration Statement
 including amendments and supplements thereto
in order to effect the registration of any Registrable Securities under the Securities Act pursuant to Section 2 and in connection
with the Company&rsquo;s obligation to comply with federal and applicable state securities laws.

Requirements
for Participation in Underwritten Offerings
of the Company pursuant to a registration initiated by the Company hereunder unless such person (i) agrees to sell such person&rsquo;s
securities on the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the Company and (ii) completes and executes all
customary questionnaires
 powers of attorney
 indemnities
 lock-up agreements
 underwriting agreements and other customary documents
as may be reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.

Suspension
of Sales; Adverse Disclosure
contains a Misstatement
 each of the Holders shall forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities until it has received
copies of a supplemented or amended prospectus correcting the Misstatement (it being understood that the Company hereby covenants
to prepare and file such supplement or amendment as soon as practicable after the time of such notice)
 or until it is advised
in writing by the Company that the use of the prospectus may be resumed. If the filing
 initial effectiveness or continued use
of a registration statement in respect of any registration at any time would require the Company to make an Adverse Disclosure
(as defined below) or would require the inclusion in such registration statement of financial statements that are unavailable
to the Company for reasons beyond the Company&rsquo;s control
 the Company may
 upon giving prompt written notice of such action
to the holders
 delay the filing or initial effectiveness of
 or suspend use of
 such registration statement for the shortest
period of time
 but in no event more than thirty (30) days
 determined in good faith by the Company to be necessary for such purpose.
In the event the Company exercises its rights under the preceding sentence
 the holders agree to suspend
 immediately upon their
receipt of the notice referred to above
 their use of the prospectus relating to any registration in connection with any sale
or offer to sell Registrable Securities. The Company shall immediately notify the Holders of the expiration of any period during
which it exercised its rights under this Section 3.6. &ldquo;Adverse Disclosure&rdquo; shall mean any public disclosure of material
non-public information
 which disclosure
 in the good faith judgment of the principal executive officer or principal financial
officer of the Company
 after consultation with counsel to the Company
 (i) would be required to be made in any registration statement
or prospectus in order for the applicable registration statement or prospectus not to contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein (in the case of any prospectus and any
preliminary prospectus
 in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading
 (ii) would not be required
to be made at such time if the registration statement were not being filed
 and (iii) the Company has a bona fide business purpose
for not making such information public.



    
    


Reporting
Obligations
 the Company
 at all times while it shall be reporting
under the Exchange Act
 covenants to file timely (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace
period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act and to promptly furnish the holders with true and complete copies of all such filings. The Company further covenants that
it shall take such further action as any holder may reasonably request
 all to the extent required from time to time to enable
such holder to sell shares of the Common Stock held by such holder without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation
of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act
 including providing any legal opinions. Upon the
request of any holder
 the Company shall deliver to such holder a written certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether
it has complied with such requirements.

INDEMNIFICATION
AND CONTRIBUTION

Indemnification
by the Company
and each of their respective officers
 employees
 affiliates
 directors
 partners
 members
 attorneys and agents
 and each person
if any
 who controls an Investor and each other holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities
Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) (each
&rdquo;)
 from and against any
expenses
 losses
 judgments
 claims
 damages or liabilities
 whether joint or several
 arising out of or based upon any untrue
statement (or allegedly untrue statement) of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement under which the sale of such
Registrable Securities was registered under the Securities Act
 any preliminary prospectus
 final prospectus or summary prospectus
contained in the Registration Statement
 or any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement
 or arising out of or based
upon any omission (or alleged omission) to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading
 or any violation by the Company of the Securities Act or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder
applicable to the Company and relating to action or inaction required of the Company in connection with any such registration;
and the Company shall promptly reimburse the Investor Indemnified Party for any legal and any other expenses reasonably incurred
by such Investor Indemnified Party in connection with investigating and defending any such expense
 loss
 judgment
 claim
 damage
liability or action; provided
 however
 that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such expense
loss
 claim
 damage or liability arises out of or is based upon any untrue statement or allegedly untrue statement or omission
or alleged omission made in such Registration Statement
 preliminary prospectus
 final prospectus
 or summary prospectus
 or any
such amendment or supplement
 in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company
 in writing
 by such
selling holder expressly for use therein. The Company also shall indemnify any Underwriter of the Registrable Securities
 their
officers
 affiliates
 directors
 partners
 members and agents and each person who controls such Underwriter on substantially the
same basis as that of the indemnification provided above in this Section 4.1.



    
    


Indemnification
by Holders of Registrable Securities
 in the event that any registration
is being effected under the Securities Act pursuant to this Agreement of any Registrable Securities held by such selling holder
indemnify and hold harmless the Company
 each of its directors and officers and each underwriter (if any)
 and each other selling
holder and each other person
 if any
 who controls another selling holder or such underwriter within the meaning of the Securities
Act
 against any losses
 claims
 judgments
 damages or liabilities
 whether joint or several
 insofar as such losses
 claims
judgments
 damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or allegedly
untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement under which the sale of such Registrable Securities
was registered under the Securities Act
 any preliminary prospectus
 final prospectus or summary prospectus contained in the Registration
Statement
 or any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement
 or arise out of or are based upon any omission or the
alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statement therein not misleading
if the statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company
by such selling holder expressly for use therein
 and shall reimburse the Company
 its directors and officers
 and each other
selling holder or controlling person for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by any of them in connection with investigation
or defending any such loss
 claim
 damage
 liability or action. Each selling holder&rsquo;s indemnification obligations hereunder
shall be several and not joint and shall be limited to the amount of any net proceeds actually received by such selling holder.
Each selling holder of Registrable Securities shall indemnify any Underwriter of the Registrable Securities
 their officers
 affiliates
directors
 partners
 members and agents and each person who controls such Underwriter to the same extent as provided in the foregoing
with respect to indemnification of the Company.

Conduct
of Indemnification Proceedings
 claim
 damage or liability
or any action in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to Section 4.1 or 4.2
Indemnified
&rdquo;) shall
 if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against any other person for indemnification hereunder
&rdquo;) in writing of the loss
 claim
 judgment
 damage
liability or action; provided
 however
 that the failure by the Indemnified Party to notify the Indemnifying Party shall not relieve
the Indemnifying Party from any liability which the Indemnifying Party may have to such Indemnified Party hereunder
 except and
solely to the extent the Indemnifying Party is actually prejudiced by such failure. If the Indemnified Party is seeking indemnification
with respect to any claim or action brought against the Indemnified Party
 then the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to participate
in such claim or action
 and
 to the extent that it wishes
 jointly with all other Indemnifying Parties
 to assume control of
the defense thereof with counsel satisfactory to the Indemnified Party. After notice from the Indemnifying Party to the Indemnified
Party of its election to assume control of the defense of such claim or action
 the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable to
the Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnified Party in connection with the defense
thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation; provided
 however
 that in any action in which both the Indemnified Party
and the Indemnifying Party are named as defendants
 the Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel (but
no more than one such separate counsel) to represent the Indemnified Party and its controlling persons who may be subject to liability
arising out of any claim in respect of which indemnity may be sought by the Indemnified Party against the Indemnifying Party
with the fees and expenses of such counsel to be paid by such Indemnifying Party if
 based upon the written opinion of counsel
of such Indemnified Party
 representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential
differing interests between them. No Indemnifying Party shall
 without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party
 consent
to entry of judgment or effect any settlement of any claim or pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which the Indemnified
Party is or could have been a party and indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Party
 unless such judgment
or settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability arising out of such claim or proceeding.



    
    




4.4.1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;If
the indemnification provided for in the foregoing Sections 4.1
 4.2 and 4.3 is unavailable to any Indemnified Party in respect
of any loss
 claim
 damage
 liability or action referred to herein
 then each such Indemnifying Party
 in lieu of indemnifying
such Indemnified Party
 shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such loss
 claim
damage
 liability or action in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnified Parties and
the Indemnifying Parties in connection with the actions or omissions which resulted in such loss
 claim
 damage
 liability or
action
 as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of any Indemnified Party and any Indemnifying
Party shall be determined by reference to
 among other things
 whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by such Indemnified Party or such
Indemnifying Party and the parties&rsquo; relative intent
 knowledge
 access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent
such statement or omission.

4.4.2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 4.4 were determined by pro
rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in
the immediately preceding Section 4.4.1. The amount paid or payable by an Indemnified Party as a result of any loss
 claim
 damage
liability or action referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph shall be deemed to include
 subject to the limitations
set forth above
 any legal or other expenses incurred by such Indemnified Party in connection with investigating or defending
any such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 4.4
 no holder of Registrable Securities shall be required
to contribute any amount in excess of the dollar amount of the net proceeds (after payment of any underwriting fees
 discounts
commissions or taxes) actually received by such holder from the sale of Registrable Securities which gave rise to such contribution
obligation. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall
be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

.
The indemnification provided for under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made
by or on behalf of the Indemnified Party or any officer
 director or controlling person of such Indemnified Party and shall survive
the transfer of securities.



    
    


UNDERWRITING
AND DISTRIBUTION

Rule
144
Act and shall take such further action as the holders of Registrable Securities may reasonably request
 all to the extent required
from time to time to enable such holders to sell Registrable Securities without registration under the Securities Act within the
limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act
 as such rules may be amended from time to time
 or
any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission.



Other
Registration Rights
 other than a holder of the Registrable Securities
has any right to require the Company to register any shares of the Company&rsquo;s capital stock for sale or to include shares
of the Company&rsquo;s capital stock in any registration filed by the Company for the sale of shares of capital stock for its
own account or for the account of any other person. Further
 the Company represents and warrants that this Agreement supersedes
any other registration rights agreement or agreement with similar terms and conditions and in the event of a conflict between
any such agreement or agreements and this Agreement
 the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.

Assignment;
No Third Party Beneficiaries
 duties and obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned
or delegated by the Company in whole or in part. This Agreement and the rights
 duties and obligations of the holders of Registrable
Securities hereunder may be freely assigned or delegated by such holder of Registrable Securities in conjunction with and to the
extent of any transfer of Registrable Securities by any such holder. This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding
upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and the permitted assigns of the Investor or holder of Registrable
Securities or of any assignee of the Investor or holder of Registrable Securities. This Agreement is not intended to confer any
rights or benefits on any persons that are not party hereto other than as expressly set forth in Article 4 and this Section 6.2.
No assignment by any party hereto of such party&rsquo;s rights
 duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate
the Company unless and until the Company shall have received (i) written notice of such assignment and (ii) the written agreement
of the assignee
 in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company
 to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement (which
may be accomplished by an addendum or certificate of joinder to this Agreement).

.
All notices
 demands
 requests
 consents
 approvals or other communications (collectively
&rdquo;)
required or permitted to be given hereunder or which are given with respect to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be
personally served
 delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid
 or transmitted by hand delivery
 telegram
telex or facsimile
 addressed as set forth below
 or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by
written notice. Notice shall be deemed given on the date of service or transmission if personally served or transmitted by telegram
telex or facsimile; provided
 that if such service or transmission is not on a business day or is after normal business hours
then such notice shall be deemed given on the next business day. Notice otherwise sent as provided herein shall be deemed given
on the next business day following timely delivery of such notice to a reputable air courier service with an order for next-day
delivery.



    
    


To
the Company:

Black
Ridge Acquisition Corp.&nbsp;
c/o
Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.&nbsp;
110
 Street
 Suite 410&nbsp;
Minneapolis
Minnesota 55403&nbsp;
Attn:
Ken DeCubellis

with
a copy to:

Graubard
Miller&nbsp;
The
Chrysler Building&nbsp;
405
Lexington Avenue&nbsp;
New
York NY 10174&nbsp;
Attn:
David Alan Miller
 Esq.

To
an Investor
 to such Investor c/o:

Black
Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.&nbsp;
110
 Street
 Suite 410&nbsp;
Minneapolis
Minnesota 55403&nbsp;
Attn:
Ken DeCubellis

.
This Agreement shall be deemed severable
 and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore
 in lieu of any such invalid
or unenforceable term or provision
 the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision
as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible that is valid and enforceable.

.
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed an original
 and all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.

Entire
Agreement
pursuant hereto and thereto) constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede
all prior and contemporaneous agreements
 representations
 understandings
 negotiations and discussions between the parties
 whether
oral or written.

Modifications
and Amendments
of the Registrable Securities at the time in question
 compliance with any of the provisions
 covenants and conditions set forth
in this Agreement may be waived
 or any of such provisions
 covenants or conditions may be amended or modified; provided
 however
that notwithstanding the foregoing
 any amendment hereto or waiver hereof that adversely affects one holder of Registrable Securities
solely in its capacity as a holder of the shares of Common Stock of the Company
 in a manner that is materially different from
the other holders of Registrable Securities (in such capacity) shall require the consent of the holder so affected. No course
of dealing between any holders of Registrable Securities or the Company and any other party hereto or any failure or delay on
the part of a holder of Registrable Securities or the Company in exercising any rights or remedies under this Agreement shall
operate as a waiver of any rights or remedies of any holder of Registrable Securities or the Company. No single or partial exercise
of any rights or remedies under this Agreement by a party shall operate as a waiver or preclude the exercise of any other rights
or remedies hereunder or thereunder by such party.



    
    


Titles
and Headings
of any provision of this Agreement.

Waivers
and Extensions
 breach or default which such party has the right to waive
provided that such waiver will not be effective against the waiving party unless it is in writing
 is signed by such party
 and
specifically refers to this Agreement. Waivers may be made in advance or after the right waived has arisen or the breach or default
waived has occurred. Any waiver may be conditional. No waiver of any breach of any agreement or provision herein contained shall
be deemed a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach thereof nor of any other agreement or provision herein contained. No
waiver or extension of time for performance of any obligations or acts shall be deemed a waiver or extension of the time for performance
of any other obligations or acts.

Remedies
Cumulative
under this Agreement
 the Investor or any other holder of Registrable Securities may proceed to protect and enforce its rights
by suit in equity or action at law
 whether for specific performance of any term contained in this Agreement or for an injunction
against the breach of any such term or in aid of the exercise of any power granted in this Agreement or to enforce any other legal
or equitable right
 or to take any one or more of such actions
 without being required to post a bond. None of the rights
 powers
or remedies conferred under this Agreement shall be mutually exclusive
 and each such right
 power or remedy shall be cumulative
and in addition to any other right
 power or remedy
 whether conferred by this Agreement or now or hereafter available at law
in equity
 by statute or otherwise.

Governing
Law
 interpreted under
 and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State
of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed within the State of New York
 without giving effect to any choice-of-law
provisions thereof that would compel the application of the substantive laws of any other jurisdiction.

Waiver
of Trial by Jury
 suit
counterclaim or other proceeding (whether based on contract
 tort or otherwise) arising out of
 connected with or relating to
this Agreement
 the transactions contemplated hereby
 or the actions of the Investor in the negotiation
 administration
 performance
or enforcement hereof.



    
    


[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]


    
    


IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 the parties have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized
representatives as of the date first written above.




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Ken DeCubellis
 CEO




    













     




BLACK
RIDGE ACQUISITION CORP.
c/o
Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
110
 Street
 Suite 410
Minneapolis
Minnesota 55403


 2017

Black
Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
110
 Street
 Suite 410
Minneapolis
Minnesota 55403

Ladies
and Gentlemen:

This
letter will confirm our agreement that
&rdquo;) of the
&rdquo;)
&rdquo;) and continuing until the earlier
of (i) the consummation by the Company of an initial business combination or (ii) the Company&rsquo;s liquidation (in each case
&rdquo;)
Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. shall make available to the Company certain office space and administrative and support services
as may be required by the Company from time to time
 Street
 Suite 410
 Minneapolis
 Minnesota
55403 (or any successor location). In exchange therefor
 the Company shall pay Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. the sum of $10
000
per month on the Effective Date and continuing monthly thereafter until the Termination Date. Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
hereby agrees that it does not have any right
 title
 interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies that may be set aside
&rdquo;) that may be established upon the consummation of the IPO as
&rdquo;) and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future
as a result of
 or arising out of
 this letter agreement and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.




    
Very truly yours


    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
&nbsp;/s/
    Ken DeCubellis

    
    
    
    Ken DeCubellis

    
    
    
    Chief Executive Officer





    
    

    
    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
    

    
    
    

    
&nbsp;/s/
    James Moe
    

    
    

    

    
    

    




    













     







dated as of October 4
 2017 is between Black Ridge Acquisition Corp.
 a Delaware corporation
 (&ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 and Continental
Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company
 a New York corporation (&ldquo;Warrant Agent&rdquo;).


 the Company has received a binding
commitment from Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 the Company&rsquo;s sponsor (&ldquo;Sponsor&rdquo;)
 to purchase up to an aggregate
of 445
000 units (each a &ldquo;Unit&rdquo;)
 each Unit comprised of one share of common stock of the Company
 par value $0.0001
per share (&ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;)
 one right to receive one-tenth of one share of Common Stock and one warrant
 each warrant
to purchase one share of Common Stock for $11.50 per share
 subject to adjustment as described herein
 and in connection therewith
will issue and deliver up to an aggregate of 445
000 warrants (&ldquo;Sponsor&rsquo;s Warrants&rdquo;) upon consummation of such
private placement; and


 the Company is engaged in a public
offering (&ldquo;Public Offering&rdquo;) of Units and
 in connection therewith
 has determined to issue and deliver (i) up to 13
800
000
warrants (the &ldquo;Public Warrants&rdquo;)
 to the public investors and (ii) 600
000 warrants (underlying unit purchase options)
to EarlyBirdCapital
 Inc. (&ldquo;EBC&rdquo;) and/or its designees (the &ldquo;EBC Warrants&rdquo;); and


 following consummation of the Public
Offering
 the Company may issue additional warrants (&ldquo;Post IPO Warrants&rdquo; and together with the Sponsor&rsquo;s Warrants
Public Warrants and EBC Warrants
 the &ldquo;Warrants&rdquo;) in connection with
 or following the consummation by the Company
of
 a Business Combination (defined below); and


 the Company has filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission a Registration Statement on Form S-1
 No. 333-220516 (&ldquo;Registration Statement&rdquo;)
for the registration
 under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (&ldquo;Act&rdquo;)
 of
 among other securities
 the Public
Warrants and the EBC Warrants; and


 the Company desires the Warrant
Agent to act on behalf of the Company
 and the Warrant Agent is willing to so act
 in connection with the issuance
 registration
transfer
 exchange
 redemption and exercise of the Warrants; and


 the Company desires to provide
for the form and provisions of the Warrants
 the terms upon which they shall be issued and exercised
 and the respective rights
limitation of rights
 and immunities of the Company
 the Warrant Agent
 and the holders of the Warrants; and



    
    



 all acts and things have been done
and performed which are necessary to make the Warrants
 when executed on behalf of the Company and countersigned by or on behalf
of the Warrant Agent
 as provided herein
 the valid
 binding and legal obligations of the Company
 and to authorize the execution
and delivery of this Agreement.


 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the
mutual agreements herein contained
 the parties hereto agree as follows:

Appointment of
Warrant Agent
 and the Warrant
Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the same in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement.



Form
of Warrant
 shall be in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto
 the
provisions of which are incorporated herein and shall be signed by
 or bear the facsimile signature of
 the Chairman of the Board
of Directors or Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer
 Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company and shall bear a facsimile
of the Company&rsquo;s seal. In the event the person whose facsimile signature has been placed upon any Warrant shall have ceased
to serve in the capacity in which such person signed the Warrant before such Warrant is issued
 it may be issued with the same
effect as if he or she had not ceased to be such at the date of issuance.

Uncertificated
Warrants
 any Warrant
 or portion thereof
 may be issued as part of
 and be
represented by
 a Unit
 and any Warrant may be issued in uncertificated or book-entry form through the Warrant Agent and/or the
facilities of The Depository Trust Company (the &ldquo;Depositary&rdquo;) or other book-entry depositary system
 in each case as
determined by the Board of Directors of the Company or by an authorized committee thereof. Any Warrant so issued shall have the
same terms
 force and effect as a certificated Warrant that has been duly countersigned by the Warrant Agent in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement.



    
    


Effect
of Countersignature
 unless and until countersigned by the
Warrant Agent pursuant to this Agreement
 a Warrant shall be invalid and of no effect and may not be exercised by the holder thereof.



Warrant
Register
and the registration of transfer of the Warrants. Upon the initial issuance of the Warrants
 the Warrant Agent shall issue and
register the Warrants in the names of the respective holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise in accordance with instructions
delivered to the Warrant Agent by the Company.

Registered
Holder
 the Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and
treat the person in whose name such Warrant is then registered in the Warrant Register (&ldquo;registered holder&rdquo;) as the
absolute owner of such Warrant and of each Warrant represented thereby (notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing
on the Warrant certificate made by anyone other than the Company or the Warrant Agent)
 for the purpose of any exercise thereof
and for all other purposes
 and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

Detachability
 day following
the date of the prospectus or
 day is not on a day
 other than Saturday
 Sunday or federal holiday
 on
which banks in New York City are generally open for normal business (a &ldquo;Business Day&rdquo;)
 then on the immediately succeeding
Business Day following such date
 or earlier with the consent of EBC
 but in no event will EBC allow separate trading of the securities
comprising the Units until (i) the Company has filed a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting
the receipt by the Company of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering including the proceeds received by the Company from the
exercise of the underwriters&rsquo; over-allotment option in the Public Offering
 if the over-allotment option is exercised prior
to the filing of the Form 8-K
 and (ii) the Company has issued a press release and has filed a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing
when such separate trading shall begin (the &ldquo;Detachment Date&rdquo;).

Sponsor&rsquo;s
Warrant Attributes
be redeemable by the Company and (ii) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis at the holder&rsquo;s option
 in either
case as long as the Sponsor&rsquo;s Warrants are held by the Sponsor or its affiliates and permitted transferees (as prescribed
in Section 5.6 hereof). Once a Sponsor&rsquo;s Warrant is transferred to a holder other than an affiliate or permitted transferee
it shall be treated as a Public Warrant hereunder for all purposes.



    
    


EBC
Warrants
 when issued
 shall have the same terms and be in the same form as the Public Warrants. The provisions
of this Section 2.7 may not be modified
 amended or deleted without the prior consent of EBC.

Post
IPO Warrants
 when and if issued
 shall have the same terms and be in the same form as the Public Warrants.

Terms and Exercise
of Warrants

Warrant
Price
 when countersigned by the Warrant Agent
 entitle the registered holder thereof
 subject to
the provisions of such Warrant and of this Agreement
 to purchase from the Company the number of shares of Common Stock stated
therein
 at the price of $11.50 per share
 subject to the adjustments provided in Section 4 hereof and in the last sentence of
this Section 3.1. The term &ldquo;Warrant Price&rdquo; as used in this Agreement refers to the price per share at which the shares
of Common Stock may be purchased at the time a Warrant is exercised. The Company in its sole discretion may lower the Warrant Price
at any time prior to the Expiration Date (as defined below) for a period of not less than twenty (20) Business Days; provided
that the Company shall provide at least twenty (20) days prior written notice of such reduction to registered holders of the Warrants
and
 provided further that any such reduction shall be applied consistently to all of the Warrants.

Duration
of Warrants
the Company of a merger
 share exchange
 asset acquisition
 stock purchase
 recapitalization
 reorganization or other similar business
combination with one or more businesses or entities (&ldquo;Business Combination&rdquo;) (as described more fully in the Registration
Statement) or 12 months from the closing of the Public Offering
 and terminating at 5:00 p.m.
 New York City time on the earlier
to occur of (i) five years from the consummation of a Business Combination and (ii) the Redemption Date as provided in Section
6.2 of this Agreement (&ldquo;Expiration Date&rdquo;). The period of time from the date the Warrants will first become exercisable
until the expiration of the Warrants shall hereafter be referred to as the &ldquo;Exercise Period.&rdquo; Except with respect to
the right to receive the Redemption Price (as set forth in Section 6 hereunder)
 each Warrant not exercised on or before the Expiration
Date shall become void
 and all rights thereunder and all rights in respect thereof under this Agreement shall cease at the close
of business on the Expiration Date. The Company in its sole discretion may extend the duration of the Warrants by delaying the
Expiration Date; provided
 however
 that the Company will provide at least twenty (20) days prior written notice of any such extension
to registered holders and
 provided further that any such extension shall be applied consistently to all of the Warrants.



    
    


Exercise
of Warrants

.
Subject to the provisions of the Warrant and this Agreement
 a Warrant
 when countersigned by the Warrant Agent
 may be exercised
by the registered holder thereof by surrendering it
 at the office of the Warrant Agent
 or at the office of its successor as Warrant
Agent
 in the Borough of Manhattan
 City and State of New York
 with the subscription form
 as set forth in the Warrant
 duly executed
and by paying in full the Warrant Price for each share of Common Stock as to which the Warrant is exercised and any and all applicable
taxes due in connection with the exercise of the Warrant
 as follows:


good certified check or good bank draft payable to the order of the Company (or as otherwise agreed to by the Company); or


the event of redemption pursuant to Section 6 hereof in which the Company&rsquo;s management has elected to force all holders of
Warrants to exercise such Warrants on a &ldquo;cashless basis
&rdquo; by surrendering the Warrants for that number of shares of
Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the
Warrants
 multiplied by the difference between the Warrant Price and the &ldquo;Fair Market Value&rdquo; (defined below) by (y)
the Fair Market Value. Solely for purposes of this Section 3.3.1(b)
 the &ldquo;Fair Market Value&rdquo; shall mean the average
reported last sale price of the Common Stock for the five (5) trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on
which the notice of redemption is sent to holders of the Warrants pursuant to Section 6 hereof; or


respect to any Sponsor&rsquo;s Warrants
 so long as such Sponsor&rsquo;s Warrants are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees
by surrendering such Sponsor&rsquo;s Warrants for that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
(x) the product of the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants
 multiplied by the difference between the exercise
price of the Warrants and the &ldquo;Fair Market Value&rdquo; by (y) the Fair Market Value; provided
 however
 that no cashless
exercise shall be permitted unless the Fair Market Value is equal to or higher than the exercise price. Solely for purposes of
this Section 3.3.1(c)
 the &ldquo;Fair Market Value&rdquo; shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Common Stock
for the five (5) trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date of exercise; or



    
    



the event the registration statement required by Section 7.4 hereof is not effective and current within ninety (90) days after
the closing of a Business Combination
 by surrendering such Warrants for that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants
 multiplied by the difference
between the exercise price of the Warrants and the &ldquo;Fair Market Value&rdquo; by (y) the Fair Market Value; provided
 however
that no cashless exercise shall be permitted unless the Fair Market Value is equal to or higher than the exercise price. Solely
for purposes of this Section 3.3.1(d)
 the &ldquo;Fair Market Value&rdquo; shall mean the average reported last sale price of the
Common Stock for the five (5) trading days ending on the day prior to the date of exercise.

Issuance
of Certificates
Warrant Price (if any)
 the Company shall issue to the registered holder of such Warrant a certificate or certificates for the
number of shares of Common Stock to which he
 she or it is entitled
 registered in such name or names as may be directed by him
her or it
 and if such Warrant shall not have been exercised in full
 a new countersigned Warrant for the number of shares as to
which such Warrant shall not have been exercised. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 in no event will the Company be required to net
cash settle the Warrant exercise. No Warrant shall be exercisable and the Company shall not be obligated to issue shares of Common
Stock upon exercise of a Warrant unless the Common Stock issuable upon such Warrant exercise has been registered
 qualified or
deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the Warrants. In the event
that the condition in the immediately preceding sentence is not satisfied with respect to a Warrant
 the holder of such Warrant
shall not be entitled to exercise such Warrant and such Warrant may have no value and expire worthless
 in which case the purchaser
of a Unit containing such Public Warrants shall have paid the full purchase price for the Unit solely for the shares of Common
Stock underlying such Unit. Warrants may not be exercised by
 or securities issued to
 any registered holder in any state in which
such exercise would be unlawful.



    
    


Valid
Issuance
validly issued
 fully paid and nonassessable.

Date
of Issuance
deemed to have become the holder of record of such shares on the date on which the Warrant was surrendered and payment of the Warrant
Price was made
 irrespective of the date of delivery of such certificate
 except that
 if the date of such surrender and payment
is a date when the share transfer books of the Company are closed
 such person shall be deemed to have become the holder of such
shares at the close of business on the next succeeding date on which the share transfer books are open.

. A holder
of a Warrant may notify the Company in writing in the event it elects to be subject to the provisions contained in this subsection
3.3.5; however
 no holder of a Warrant shall be subject to this subsection 3.3.5 unless he
 she or it makes such election. If the
election is made by a holder
 the Warrant Agent shall not effect the exercise of the holder&rsquo;s Warrant
 and such holder shall
not have the right to exercise such Warrant
 to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise
 such person (together with
such person&rsquo;s affiliates)
 to the Warrant Agent&rsquo;s actual knowledge
 would beneficially own in excess of 9.8% (the &ldquo;Maximum
Percentage&rdquo;) of the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. For purposes of
the foregoing sentence
 the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such person and its affiliates shall
include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant with respect to which the determination of such
sentence is being made
 but shall exclude shares of Common Stock that would be issuable upon (x) exercise of the remaining
 unexercised
portion of the Warrant beneficially owned by such person and its affiliates and (y) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company beneficially owned by such person and its affiliates (including
 without
limitation
 any convertible notes or convertible preferred stock or warrants) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise
analogous to the limitation contained herein. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence
 for purposes of this paragraph
 beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange
Act&rdquo;). For purposes of the Warrant
 in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock
 the holder may rely
on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (1) the Company&rsquo;s most recent annual report on Form 10-K
quarterly report on Form 10-Q
 current report on Form 8-K or other public filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission as
the case may be
 (2) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (3) any other notice by the Company or Continental Stock
Transfer &amp; Trust Company setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. For any reason at any time
 upon the
written request of the holder of the Warrant
 the Company shall
 within two (2) Business Days
 confirm orally and in writing to
such holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case
 the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock
shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of equity securities of the Company by the holder and its
affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. By written notice to the
Company
 the holder of a Warrant may from time to time increase or decrease the Maximum Percentage applicable to such holder to
any other percentage specified in such notice; provided
 however
 that any such increase shall not be effective until the sixty-first
(61st) day after such notice is delivered to the Company.



    
    




Stock
Dividends; Split Ups
 the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is increased by a stock dividend
payable in shares of Common Stock
 or by a split up of shares of Common Stock
 or other similar event
 then
 on the effective date
of such stock dividend
 split up or similar event
 the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Warrant shall
be increased in proportion to such increase in outstanding shares of Common Stock.

Aggregation
of Shares
 the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is decreased by a consolidation
 combination
reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of Common Stock or other similar event
 then
 on the effective date of such consolidation
combination
 reverse stock split
 reclassification or similar event
 the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise
of each Warrant shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Common Stock.

Extraordinary
Dividends
 at any time while the Warrants are outstanding and unexpired
 shall pay a dividend or make a distribution
in cash
 securities or other assets to the holders of the shares of Common Stock or other shares of the Company&rsquo;s capital
stock into which the Warrants are convertible (an &ldquo;Extraordinary Dividend&rdquo;)
 then the Warrant Price shall be decreased
effective immediately after the effective date of such Extraordinary Dividend
 by the amount of cash and the fair market value
(as determined by the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors
 in good faith) of any securities or other assets paid on each share of
Common Stock in respect of such Extraordinary Dividend; provided
 however
 that none of the following shall be deemed an Extraordinary
Dividend for purposes of this provision: (a) any adjustment described in subsection 4.1 above
 (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions
which
 when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Common Stock during
the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed $0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately
reflect any of the events referred to in other subsections of this Section 4 and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions
that resulted in an adjustment to the Warrant Price or to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Warrant)
but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than $0.50
 (c) any
payment to satisfy the conversion rights of the holders of the shares of Common Stock in connection with a proposed initial Business
Combination or (d) any payment in connection with the Company&rsquo;s liquidation and the distribution of its assets upon its failure
to consummate a Business Combination. Solely for purposes of illustration
 if the Company
 at a time while the Warrants are outstanding
and unexpired
 pays a cash dividend of $0.35 and previously paid an aggregate of $0.40 of cash dividends and cash distributions
on the Common Stock during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such $0.35 dividend
 then the Warrant Price
will be decreased
 effectively immediately after the effective date of such $0.35 dividend
 by $0.25 (the absolute value of the
difference between $0.75 (the aggregate amount of all cash dividends and cash distributions paid or made in such 365-day period
including such $0.35 dividend) and $0.50 (the greater of (x) $0.50 and (y) the aggregate amount of all cash dividends and cash
distributions paid or made in such 365-day period prior to such $0.35 dividend)).



    
    


Adjustments
in Exercise Price
as provided in Sections 4.1 and 4.2 above
 the Warrant Price shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) by multiplying such Warrant
Price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
purchasable upon the exercise of the Warrants immediately prior to such adjustment
 and (y) the denominator of which shall be the
number of shares of Common Stock so purchasable immediately thereafter.

Replacement
of Securities upon Reorganization
 etc
Stock (other than a change covered by Section 4.1
 4.2 or 4.3 hereof or that solely affects the par value of the Common Stock)
or in the case of any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger
in which the Company is the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding
Common Stock)
 or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of the
Company as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which the Company is dissolved
 the Warrant holders shall
thereafter have the right to purchase and receive
 upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the Warrants and
in lieu of the shares of Common Stock of the Company immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the
rights represented thereby
 the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable
upon such reclassification
 reorganization
 merger or consolidation
 or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer
that the Warrant holder would have received if such Warrant holder had exercised his
 her or its Warrant(s) immediately prior to
such event; and if any reclassification also results in a change in the Common Stock covered by Section 4.1
 4.2 or 4.3
 then such
adjustment shall be made pursuant to Sections 4.1
 4.2
 4.3
 4.4 and this Section 4.5. The provisions of this Section 4.5 shall
similarly apply to successive reclassifications
 reorganizations
 mergers or consolidations
 sales or other transfers.



    
    


Notices
of Changes in Warrant
the Company shall give written notice thereof to the Warrant Agent
 which notice shall state the Warrant Price resulting from such
adjustment and the increase or decrease
 if any
 in the number of shares purchasable at such price upon the exercise of a Warrant
setting forth in reasonable detail the method of calculation and the facts upon which such calculation is based. Upon the occurrence
of any event specified in Sections 4.1
 4.2
 4.3
 4.4 or 4.5
 then
 in any such event
 the Company shall give written notice to
each Warrant holder
 at the last address set forth for such holder in the Warrant Register
 of the record date or the effective
date of the event. Failure to give such notice
 or any defect therein
 shall not affect the legality or validity of such event.

No
Fractional Warrants or Shares
 notwithstanding any provision
contained in this Agreement to the contrary
 the Company shall not issue fractional shares upon exercise of Warrants. If
 by reason
of any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 4
 the holder of any Warrant would be entitled
 upon the exercise of such Warrant
to receive a fractional interest in a share
 the Company shall
 upon such exercise
 round up to the nearest whole number of shares
of Common Stock to be issued to the Warrant holder.

Form
of Warrant
 and Warrants issued
after such adjustment may state the same Warrant Price and the same number of shares as is stated in the Warrants initially issued
pursuant to this Agreement. However
 the Company may at any time in its sole discretion make any change in the form of Warrant
that the Company may deem appropriate and that does not affect the substance thereof
 and any Warrant thereafter issued or countersigned
whether in exchange or substitution for an outstanding Warrant or otherwise
 may be in the form as so changed.



    
    


Other
Events
this Section 4 are strictly applicable
 but which would require an adjustment to the terms of the Warrants in order to (i) avoid
an adverse impact on the Warrants and (ii) effectuate the intent and purpose of this Section 4
 then
 in each such case
 the Company
shall appoint a firm of independent public accountants
 investment banking or other appraisal firm of recognized national standing
which shall give its opinion as to whether or not any adjustment to the rights represented by the Warrants is necessary to effectuate
the intent and purpose of this Section 4 and
 if they determine that an adjustment is necessary
 the terms of such adjustment.
The Company shall adjust the terms of the Warrants in a manner that is consistent with any adjustment recommended in such opinion.

Transfer and
Exchange of Warrants

Registration
of Transfer
 from time to time
 of any outstanding Warrant upon the Warrant
Register
 upon surrender of such Warrant for transfer
 properly endorsed with signatures properly guaranteed and accompanied by
appropriate instructions for transfer. Upon any such transfer
 a new Warrant representing an equal aggregate number of Warrants
shall be issued and the old Warrant shall be cancelled by the Warrant Agent. The Warrants so cancelled shall be delivered by the
Warrant Agent to the Company from time to time upon request.

Procedure
for Surrender of Warrants
 together with a written request for exchange or
transfer
 and thereupon the Warrant Agent shall issue in exchange therefor one or more new Warrants as requested by the registered
holder of the Warrants so surrendered
 representing an equal aggregate number of Warrants; provided
 however
 that in the event
that a Warrant surrendered for transfer bears a restrictive legend
 the Warrant Agent shall not cancel such Warrant and issue new
Warrants in exchange therefor until the Warrant Agent has received an opinion of counsel for the Company stating that such transfer
may be made and indicating whether the new Warrants must also bear a restrictive legend.



    
    


Fractional
Warrants
issuance of a warrant certificate for a fraction of a warrant.

Service
Charges

Warrant
Execution and Countersignature
 in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement
 the Warrants required to be issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 5
 and the Company
 whenever
required by the Warrant Agent
 will supply the Warrant Agent with Warrants duly executed on behalf of the Company for such purpose.

Sponsor&rsquo;s
Warrants
Company of an initial Business Combination
 except for transfers (i) to the Sponsor&rsquo;s or the Company&rsquo;s officers
 directors
employees
 consultants or their affiliates
 (ii) to a holder&rsquo;s officers
 directors
 employees or members upon the holder&rsquo;s
liquidation
 in each case if the holder is an entity
 (iii) by bona fide gift to a member of the holder&rsquo;s immediate family
or to a trust
 the beneficiary of which is the holder or a member of the holder&rsquo;s immediate family for estate planning purposes
(iv) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death
 (v) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order
 (vi) to
the Company for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination or (vii) in connection
with the consummation of a Business Combination
 by private sales at prices no greater than the price at which the Sponsor&rsquo;s
Warrants were originally purchased
 in each case (except for clause (vi)) on the condition that prior to such registration for
transfer
 the Warrant Agent shall be presented with written documentation pursuant to which each transferee or the trustee or legal
guardian for such transferee agrees to be bound by the terms of the Founder Warrants Purchase Agreement and any other applicable
agreement the transferor is bound by.

Transfers
prior to Detachment
 the Public Warrants may be transferred or exchanged only together with the
Unit in which such Warrant is included
 and only for the purpose of effecting
 or in conjunction with
 a transfer or exchange of
such Unit. Furthermore
 each transfer of a Unit on the register relating to such Units shall operate also to transfer the Warrants
included in such Unit. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the provisions of this Section 5.7 shall have no effect on any transfer of
Warrants on or after the Detachment Date.



    
    




.
Subject to Section 6.4 hereof
 not less than all of the outstanding Warrants may be redeemed
 at the option of the Company
 at
any time during the Exercise Period (so long as there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares
of Common Stock underlying the Warrants)
 at the office of the Warrant Agent
 upon the notice referred to in Section 6.2
 at the
price of $0.01 per Warrant (&ldquo;Redemption Price&rdquo;)
 provided that the last sales price of the Common Stock equals or exceeds
$18.00 per share (subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 4 hereof)
 on each of twenty (20) trading days within any thirty
(30) trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the date on which notice of redemption is given.

Date
Fixed for
 and Notice of
 Redemption
 the Company
shall fix a date for the redemption (the &ldquo;Redemption Date&rdquo;). Notice of redemption shall be mailed by first class mail
postage prepaid
 by the Company not less than thirty (30) days prior to the Redemption Date to the registered holders of the Warrants
to be redeemed at their last addresses as they shall appear on the registration books. Any notice mailed in the manner herein provided
shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given whether or not the registered holder received such notice.

Exercise
After Notice of Redemption
 for cash (or on a &ldquo;cashless basis&rdquo; in accordance
with Section 3 of this Agreement) at any time after notice of redemption shall have been given by the Company pursuant to Section
6.2 hereof and prior to the Redemption Date. In the event the Company determines to require all holders of Public Warrants to exercise
their Warrants on a &ldquo;cashless basis&rdquo; pursuant to Section 3.3.1(b)
 the notice of redemption will contain the information
necessary to calculate the number of shares of Common Stock to be received upon exercise of the Warrants
 including the &ldquo;Fair
Market Value&rdquo; in such case. On and after the Redemption Date
 the record holder of the Warrants shall have no further rights
except to receive
 upon surrender of the Warrants
 the Redemption Price.

Exclusion
of Certain Warrants
Warrants. To the extent a person holds rights to purchase Warrants
 such purchase rights shall not be extinguished by redemption.
However
 once such purchase rights are exercised
 the Company may redeem the Warrants issued upon such exercise provided that the
criteria for redemption is met. Additionally
 the Company agrees that the redemption rights provided in this Section 6 shall not
apply to the Sponsor&rsquo;s Warrants if at the time of the redemption such Sponsor&rsquo;s Warrants continue to be held by the
Sponsor or its permitted transferees. However
 once such Sponsor&rsquo;s Warrants are transferred (other than to permitted transferees
under Section 5.6)
 the Company may redeem the Sponsor&rsquo;s Warrants in the same manner as the Public Warrants. The provisions
of this Section 6.4 may not be modified
 amended or deleted without the prior written consent of EBC.



    
    


Other Provisions
Relating to Rights of Holders of Warrants

No
Rights as Stockholder
Company
 including
 without limitation
 the right to receive dividends
 or other distributions
 exercise any preemptive rights
to vote or to consent or to receive notice as stockholders in respect of the meetings of stockholders or the election of directors
of the Company or any other matter.

Lost
Stolen
 Mutilated
 or Destroyed Warrants
 stolen
 mutilated
 or destroyed
 the Company and the Warrant
Agent may on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as they may in their discretion impose (which shall
 in the case of a mutilated
Warrant
 include the surrender thereof)
 issue a new Warrant of like denomination
 tenor
 and date as the Warrant so lost
 stolen
mutilated
 or destroyed. Any such new Warrant shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation of the Company
 whether or not
the allegedly lost
 stolen
 mutilated
 or destroyed Warrant shall be at any time enforceable by anyone.

Reservation
of Shares of Common Stock
shares of Common Stock that will be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of all outstanding Warrants issued pursuant to this
Agreement.

Registration
of Shares of Common Stock
it shall use its best efforts to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement for the registration
under the Act
 of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants
 and it shall use its best efforts to take
such action as is necessary to register or qualify for sale
 in those states in which the Warrants were initially offered by the
Company and in those states where holders of Warrants then reside
 the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants
to the extent an exemption is not available. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to
maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement until the expiration of the Warrants in accordance with the provisions
of this Agreement. If any such registration statement has not been declared effective by the 90th day following the closing of
the Business Combination
 holders of the Warrants shall have the right
 during the period beginning on the 91st day after the closing
of the Business Combination and ending upon such registration statement being declared effective by the Securities and Exchange
Commission
 and during any other period when the Company shall fail to have maintained an effective registration statement covering
the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants
 to exercise such Warrants on a &ldquo;cashless basis&rdquo;
as determined in accordance with Section 3.3.1(d). The Company shall provide the Warrant Agent with an opinion of counsel for the
Company (which shall be an outside law firm with securities law experience) stating that (i) the exercise of the Warrants on a
cashless basis in accordance with this Section 7.4 is not required to be registered under the Act and (ii) the shares of Common
Stock issued upon such exercise will be freely tradable under U.S. federal securities laws by anyone who is not an affiliate (as
such term is defined in Rule 144 under the Act) of the Company and
 accordingly
 will not be required to bear a restrictive legend.
For the avoidance of any doubt
 unless and until all of the Warrants have been exercised on a cashless basis
 the Company shall

provisions of this Section 7.4 may not be modified
 amended or deleted without the prior written consent of EBC.



    
    


Concerning the
Warrant Agent and Other Matters

Payment
of Taxes
Warrant Agent in respect of the issuance or delivery of shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of Warrants
 but the Company shall
not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes in respect of the Warrants or such shares.

Resignation
Consolidation
 or Merger of Warrant Agent

Appointment
of Successor Warrant Agent
 or any successor to it hereafter appointed
 may resign its duties and be discharged
from all further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving sixty (60) days&rsquo; notice in writing to the Company. If the
office of the Warrant Agent becomes vacant by resignation or incapacity to act or otherwise
 the Company shall appoint in writing
a successor Warrant Agent in place of the Warrant Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of
thirty (30) days after it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the Warrant Agent or by the holder
of the Warrant (who shall
 with such notice
 submit his Warrant for inspection by the Company)
 then the holder of any Warrant
may apply to the Supreme Court of the State of New York for the County of New York for the appointment of a successor Warrant Agent
at the Company&rsquo;s cost. Any successor Warrant Agent
 whether appointed by the Company or by such court
 shall be a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of the State of New York
 in good standing and having its principal office in the Borough
of Manhattan
 City and State of New York
 and authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and subject to supervision
or examination by federal or state authority. After appointment
 any successor Warrant Agent shall be vested with all the authority
powers
 rights
 immunities
 duties
 and obligations of its predecessor Warrant Agent with like effect as if originally named as
Warrant Agent hereunder
 without any further act or deed; but if for any reason it becomes necessary or appropriate
 the predecessor
Warrant Agent shall execute and deliver
 at the expense of the Company
 an instrument transferring to such successor Warrant Agent
all the authority
 powers
 and rights of such predecessor Warrant Agent hereunder; and upon request of any successor Warrant Agent
the Company shall make
 execute
 acknowledge
 and deliver any and all instruments in writing for more fully and effectually vesting
in and confirming to such successor Warrant Agent all such authority
 powers
 rights
 immunities
 duties
 and obligations.



    
    


Notice
of Successor Warrant Agent
 the Company shall give notice thereof
to the predecessor Warrant Agent and the transfer agent for the shares of Common Stock not later than the effective date of any
such appointment.

Merger
or Consolidation of Warrant Agent
or any corporation resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Warrant Agent shall be a party shall be the successor
Warrant Agent under this Agreement without any further act.

Fees
and Expenses of Warrant Agent

.
The Company agrees to pay the Warrant Agent reasonable remuneration for its services as such Warrant Agent hereunder and will reimburse
the Warrant Agent upon demand for all expenditures that the Warrant Agent may reasonably incur in the execution of its duties hereunder.

Further
Assurances
 execute
 acknowledge
 and deliver or cause to be performed
 executed
 acknowledged
and delivered all such further and other acts
 instruments
 and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Warrant Agent for
the carrying out or performing of the provisions of this Agreement.



    
    


Liability
of Warrant Agent

Reliance
on Company Statement
 the Warrant Agent shall deem it necessary
or desirable that any fact or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder
such fact or matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively
proved and established by a statement signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company
and delivered to the Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent may rely upon such statement for any action taken or suffered in good faith
by it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

.
The Warrant Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence
 willful misconduct or bad faith. The Company agrees
to indemnify the Warrant Agent and save it harmless against any and all liabilities
 including judgments
 costs and reasonable
counsel fees
 for anything done or omitted by the Warrant Agent in the execution of this Agreement except as a result of the Warrant
Agent&rsquo;s gross negligence
 willful misconduct
 or bad faith.

.
The Warrant Agent shall have no responsibility with respect to the validity of this Agreement or with respect to the validity or
execution of any Warrant (except its countersignature thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any
covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Warrant; nor shall it be responsible to make any adjustments required
under the provisions of Section 4 hereof or responsible for the manner
 method
 or amount of any such adjustment or the ascertaining
of the existence of facts that would require any such adjustment; nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation
or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any
Warrant or as to whether any shares of Common Stock will
 when issued
 be valid and fully paid and nonassessable.

Acceptance
of Agency
terms and conditions herein set forth and among other things
 shall account promptly to the Company with respect to Warrants exercised
and concurrently account for
 and pay to the Company
 all monies received by the Warrant Agent for the purchase of shares of Common
Stock through the exercise of Warrants.



    
    


Miscellaneous
Provisions

.
All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Warrant Agent shall bind and inure
to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns.

.
Any notice
 statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Warrant Agent or by the holder of any Warrant
to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail
or private courier service within five (5) days after deposit of such notice
 postage prepaid
 addressed (until another address
is filed in writing by the Company with the Warrant Agent)
 as follows:



 Inc.
 Street
 Suite 410

 Minnesota 55403



 statement or demand authorized by this Agreement
to be given or made by the holder of any Warrant or by the Company to or on the Warrant Agent shall be sufficiently given when
so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five days after deposit
of such notice
 postage prepaid
 addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Warrant Agent with the Company)
 as
follows:




 New York 10004







 New York 10174

 Esq.





 Suite 2300

 MN 55402




    
    




 LLP



 New York 10166

 Esq.



 Inc.

 8th Floor

 New York 10017

 Chairman

Applicable
Law
 interpretation
 and performance of this Agreement and of the Warrants shall be governed in all respects
by the laws of the State of New York
 without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application
of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The Company hereby agrees that any action
 proceeding or claim against it arising
out of or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York
 and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction
 which jurisdiction shall
be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient
forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or
certified mail
 return receipt requested
 postage prepaid
 addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 9.2 hereof. Such
mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action
 proceeding or claim.

Persons
Having Rights under this Agreement
hereof is intended
 or shall be construed
 to confer upon
 or give to
 any person or corporation other than the parties hereto
and the registered holders of the Warrants and
 for the purposes of Sections 2.7
 6.4
 7.4
 9.4 and 9.8 hereof
 EBC
 any right
remedy
 or claim under or by reason of this Warrant Agreement or of any covenant
 condition
 stipulation
 promise
 or agreement
hereof. EBC shall be deemed to be a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement with respect to Sections 2.7
 6.4
 7.4
 9.4 and 9.8
hereof. All covenants
 conditions
 stipulations
 promises
 and agreements contained in this Warrant Agreement shall be for the
sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto (and EBC with respect to the Sections 2.7
 6.4
 7.4
 9.4 and 9.8 hereof) and their
successors and assigns and of the registered holders of the Warrants.



    
    


Examination
of the Warrant Agreement
Agent in the Borough of Manhattan
 City and State of New York
 for inspection by the registered holder of any Warrant. The Warrant
Agent may require any such holder to submit his Warrant for inspection by it.

.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all
purposes be deemed to be an original
 and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

Effect
of Headings
interpretation thereof.

.
This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto (and EBC
 if required) without the consent of any registered holder for the
purpose of curing any ambiguity
 or of curing
 correcting or supplementing any defective provision contained herein or adding or
changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Agreement as the parties may deem necessary
or desirable and that the parties deem shall not adversely affect the interest of the registered holders. All other modifications
or amendments
 including any amendment to increase the Warrant Price or shorten the Exercise Period
 shall require the written
consent or vote of the registered holders of (i) a majority of the then outstanding Public Warrants
 Sponsor&rsquo;s Warrants and
EBC Warrants if such modification or amendment is being undertaken prior to
 or in connection with
 the consummation of a Business
Combination or (ii) a majority of the then outstanding Warrants if such modification or amendment is being undertaken after the
consummation of a Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the Company may lower the Warrant Price or extend the duration
of the Exercise Period pursuant to Sections 3.1 and 3.2
 respectively
 without the consent of the registered holders.



    
    


Trust
Account Waiver
established by the Company in connection with the Public Offering (as more fully described in the Registration Statement) (&ldquo;Trust
Account&rdquo;)
 including by way of set-off
 and shall not be entitled to any funds in the Trust Account under any circumstance.
In the event that the Warrant Agent has a claim against the Company under this Agreement
 the Warrant Agent will pursue such claim
solely against the Company and not against the property held in the Trust Account.

.
This Agreement shall be deemed severable
 and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore
 in lieu of any such invalid
or unenforceable term or provision
 the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision
as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.





    
    



 this Agreement has been
duly executed by the parties hereto as of the day and year first above written.




    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    













     








 2017 between
Black Ridge Acquisition Corp.
 a Delaware corporation
 with offices at 110 North 5th Street
 Suite 410
 Minneapolis
 Minnesota
55403 (&ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 and Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company
 a New York corporation
 with offices at 1 State
Street
 New York
 New York 10004 (&ldquo;Right Agent&rdquo;).


 the Company is engaged in a public
offering (&ldquo;Public Offering&rdquo;) and has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) a Registration
Statement on Form S-1
 No. 333-220516 (&ldquo;Registration Statement&rdquo;)
 for the registration
 under the Securities Act of
1933
 as amended (&ldquo;Act&rdquo;) of its units
 with each unit (&ldquo;Unit&rdquo;) containing one right to receive one-tenth
of one share of common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 of the Company (&ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;) upon the happening of the
triggering event described herein and
 in connection therewith
 will issue and deliver up to 13
800
000 rights (&ldquo;Public Rights&rdquo;)
to the investors in the Public Offering; and


 the Company has received a binding
commitment from its initial stockholder (the &ldquo;Initial Stockholder&rdquo;) to purchase in a private placement (&ldquo;Private
Offering&rdquo;) up to an aggregate of 445
000 Units
 and in connection therewith
 will issue and deliver up to an aggregate of
445
000 rights (&ldquo;Private Rights&rdquo;) upon consummation of such Private Offering; and


 the Company has entered into that
certain Unit Purchase Option
 dated as of October 4
 2017
 pursuant to which the Company will issue and deliver to EarlyBirdCapital
Inc. (the &ldquo;Representative&rdquo;)
 as representative of the underwriters of the Public Offering (and/or its designees)
 an
aggregate of 600
000 Units
 including 600
000 rights underlying such Units (the &ldquo;Purchase Option Rights&rdquo; and
 together
with the Public Rights and the Private Rights
 the &ldquo;Rights&rdquo;); and


 the Company may issue up to an
additional 150
000 Rights in consideration of certain working capital loans that may be made by the Company&rsquo;s Initial Stockholder
officers
 directors or their affiliates; and



    
    



 the Company desires the Right Agent
to act on behalf of the Company
 and the Right Agent is willing to so act
 in connection with the issuance
 registration
 transfer
and exchange of the Rights; and


 the Company desires to provide
for the form and provisions of the Rights
 the terms upon which they shall be issued
 and the respective rights
 limitation of
rights
 and immunities of the Company
 the Right Agent
 and the holders of the Rights; and


 all acts and things have been done
and performed which are necessary to make the Rights
 when executed on behalf of the Company and countersigned by or on behalf
of the Right Agent
 as provided herein
 the valid
 binding and legal obligations of the Company
 and to authorize the execution
and delivery of this Agreement.


 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the
mutual agreements herein contained
 the parties hereto agree as follows:

Appointment of
Right Agent
 and the Right Agent
hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the same in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.



Form
of Right
 shall be in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto
 the provisions
of which are incorporated herein and shall be signed by
 or bear the facsimile signature of
 the Chairman of the Board
 President
or Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer
 Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company and shall bear a facsimile of the Company&rsquo;s
seal. In the event the person whose facsimile signature has been placed upon any Right shall have ceased to serve in the capacity
in which such person signed the Right before such Right is issued
 it may be issued with the same effect as if he or she had not
ceased to be such at the date of issuance.



    
    


Effect
of Countersignature
 a Right shall be invalid
and of no effect and may not be exchanged for Common Stock.



Right
Register
the registration of transfer of the Rights. Upon the initial issuance of the Rights
 the Right Agent shall issue and register the
Rights in the names of the respective holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise in accordance with instructions delivered
to the Right Agent by the Company.

Registered
Holder
 the Company and the Right Agent may deem and treat
the person in whose name such Right shall be registered upon the Right Register (&ldquo;registered holder&rdquo;) as the absolute
owner of such Right and of each Right represented thereby (notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing on the Right
Certificate made by anyone other than the Company or the Right Agent)
 for the purpose of the exchange thereof
 and for all other
purposes
 and neither the Company nor the Right Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

Detachability
of Rights
 including the Rights
 will not be separately transferable until the ninetieth
) day after the date hereof unless EarlyBirdCapital
 Inc. informs the Company of its decision to allow earlier
separate trading
 but in no event will separate trading of the securities comprising the Units begin until (i) the Company files
a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting the receipt by the Company of the gross proceeds
of the Public Offering including the proceeds received by the Company from the exercise of the over-allotment option
 if the over-allotment
option is exercised on the date hereof
 and (ii) the Company issues a press release and files a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing
when such separate trading shall begin.

Terms and Exchange
of Rights

.
Each Right shall entitle the holder thereof to receive one-tenth of one share of Common Stock upon the happening of an Exchange
Event (described below). No additional consideration shall be paid by a holder of Rights in order to receive his
 her or its shares
of Common Stock upon an Exchange Event as the purchase price for such Common Stock has been included in the purchase price for
the Units. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Rights. The provisions of this Section 3.1 may not be
modified
 amended or deleted without the prior written consent of the Representative.



    
    


Exchange
Event
the Company&rsquo;s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation).

Exchange
of Rights

Issuance
of Certificates
 the Company shall direct holders of the Rights
to return their Rights certificates to the Right Agent. Upon receipt of a valid Rights certificate
 the Company shall issue to
the registered holder of such Right(s) a certificate or certificates for the full number of shares of Common Stock to which he
she or it is entitled
 registered in such name or names as may be directed by him
 her or it. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 or
any provision contained in this Rights Agreement to the contrary
 in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the
Rights. The Company shall not issue fractional shares upon exchange of Rights. At the time of an Exchange Event
 the Company will
either instruct the Rights Agent to round up to the nearest whole share of Common Stock or otherwise inform it how fractional shares
will be addressed
 in accordance with Section 155 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Each holder of a Right will be required
to affirmatively convert his
 her or its Rights in order to receive the one-tenth of a share underlying each Right (without paying
any additional consideration) upon consummation of the Exchange Event. Each holder of a Right will be required to indicate his
her or its election to convert the Rights into the underlying shares as well as to return the original certificates evidencing
the Rights to the Company.

Valid
Issuance
 and registered on the
Company&rsquo;s register of members
 shall be validly issued
 fully paid and nonassessable.



    
    


Date
of Issuance
deemed to have become the holder of record of such shares on the date that he is registered on the Company&rsquo;s register of
members.

Company
Not Surviving Following Exchange Event
reporting entity
 the definitive agreement with the target business for a Business Combination will provide for the holders of
Rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the shares of Common Stock will receive in such transaction
for the number of shares such holder is entitled to pursuant to Section 3.3.1 above.

Duration
of Rights
Certificate of Incorporation
 as the same may be amended from time to time
 the Rights shall expire and shall be worthless.

Transfer and
Exchange of Rights

Registration
of Transfer
 from time to time
 of any outstanding Right upon the Right Register
upon surrender of such Right for transfer
 properly endorsed with signatures properly guaranteed and accompanied by appropriate
instructions for transfer. Upon any such transfer
 a new Right certificate representing an equal aggregate number of Rights shall
be issued and the old Right certificate shall be cancelled by the Right Agent. The Right certificate(s) so cancelled shall be delivered
by the Right Agent to the Company from time to time upon request.

Procedure
for Surrender of Rights
 together with a written request for exchange or transfer
and thereupon the Right Agent shall issue in exchange therefor one or more new Right certificate(s) as requested by the registered
holder of the Rights so surrendered
 representing an equal aggregate number of Rights; provided
 however
 that in the event that
a Right surrendered for transfer bears a restrictive legend
 the Right Agent shall not cancel such Right certificate and issue
new Right certificate(s) in exchange therefor until the Right Agent has received an opinion of counsel for the Company stating
that such transfer may be made and indicating whether the new Right certificate(s) must also bear a restrictive legend.



    
    


Fractional
Rights
of a Right certificate for a fraction of a Right.

Service
Charges

Adjustments
to Conversion Ratios
the occurrence of an Exchange Event shall be equitably adjusted to reflect appropriately the effect of any share split
 reverse
share split
 share dividend
 reorganization
 recapitalization
 reclassification
 combination
 exchange of shares or other like
change with respect to the shares of Common Stock occurring on or after the date hereof and prior to the Exchange Event.

Right
Execution and Countersignature
 in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement
 the Rights required to be issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 4
 and the Company
 whenever
required by the Right Agent
 will supply the Right Agent with Rights duly executed on behalf of the Company for such purpose.

Other Provisions
Relating to Rights of Holders of Rights

No
Rights as Shareholder
 a Right does not entitle
the registered holder thereof to any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company
 including
 without limitation
 the right to
receive dividends
 or other distributions
 exercise any preemptive rights to vote or to consent or to receive notice as shareholders
in respect of the meetings of shareholders or the election of directors of the Company or any other matter.

Lost
Stolen
 Mutilated
 or Destroyed 
 stolen
 mutilated
 or destroyed
the Company and the Right Agent may on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as they may in their discretion impose (which shall
in the case of a mutilated Right certificate
 include the surrender thereof)
 issue a new Right certificate of like denomination
tenor
 and date as the Right certificate so lost
 stolen
 mutilated
 or destroyed. Any such new Right certificate shall constitute
a substitute contractual obligation of the Company
 whether or not the allegedly lost
 stolen
 mutilated
 or destroyed Right certificate
shall be at any time enforceable by anyone.



    
    


Reservation
of Shares
Stock that will be sufficient to permit the exchange of all outstanding Rights issued pursuant to this Agreement.

Concerning the
Right Agent and Other Matters

Payment
of Taxes
Right Agent in respect of the issuance or delivery of shares of Common Stock upon the exchange of Rights
 but the Company shall
not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes in respect of the Rights or such shares.

Resignation
Consolidation
 or Merger of Right Agent

Appointment
of Successor Right Agent
 or any successor to it hereafter appointed
 may resign its duties and be discharged
from all further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving sixty (60) days&rsquo; notice in writing to the Company. If the
office of the Right Agent becomes vacant by resignation or incapacity to act or otherwise
 the Company shall appoint in writing
a successor Right Agent in place of the Right Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of 30 days
after it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the Right Agent or by the holder of the Right (who shall
with such notice
 submit his
 her or its Right for inspection by the Company)
 then the holder of any Right may apply to the Supreme
Court of the State of New York for the County of New York for the appointment of a successor Right Agent at the Company&rsquo;s
cost. Any successor Right Agent
 whether appointed by the Company or by such court
 shall be a corporation organized and existing
under the laws of the State of New York
 in good standing and having its principal office in the Borough of Manhattan
 City and
State of New York
 and authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and subject to supervision or examination
by federal or state authority. After appointment
 any successor Right Agent shall be vested with all the authority
 powers
 rights
immunities
 duties
 and obligations of its predecessor Right Agent with like effect as if originally named as Right Agent hereunder
without any further act or deed; but if for any reason it becomes necessary or appropriate
 the predecessor Right Agent shall execute
and deliver
 at the expense of the Company
 an instrument transferring to such successor Right Agent all the authority
 powers
and rights of such predecessor Right Agent hereunder; and upon request of any successor Right Agent the Company shall make
 execute
acknowledge
 and deliver any and all instruments in writing for more fully and effectually vesting in and confirming to such successor
Right Agent all such authority
 powers
 rights
 immunities
 duties
 and obligations.



    
    


Notice
of Successor Right Agent
 the Company shall give notice thereof to
the predecessor Right Agent and the transfer agent for the shares of Common Stock not later than the effective date of any such
appointment.

Merger
or Consolidation of Right Agent
or any corporation resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Right Agent shall be a party shall be the successor
Right Agent under this Agreement without any further act.

Fees
and Expenses of Right Agent

.
The Company agrees to pay the Right Agent reasonable remuneration for its services as such Right Agent hereunder and will reimburse
the Right Agent upon demand for all expenditures that the Right Agent may reasonably incur in the execution of its duties hereunder.

Further
Assurances
 execute
 acknowledge
 and deliver or cause to be performed
 executed
 acknowledged
and delivered all such further and other acts
 instruments
 and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Right Agent for
the carrying out or performing of the provisions of this Agreement.



    
    


Liability
of Right Agent

Reliance
on Company Statement
 the Right Agent shall deem it necessary
or desirable that any fact or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder
such fact or matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively
proved and established by a statement signed by the President
 Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer and delivered
to the Right Agent. The Right Agent may rely upon such statement for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it pursuant
to the provisions of this Agreement.

.
The Right Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence
 willful misconduct or bad faith. The Company agrees
to indemnify the Right Agent and save it harmless against any and all liabilities
 including judgments
 costs and reasonable counsel
fees
 for anything done or omitted by the Right Agent in the execution of this Agreement except as a result of the Right Agent&rsquo;s
gross negligence
 willful misconduct
 or bad faith.

.
The Right Agent shall have no responsibility with respect to the validity of this Agreement or with respect to the validity or
execution of any Right (except its countersignature thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any
covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Right; nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation
or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any
Right or as to whether any shares of Common Stock will when issued be valid and fully paid and nonassessable.

Acceptance
of Agency
terms and conditions herein set forth.

.
The Right Agent hereby waives any right of set-off or any other right
 title
 interest or claim of any kind (&ldquo;Claim&rdquo;)
in
 or to any distribution of
 the Trust Account (as defined in that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement
 dated as of
the date hereof
 by and between the Company and the Right Agent as trustee thereunder) and hereby agrees not to seek recourse
reimbursement
 payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.



    
    


Miscellaneous
Provisions

.
All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Right Agent shall bind and inure
to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns.

.
Any notice
 statement or demand authorized by this Right Agreement to be given or made by the Right Agent or by the holder of any
Right to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified
mail or private courier service within five days after deposit of such notice
 postage prepaid
 addressed (until another address
is filed in writing by the Company with the Right Agent)
 as follows:

Black
Ridge Acquisition Corp.
c/o
Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
110
 Street
 Suite 410
Minneapolis
Minnesota 55403



 statement or demand authorized by this Agreement
to be given or made by the holder of any Right or by the Company to or on the Right Agent shall be sufficiently given when so delivered
if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five days after deposit of such
notice
 postage prepaid
 addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Right Agent with the Company)
 as follows:




 New York 10004




    
    



to:





 New York 10174

 Esq.




 LLP



 NY 10166

 Esq.




 Inc.



 New York 10017



Applicable
Law
 interpretation
 and performance of this Agreement and of the Rights shall be governed in all respects by
the laws of the State of New York
 without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of
the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The Company hereby agrees that any action
 proceeding or claim against it arising
out of or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York
 and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction
 which jurisdiction shall
be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient
forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or
certified mail
 return receipt requested
 postage prepaid
 addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 9.2 hereof. Such
mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action
 proceeding or claim.



    
    


Persons
Having Rights under this Agreement
hereof is intended
 or shall be construed
 to confer upon
 or give to
 any person or corporation other than the parties hereto
and the registered holders of the Rights and
 for the purposes of Sections 3
 7.4 and 7.8 hereof
 the Representative
 any right
remedy
 or claim under or by reason of this Right Agreement or of any covenant
 condition
 stipulation
 promise
 or agreement hereof.
The Representative shall be deemed to be a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement with respect to Sections 3
 7.4 and 7.8 hereof.
All covenants
 conditions
 stipulations
 promises
 and agreements contained in this Right Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive
benefit of the parties hereto (and the Representative with respect to the Sections 3
 7.4 and 7.8 hereof) and their successors
and assigns and of the registered holders of the Rights. The provisions of this Section 7.4 may not be modified
 amended or deleted
without the prior written consent of the Representative.

Examination
of the Right Agreement
in the Borough of Manhattan
 City and State of New York
 for inspection by the registered holder of any Right. The Right Agent
may require any such holder to submit his
 her or its Right for inspection by it.

.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all
purposes be deemed to be an original
 and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

Effect
of Headings
the interpretation thereof.



    
    


.
This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto without the consent of any registered holder for the purpose of curing any
ambiguity
 or of curing
 correcting or supplementing any defective provision contained herein or adding or changing any other provisions
with respect to matters or questions arising under this Agreement as the parties may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties
deem shall not adversely affect the interest of the registered holders. All other modifications or amendments shall require the
written consent or vote of the registered holders of a majority of the then outstanding Rights. The provisions of this Section
7.8 may not be modified
 amended or deleted without the prior written consent of the Representative.

.
This Right Agreement shall be deemed severable
 and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not
affect the validity or enforceability of this Right Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore
 in lieu of
any such invalid or unenforceable term or provision
 the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Right
Agreement a provision as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.




    
    



 this Agreement has been
duly executed by the parties hereto as of the day and year first above written.




    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    













     





HEREOF
 AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL
 TRANSFER OR ASSIGN THIS PURCHASE OPTION EXCEPT AS HEREIN PROVIDED AND THE REGISTERED HOLDER
OF THIS PURCHASE OPTION AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SELL
 TRANSFER
 ASSIGN
 PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATE THIS PURCHASE OPTION FOR A PERIOD
OF 180 DAYS FOLLOWING THE EFFECTIVE DATE (DEFINED BELOW) TO ANYONE OTHER THAN (I) EARLYBIRDCAPITAL
&rdquo;)
OR AN UNDERWRITER OR SELECTED DEALER IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFERING
 OR (II) A BONA FIDE OFFICER OR PARTNER OF EBC OR OF ANY SUCH
UNDERWRITER OR SELECTED DEALER

pursuant to FINRA Conduct Rule 5110(g)
 the Purchase Option (or the COMMON STOCK
 RIGHTS and Warrants underlying this Purchase
Option) will not be the subject of any hedging
 short sale
 derivative
 put or call transaction that would result in the economic
disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the Effective Date.


&rdquo;) OF A MERGER
 SHARE EXCHANGE
 ASSET ACQUISITION
SHARE PURCHASE
 RECAPITALIZATION
 REORGANIZATION OR OTHER SIMILAR BUSINESS COMBINATION WITH ONE OR MORE BUSINESSES OR ENTITIES
&rdquo;) (AS DESCRIBED MORE FULLY IN THE COMPANY&rsquo;S REGISTRATION STATEMENT (DEFINED
HEREIN)) AND __________
 2018. VOID AFTER 5:00 P.M. NEW YORK CITY LOCAL TIME
 ON THE EXPIRATION DATE (DEFINED HEREIN).











Purchase
Option


 in consideration of $___ duly paid by or
&rdquo;)
 as registered owner of this Purchase Option
 to Black Ridge Acquisition
&rdquo;)
 Holder is entitled
 at any time or from time to time upon the later of the consummation
of a Business Combination or ____________
&rdquo;)
 and at or before 5:00 p.m.
 New
York City local time
&rdquo;) of the Company&rsquo;s
&rdquo;) pursuant to which Units are offered for sale to the
&rdquo;)
&rdquo;)
 to subscribe for
purchase and receive
 in whole or in part
&rdquo;) of the Company
each Unit consisting of one share of common stock of the Company
&rdquo;)
&rdquo;) entitling the Holder to receive one tenth (1/10) of a share of Common Stock upon consummation
of a Business Combination
&rdquo;)
 each warrant to purchase one share of Common
Stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;Each Right is the same as the right included in the Units being registered for sale to the public by way of the
Registration Statement. Each Warrant is the same as the warrant included in the Units being registered for sale to the public by
&rdquo;).&nbsp;&nbsp;If the Expiration Date is a day on
which banking institutions are authorized by law to close
 then this Purchase Option may be exercised on the next succeeding day
which is not such a day in accordance with the terms herein. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
 neither this Purchase Option
nor the Warrants underlying this Purchase Option may be exercisable after the five year anniversary of the Effective Date. During
the period ending on the Expiration Date
 the Company agrees not to take any action that would terminate the Purchase Option. This
Purchase Option is initially exercisable at $11.50 per Unit so purchased; provided
 however
 that upon the occurrence of any of
the events specified in Section 6 hereof
 the rights granted by this Purchase Option
 including the exercise price per Unit and
the number of Units (and shares of Common Stock
 Rights and Warrants) to be received upon such exercise
 shall be adjusted as therein
&rdquo; shall mean the initial exercise price or the adjusted exercise price
depending on the context.



    
    




Exercise
Form
 the exercise form attached hereto must be duly executed and completed and
delivered to the Company
 together with this Purchase Option and payment of the Exercise Price for the Units being purchased payable
in cash or by certified check or official bank check. If the subscription rights represented hereby shall not be exercised at or
before 5:00 p.m.
 New York City local time
 on the Expiration Date this Purchase Option shall become and be void without further
force or effect
 and all rights represented hereby shall cease and expire.

.
Each certificate for the securities purchased under this Purchase Option shall bear a legend as follows unless such securities
have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (&ldquo;


been registered under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (&ldquo;Act&rdquo;) or applicable state law. The securities may not
be offered for sale
 sold or otherwise transferred except pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act
 or pursuant
to an exemption from registration under the Act and applicable state law.&rdquo;

Cashless
Exercise

Determination
of Amount
exercisable (and in lieu of being entitled to receive shares of Common Stock and Warrants) in the manner required by Section 2.1
and subject to Section 6.1 hereof
 the Holder shall have the right (but not the obligation) to convert any exercisable but unexercised
&rdquo;) as follows:&nbsp;&nbsp;upon exercise
of the Cashless Exercise Right
 the Company shall deliver to the Holder (without payment by the Holder of any of the Exercise Price
in cash) that number of Units (or that number of shares of Common Stock
 Rights and Warrants comprising that number of Units) equal
to the number of Units to be exercised multiplied by the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the &ldquo;Value&rdquo; (as defined
below) of the portion of the Purchase Option being exercised by (y) the Current Market Value (as defined below).&nbsp;&nbsp;The
&ldquo;Value&rdquo; of the portion of the Purchase Option being exercised shall equal the remainder derived from subtracting (a)
(i) the Exercise Price multiplied by (ii) the number of Units underlying the portion of this Purchase Option being exercised from
(b) the Current Market Value of a Unit multiplied by the number of Units underlying the portion of the Purchase Option being exercised.&nbsp;&nbsp;As
used herein
 the term &ldquo;Current Market Value&rdquo; per Unit at any date means: (A) in the event that the Units
 Common Stock
and Public Warrants are still trading
 (i) if the Units are listed on a national securities exchange or quoted on the OTC Bulletin
Board (or successor exchange)
 the average reported last sale price of the Units in the principal trading market for the Units
as reported by the exchange
&rdquo;)
 as the
case may be
 for the three trading days preceding the date in question; or (ii) if the Units are not listed on a national securities
exchange or quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board (or successor exchange)
 but is traded in the residual over-the-counter market
 the
average reported last sale price for Units for the three trading days preceding the date in question for which such quotations
are reported by the Pink Sheets
 LLC or similar publisher of such quotations; (B) in the event that the Units are not still trading
but the Common Stock and Public Warrants underlying the Units are still trading
 the aggregate of (i) the product of (x) the Current
Market Price of the Common Stock and (y) the number of shares of Common Stock underlying one Unit (which shall include the portion
of a share of Common Stock the holder of a Unit would automatically receive in connection with the Right included in each such
Unit) plus (ii) the product of (x) the Current Market Price of the Public Warrants and (y) the number of the Warrants included
in one Unit; or (C) in the event that neither the Units nor Public Warrants are still trading
 the aggregate of (i) the product
of (x) the Current Market Price of the Common Stock and (y) the number of shares of Common Stock underlying one Unit (which shall
include the portion of a share of Common Stock the holder of a Unit would automatically receive in connection with the Right included
in each such Unit) plus (ii) the remainder derived from subtracting (x) the exercise price of the Warrants multiplied by the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants underlying one Unit from (y) the product of (aa) the Current Market
Price of the Common Stock multiplied by (bb) the number of shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants included in each such
&rdquo; shall mean (i) if the Common Stock (or Public Warrants
 as the case
may be) is listed on a national securities exchange or quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board (or successor exchange)
 the average reported
last sale price of the Common Stock (or Public Warrants) in the principal trading market for the Common Stock (or Public Warrants)
as reported by the exchange
 Nasdaq or FINRA
 as the case may be
 for the three trading days preceding the date in question; (ii)
if the Common Stock (or Public Warrants
 as the case may be) is not listed on a national securities exchange or quoted on the OTC
Bulletin Board (or successor exchange)
 but is traded in the residual over-the-counter market
 the average reported last sale price
for the Common Stock (or Public Warrants) on for the three trading days preceding the date in question for which such quotations
are reported by the Pink Sheets
 LLC or similar publisher of such quotations; and (iii) if the fair market value of the Common
Stock cannot be determined pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above
 such price as the Board of Directors of the Company shall determine
in good faith.&nbsp;&nbsp;In the event the Public Warrants have expired and are no longer exercisable
 no &ldquo;Value&rdquo; shall
be attributed to the Warrants underlying this Purchase Option or Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant.



    
    


Mechanics
of Cashless Exercise
Date and not later than the Expiration Date by delivering the Purchase Option with the duly executed exercise form attached hereto
with the cashless exercise section completed to the Company
 exercising the Cashless Exercise Right and specifying the total number
of Units the Holder will purchase pursuant to such Cashless Exercise Right.

No
Obligation to Net Cash Settle
 in no event will
the Company be required to net cash settle the exercise of the Purchase Option or the Rights and Warrants underlying the Purchase
Option. The holder of the Purchase Option and the Warrants underlying the Purchase Option will not be entitled to exercise the
Purchase Option or the Warrants underlying such Purchase Option unless it exercises such Purchase Option pursuant to the Cashless
Exercise Right or a registration statement is effective
 or an exemption from the registration requirements is available at such
time and
 if the holder is not able to exercise the Purchase Option or underlying Warrants
 the Purchase Option and/or the underlying
Warrants
 as applicable
 will expire worthless.



General
Restrictions
 by its acceptance hereof
 agrees that it will not sell
 transfer
assign
 pledge or hypothecate this Purchase Option (or the Common Stock
 Rights and Warrants underlying this Purchase Option) for
a period of 180 days pursuant to FINRA Conduct Rule 5110(g)(1) following the Effective Date to anyone other than (i)&nbsp;EBC or
an underwriter or selected dealer in connection with the Offering
 or (ii)&nbsp;a bona fide officer or partner of EBC or of any
such underwriter or selected dealer. Additionally
 pursuant to FINRA Conduct Rule 5110(g)
 the Purchase Option (or the Common Stock
Rights and Warrants underlying this Purchase Option) will not be the subject of any hedging
 short sale
 derivative
 put or call
transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately
 day following the Effective Date
 transfers to others may be made
subject to compliance with or exemptions from applicable securities laws. In order to make any permitted assignment
 the Holder
must deliver to the Company the assignment form attached hereto duly executed and completed
 together with the Purchase Option
and payment of all transfer taxes
 if any
 payable in connection therewith. The Company shall within five business days transfer
this Purchase Option on the books of the Company and shall execute and deliver a new Purchase Option or Purchase Options of like
tenor to the appropriate assignee(s) expressly evidencing the right to purchase the aggregate number of Units purchasable hereunder
or such portion of such number as shall be contemplated by any such assignment.

Restrictions
Imposed by the Act
Company has received the opinion of counsel for the Holder that the securities may be transferred pursuant to an exemption from
registration under the Act and applicable state securities laws
 the availability of which is established to the reasonable satisfaction
of the Company (the Company hereby agreeing that the opinion of Graubard Miller shall be deemed satisfactory evidence of the availability
of an exemption)
 or (ii)&nbsp;a registration statement or a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement relating to
&rdquo;)
and compliance with applicable state securities law has been established.



    
    


New
Purchase Options to be Issued

Partial
Exercise or Transfer
 this Purchase Option may be exercised or assigned in
whole or in part.&nbsp;&nbsp;In the event of the exercise or assignment hereof in part only
 upon surrender of this Purchase Option
for cancellation
 together with the duly executed exercise or assignment form and funds sufficient to pay any Exercise Price (except
to the extent that the Holder elects to exercise this Purchase Option by means of a cashless exercise as provided in Section 2.3
above) and/or transfer tax
 the Company shall cause to be delivered to the Holder without charge a new Purchase Option of like
tenor to this Purchase Option in the name of the Holder evidencing the right of the Holder to purchase the number of Units purchasable
hereunder as to which this Purchase Option has not been exercised or assigned.

Lost
Certificate
 theft
 destruction or mutilation of this
Purchase Option and of reasonably satisfactory indemnification or the posting of a bond
 the Company shall execute and deliver
a new Purchase Option of like tenor and date. Any such new Purchase Option executed and delivered as a result of such loss
 theft
mutilation or destruction shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation on the part of the Company.

Registration
Rights

Demand
Registration

Grant
of Right
&rdquo;) of the Holder(s) of at least
&rdquo;)
&rdquo;) under the Act on one occasion
all or any portion of the Purchase Options requested by the Majority Holders in the Initial Demand Notice and all of the securities
underlying such Purchase Options
 including the Units
 Common Stock
 the Warrants and the Common Stock underlying the Rights and
Warrants (collectively
&rdquo;). On such occasion
 the Company will use its best
efforts to file a registration statement or a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement covering the Registrable Securities
within sixty days after receipt of the Initial Demand Notice and use its best efforts to have such registration statement or post-effective
amendment declared effective as soon as possible thereafter. The demand for registration may be made at any time during a period
of five years beginning on the Effective Date.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Initial Demand Notice shall specify the number of shares of Registrable
Securities proposed to be sold and the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. The Company will notify all holders of the Purchase
Options and/or Registrable Securities of the demand within ten days from the date of the receipt of any such Initial Demand Notice.
Each holder of Registrable Securities who wishes to include all or a portion of such holder&rsquo;s Registrable Securities in the
Demand Registration (each such holder including shares of Registrable Securities in such registration
Demanding
&rdquo;) shall so notify the Company within fifteen (15) days after the receipt by the holder of the notice from
the Company. Upon any such request
 the Demanding Holders shall be entitled to have their Registrable Securities included in the
Demand Registration
 subject to Section 5.1.4. The Company shall not be obligated to effect more than one (1) Demand Registration
under this Section 5.1 in respect of all Registrable Securities.

Effective
Registration
with respect to such Demand Registration has been declared effective and the Company has complied with all of its obligations under
this Agreement with respect thereto.

Underwritten
Offering
 the
offering of such Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration shall be in the form of an underwritten offering.
In such event
 the right of any holder to include its Registrable Securities in such registration shall be conditioned upon such
holder&rsquo;s participation in such underwriting and the inclusion of such holder&rsquo;s Registrable Securities in the underwriting
to the extent provided herein. All Demanding Holders proposing to distribute their securities through such underwriting shall enter
into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such underwriting by the Majority
Holders.



    
    


Reduction
of Offering
the Company and the Demanding Holders in writing that the dollar amount or number of shares of Registrable Securities which the
Demanding Holders desire to sell
 taken together with all other Common Stock or other securities which the Company desires to sell
and the Common Stock
 if any
 as to which registration has been requested pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration
rights held by other stockholders of the Company who desire to sell
 exceeds the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of shares
that can be sold in such offering without adversely affecting the proposed offering price
 the timing
 the distribution method
or the probability of success of such offering (such maximum dollar amount or maximum number of shares
 as applicable
Maximum
&rdquo;)
 then the Company shall include in such registration: (i)&nbsp;first
 the Registrable Securities
as to which Demand Registration has been requested by the Demanding Holders (pro rata in accordance with the number of shares that
each such Person has requested be included in such registration
 regardless of the number of shares held by each such Person (such
&rdquo;)) that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number
of Shares; (ii)&nbsp;second
 to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i)
the Common Stock or other securities that the Company desires to sell that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of
Shares; (iii)&nbsp;third
 to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clauses&nbsp;(i)
and (ii)
 the Common Stock or other securities registrable pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement between the
Company and the initial investors in the Company
 dated as of ____________
&rdquo;
and such registrable securities
&rdquo;) as to which &ldquo;piggy-back&rdquo; registration
has been requested by the holders thereof
 Pro Rata
 that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and (iv)&nbsp;fourth
to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares have not been reached under the foregoing clauses&nbsp;(i)
 (ii)
 and (iii)
 the
Common Stock or other securities for the account of other persons that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to written
contractual arrangements with such persons and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares.

.
If a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders disapprove of the terms of any underwriting or are not entitled to include all
of their Registrable Securities in any offering
 such majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders may elect to withdraw from
such offering by giving written notice to the Company and the underwriter or underwriters of their request to withdraw prior to
the effectiveness of the registration statement filed with the Commission with respect to such Demand Registration. If the majority-in-interest
of the Demanding Holders withdraws from a proposed offering relating to a Demand Registration
 then the Company does not have to
continue its obligations under Section&nbsp;5.1 with respect to such proposed offering.


The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities
 including the expenses of any
legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities
 but the Holders
shall pay any and all underwriting commissions. The Company agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to qualify or register the
Registrable Securities in such states as are reasonably requested by the Majority Holder(s); provided
 however
 that in no event
shall the Company be required to register the Registrable Securities in a state in which such registration would cause (i) the
Company to be obligated to qualify to do business in such state
 or would subject the Company to taxation as a foreign corporation
doing business in such jurisdiction or (ii)&nbsp;the principal stockholders of the Company to be obligated to escrow their shares
of Common Stock of the Company. The Company shall use its best efforts to cause any registration statement or post-effective amendment
filed pursuant to the demand rights granted under Section 5.1.1 to remain effective for a period of nine consecutive months from
the effective date of such registration statement or post-effective amendment.



    
    


Piggy-Back
Registration

Piggy-Back
Rights
statement under the Act with respect to an offering of equity securities
 or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable
for
 or convertible into
 equity securities
 by the Company for its own account or for stockholders of the Company for their account
(or by the Company and by stockholders of the Company including
 without limitation
 pursuant to Section 5.1)
 other than a registration
statement (i)&nbsp;filed in connection with any employee share option or other benefit plan
 (ii)&nbsp;for an exchange offer or
offering of securities solely to the Company&rsquo;s existing stockholders
 (iii)&nbsp;for an offering of debt that is convertible
into equity securities of the Company or (iv)&nbsp;for a dividend reinvestment plan
 then the Company shall (x) give written notice
of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days
before the anticipated filing date
 which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering
the intended method(s) of distribution
 and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters
 if any
 of the offering
and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of such number of shares
Piggy-Back
&rdquo;). The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and shall
use its best efforts to cause the managing underwriter or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable
Securities requested to be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of
the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s)
of distribution thereof. All holders of Registrable Securities proposing to distribute their securities through a Piggy-Back Registration
that involves an underwriter or underwriters shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter
or underwriters selected for such Piggy-Back Registration.

Reduction
of Offering
advises the Company and the holders of Registrable Securities in writing that the dollar amount or number of shares of Common Stock
which the Company desires to sell
 taken together with Common Stock
 if any
 as to which registration has been demanded pursuant
to written contractual arrangements with persons other than the holders of Registrable Securities hereunder
 the Registrable Securities
as to which registration has been requested under this Section 5.2
 and the Common Stock
 if any
 as to which registration has
been requested pursuant to the written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other stockholders of the Company
 exceeds
the Maximum Number of Shares
 then the Company shall include in any such registration:


the registration is undertaken for the Company&rsquo;s account: (A)&nbsp;first
 the Common Stock or other securities that the Company
desires to sell that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (B)&nbsp;second
 to the extent that the Maximum
Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clause&nbsp;(A)
 the Common Stock or other securities
 if any
 comprised
of&nbsp;&nbsp;Registrable Securities and Investor Securities
 as to which registration has been requested pursuant to the applicable
written contractual piggy-back registration rights of such security holders
 Pro Rata
 that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum
Number of Shares; and (C)&nbsp;third
 to the extent that the Maximum Number of shares has not been reached under the foregoing
clauses&nbsp;(A) and (B)
 the Common Stock or other securities for the account of other persons that the Company is obligated to
register pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration rights with such persons and that can be sold without exceeding
the Maximum Number of Shares;


the registration is a Demand Registration undertaken at the demand of holders of Investor Securities
 (A)&nbsp;first
 the Common
Stock or other securities for the account of the demanding persons
 Pro Rata
 that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number
of Shares; (B)&nbsp;second
 to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clause&nbsp;(A)
the Common Stock or other securities that the Company desires to sell that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of
Shares; (C)&nbsp;third
 to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clauses&nbsp;(A)
and (B)
 the shares of Registrable Securities
 Pro Rata
 as to which registration has been requested pursuant to the terms hereof
that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and (D)&nbsp;fourth
 to the extent that the Maximum Number of
Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clauses&nbsp;(A)
 (B) and (C)
 the Common Stock or other securities for the account
of other persons that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to written contractual arrangements with such persons
 that
can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and



    
    



the registration is a Demand Registration undertaken at the demand of persons other than either the holders of Registrable Securities
or of Investor Securities
 (A) first
 the Common Stock or other securities for the account of the demanding persons that can be
sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (B) second
 to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached
under the foregoing clause (A)
 the Common Stock or other securities that the Company desires to sell that can be sold without
exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (C) third
 to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the
foregoing clauses (A) and (B)
 collectively the Common Stock or other securities comprised of Registrable Securities and Investor
Securities
 Pro Rata
 as to which registration has been requested pursuant to the terms hereof and of the Registration Rights Agreement
as applicable
 that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and (D) fourth
 to the extent that the Maximum
Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A)
 (B) and (C)
 the Common Stock or other securities for the
account of other persons that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to written contractual arrangements with such persons
that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares.

.
Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holder&rsquo;s request for inclusion of Registrable Securities
in any Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of
the registration statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a
demand pursuant to written contractual obligations) may withdraw a registration statement at any time prior to the effectiveness
of the registration statement. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal
 the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders
of Registrable Securities in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 5.2.4.

.
The Company shall bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the Registrable Securities
 including the expenses of any
legal counsel selected by the Holders to represent them in connection with the sale of the Registrable Securities but the Holders
shall pay any and all underwriting commissions related to the Registrable Securities. In the event of such a proposed registration
the Company shall furnish the then Holders of outstanding Registrable Securities with not less than fifteen days written notice
prior to the proposed date of filing of such registration statement. Such notice to the Holders shall continue to be given for
each applicable registration statement filed (during the period in which the Purchase Option is exercisable) by the Company until
such time as all of the Registrable Securities have been registered and sold. The Holders of the Registrable Securities shall exercise
the &ldquo;piggy-back&rdquo; rights provided for herein by giving written notice
 within ten days of the receipt of the Company&rsquo;s
notice of its intention to file a registration statement. The Company shall use its best efforts to cause any registration statement
filed pursuant to the above &ldquo;piggyback&rdquo; rights to remain effective for at least nine months from the date that the
Holders of the Registrable Securities are first given the opportunity to sell all of such securities.

General
Terms

.
The Company shall
 to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law
 indemnify the Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to
be sold pursuant to any registration statement hereunder and each person
 if any
 who controls such Holders within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
&rdquo;)
against all loss
 claim
 damage
 expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys&rsquo; fees and other expenses reasonably
incurred in investigating
 preparing or defending against litigation
 commenced or threatened
 or any claim whatsoever whether
arising out of any action between the underwriter and the Company or between the underwriter and any third party or otherwise)
to which any of them may become subject under the Act
 the Exchange Act or otherwise
 arising from such registration statement
but only to the same extent and with the same effect as the provisions pursuant to which the Company has agreed to indemnify the
underwriters contained in Section 5 of the Underwriting Agreement between the Company
 EBC and the other underwriters named therein
dated the Effective Date. The Holder(s) of the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to such registration statement
 and their
successors and assigns
 shall severally
 and not jointly
 indemnify the Company
 its officers and directors and each person
 if
any
 who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Act or Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act
 against all loss
claim
 damage
 expense or liability (including all reasonable attorneys&rsquo; fees and other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating
preparing or defending against any claim whatsoever) to which they may become subject under the Act
 the Exchange Act or otherwise
arising from information furnished by or on behalf of such Holders
 or their successors or assigns
 in writing
 for specific inclusion
in such registration statement to the same extent and with the same effect as the provisions contained in Section 5 of the Underwriting
Agreement pursuant to which the underwriters have agreed to indemnify the Company.



    
    


Exercise
of Purchase Options
Purchase Options or Warrants underlying such Purchase Options prior to or after the initial filing of any registration statement
or the effectiveness thereof.

Documents
Delivered to Holders
 as representative of the Holders participating in any of the foregoing
offerings
 a signed counterpart
 addressed to the participating Holders
 of (i) an opinion of counsel to the Company
 dated the
effective date of such registration statement (and
 if such registration includes an underwritten public offering
 an opinion dated
the date of the closing under any underwriting agreement related thereto)
 and (ii) if such registration statement is filed in
connection of an underwritten public offering
 a &ldquo;cold comfort&rdquo; letter dated the effective date of such registration
statement (and
 if such registration includes an underwritten public offering
 a letter dated the date of the closing under the
underwriting agreement) signed by the independent public accountants who have issued a report on the Company&rsquo;s financial
statements included in such registration statement
 in each case covering substantially the same matters with respect to such registration
statement (and the prospectus included therein) and
 in the case of such accountants&rsquo; letter
 with respect to events subsequent
to the date of such financial statements
 as are customarily covered in opinions of issuer&rsquo;s counsel and in accountants&rsquo;
letters delivered to underwriters in underwritten public offerings of securities. The Company shall also deliver promptly to EBC
as representative of the Holders participating in the offering
 the correspondence and memoranda described below and copies of
all correspondence between the Commission and the Company
 its counsel or auditors and all memoranda relating to discussions with
the Commission or its staff with respect to the registration statement and permit EBC
 as representative of the Holders
 to do
such investigation
 upon reasonable advance notice
 with respect to information contained in or omitted from the registration statement
as it deems reasonably necessary to comply with applicable securities laws or rules of FINRA. Such investigation shall include
access to books
 records and properties and opportunities to discuss the business of the Company with its officers and independent
auditors
 all to such reasonable extent and at such reasonable times and as often as EBC
 as representative of the Holders
 shall
reasonably request. The Company shall not be required to disclose any confidential information or other records to EBC
 as representative
of the Holders
 or to any other person
 until and unless such persons shall have entered into reasonable confidentiality agreements
(in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company)
 with the Company with respect thereto.

Underwriting
Agreement
 if any
 selected by any
Holders whose Registrable Securities are being registered pursuant to this Section 5
 which managing underwriter shall be reasonably
acceptable to the Company. Such agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Company
 each Holder and
such managing underwriters
 and shall contain such representations
 warranties and covenants by the Company and such other terms
as are customarily contained in agreements of that type used by the managing underwriter. The Holders shall be parties to any underwriting
agreement relating to an underwritten sale of their Registrable Securities and may
 at their option
 require that any or all the
representations
 warranties and covenants of the Company to or for the benefit of such underwriters shall also be made to and for
the benefit of such Holders. Such Holders shall not be required to make any representations or warranties to or agreements with
the Company or the underwriters except as they may relate to such Holders and their intended methods of distribution. Such Holders
however
 shall agree to such covenants and indemnification and contribution obligations for selling stockholders as are customarily
contained in agreements of that type used by the managing underwriter. Further
 such Holders shall execute appropriate custody
agreements and otherwise cooperate fully in the preparation of the registration statement and other documents relating to any offering
in which they include securities pursuant to this Section 5. Each Holder shall also furnish to the Company such information regarding
itself
 the Registrable Securities held by it
 and the intended method of disposition of such securities as shall be reasonably
required to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities.



    
    


Rule
144 Sale
 the Company shall have no obligation pursuant
to Sections 5.1 or 5.2 to use its best efforts to obtain the registration of Registrable Securities held by any Holder (i) where
such Holder would then be entitled to sell under Rule 144 within any three-month period (or such other period prescribed under
Rule 144 as may be provided by amendment thereof) all of the Registrable Securities then held by such Holder
 and (ii) where the
number of Registrable Securities held by such Holder is within the volume limitations under paragraph (e) of Rule 144 (calculated
as if such Holder were an affiliate within the meaning of Rule 144).

Supplemental
Prospectus
 that upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event as a result
of which the prospectus included in the registration statement
 as then in effect
 includes an untrue statement of a material fact
or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light
of the circumstances then existing
 such Holder will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to
the registration statement covering such Registrable Securities until such Holder&rsquo;s receipt of the copies of a supplemental
or amended prospectus
 and
 if so desired by the Company
 such Holder shall deliver to the Company (at the expense of the Company)
or destroy (and deliver to the Company a certificate of such destruction) all copies
 other than permanent file copies then in
such Holder&rsquo;s possession
 of the prospectus covering such Registrable Securities current at the time of receipt of such notice.



Adjustments
to Exercise Price and Number of Securities
be subject to adjustment from time to time as hereinafter set forth:

Share
Dividends - Split-Ups
 and subject to the provisions of Section 6.3 below
 the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock is increased by a share dividend payable in Common Stock or by a split-up of Common Stock or other similar
event
 then
 on the effective date thereof
 the number of shares of Common Stock underlying each of the Units purchasable hereunder
shall be increased in proportion to such increase in outstanding shares. In such case
 the number of shares of Common Stock
 and
the exercise price applicable thereto
 underlying the Warrants underlying each of the Units purchasable hereunder shall be adjusted
in accordance with the terms of the Warrants.

Aggregation
of Shares
 and subject to the provisions of Section 6.3
 the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock is decreased by a consolidation
 combination or reclassification of Common Stock or other similar event
 then
 on the effective
date thereof
 the number of shares of Common Stock underlying each of the Units purchasable hereunder shall be decreased in proportion
to such decrease in outstanding shares. In such case
 the number of shares of Common Stock
 and the exercise price applicable thereto
underlying the Warrants underlying each of the Units purchasable hereunder shall be adjusted in accordance with the terms of the
Warrants.

Replacement
of Securities upon Reorganization
 etc
than a change covered by Section 6.1.1 or 6.1.2 hereof or that solely affects the par value of such Common Stock
 or in the case
of any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which the
Company is the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Common
Stock)
 or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the property of the Company as an entirety
or substantially as an entirety in connection with which the Company is dissolved
 the Holder of this Purchase Option shall have
the right thereafter (until the expiration of the right of exercise of this Purchase Option) to receive upon the exercise hereof
for the same aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder immediately prior to such event
 the kind and amount of shares or other
securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification
 reorganization
 merger or consolidation
 or upon
a dissolution following any such sale or transfer
 by a Holder of the number of shares of Common Stock of the Company obtainable
upon exercise of this Purchase Option and the underlying Rights and Warrants immediately prior to such event; and if any reclassification
also results in a change in Common Stock covered by Section 6.1.1 or 6.1.2
 then such adjustment shall be made pursuant to Sections
6.1.1
 6.1.2 and this Section 6.1.3. The provisions of this Section 6.1.3 shall similarly apply to successive reclassifications
reorganizations
 mergers or consolidations
 sales or other transfers.



    
    


Changes
in Form of Purchase Option
and Purchase Options issued after such change may state the same Exercise Price and the same number of Units as are stated in the
Purchase Options initially issued pursuant to this Agreement. The acceptance by any Holder of the issuance of new Purchase Options
reflecting a required or permissive change shall not be deemed to waive any rights to an adjustment occurring after the Commencement
Date or the computation thereof.

Substitute
Purchase Option
 or merger of the Company with
 or merger of the Company
into
 another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger which does not result in any reclassification or change of the
outstanding Common Stock)
 the corporation formed by such consolidation or merger shall execute and deliver to the Holder a supplemental
Purchase Option providing that the holder of each Purchase Option then outstanding or to be outstanding shall have the right thereafter
(until the stated expiration of such Purchase Option) to receive
 upon exercise of such Purchase Option
 the kind and amount of
shares and other securities and property receivable upon such consolidation or merger
 by a holder of the number of shares of Common
Stock of the Company for which such Purchase Option might have been exercised immediately prior to such consolidation
 merger
sale or transfer. Such supplemental Purchase Option shall provide for adjustments which shall be identical to the adjustments provided
in Section 6. The above provision of this Section shall similarly apply to successive consolidations or mergers.

Elimination
of Fractional Interests
Stock or Rights or Warrants upon the exercise of the Purchase Option
 nor shall it be required to issue scrip or pay cash in lieu
of any fractional interests
 it being the intent of the parties that all fractional interests shall be eliminated by rounding any
fraction up or down to the nearest whole number of Warrants
 Rights or shares of Common Stock or other securities
 properties or
rights (or as otherwise provided pursuant to the Warrants Agreement and Rights Agreement
 as the case may be).

Reservation
and Listing.
 solely
for the purpose of issuance upon exercise of the Purchase Options or the Rights and Warrants underlying the Purchase Option
 such
number of shares of Common Stock or other securities
 properties or rights as shall be issuable upon the exercise thereof. The
Company covenants and agrees that
 upon exercise of the Purchase Options and payment of the Exercise Price therefor
 all shares
of Common Stock and other securities issuable upon such exercise shall be duly and validly issued
 fully paid and non-assessable
and not subject to preemptive rights of any stockholder. The Company further covenants and agrees that upon exercise of the Warrants
underlying the Purchase Options and payment of the respective Warrant exercise price therefor
 all shares of Common Stock and other
securities issuable upon such exercise shall be duly and validly issued
 fully paid and non-assessable and not subject to preemptive
rights of any stockholder. As long as the Purchase Options shall be outstanding
 the Company shall use its best efforts to cause
all (i) Units and Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Purchase Options (including the Common Stock underlying the Rights)
(ii) Warrants issuable upon exercise of the Purchase Options
 (iii) Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Rights included
in the Units issuable upon exercise of the Purchase Option and (iv) Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants included
in the Units issuable upon exercise of the Purchase Option to be listed (subject to official notice of issuance) on all securities
exchanges (or
 if applicable on the OTC Bulletin Board or any successor trading market) on which the Units
 the Common Stock or
the Public Warrants issued to the public in connection herewith may then be listed and/or quoted.



    
    


Certain
Notice Requirements

Holder&rsquo;s
Right to Receive Notice
stockholder for the election of directors or any other matter
 or as having any rights whatsoever as a stockholder of the Company.
If
 however
 at any time prior to the expiration of the Purchase Options and their exercise
 any of the events described in Section
8.2 shall occur
 then
 in one or more of said events
 the Company shall give written notice of such event at least fifteen days
prior to the date fixed as a record date or the date of closing the transfer books for the determination of the stockholders entitled
to such dividend
 distribution
 conversion or exchange of securities or subscription rights
 or entitled to vote on such proposed
dissolution
 liquidation
 winding up or sale. Such notice shall specify such record date or the date of the closing of the transfer
books
 as the case may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the Company shall deliver to each Holder a copy of each notice given
to the other stockholders of the Company at the same time and in the same manner that such notice is given to the stockholders.

Events
Requiring Notice
events: (i) if the Company shall take a record of the holders of its Common Stock for the purpose of entitling them to receive
a dividend or distribution payable otherwise than in cash
 or a cash dividend or distribution payable otherwise than out of retained
earnings
 as indicated by the accounting treatment of such dividend or distribution on the books of the Company
 or (ii) the Company
shall offer to all the holders of its Common Stock any additional shares of the Company or securities convertible into or exchangeable
for shares of the Company
 or any option
 right or warrant to subscribe therefor
 or (iii) a dissolution
 liquidation or winding
up of the Company (other than in connection with a consolidation or merger) or a sale of all or substantially all of its property
assets and business shall be proposed.

Notice
of Change in Exercise Price
 promptly after an event requiring a change in the Exercise Price pursuant to
Section 6 hereof
&rdquo;). The Price Notice
shall describe the event causing the change and the method of calculating same and shall be certified as being true and accurate
by the Company&rsquo;s President and Chief Financial Officer.

Transmittal
of Notices
 requests
 consents and other communications under this Purchase Option shall be in writing and shall
be deemed to have been duly made when hand delivered
 or mailed by express mail or private courier service: (i) if to the registered
Holder of the Purchase Option
 to the address of such Holder as shown on the books of the Company
 or (ii) if to the Company
 to
the following address or to such other address as the Company may designate by notice to the Holders:





 MN 55403

 Chief Executive Officer




.
The Company and EBC may from time to time supplement or amend this Purchase Option without the approval of any of the Holders in
order to cure any ambiguity
 to correct or supplement any provision contained herein that may be defective or inconsistent with
any other provisions herein
 or to make any other provisions in regard to matters or questions arising hereunder that the Company
and EBC may deem necessary or desirable and that the Company and EBC deem shall not adversely affect the interest of the Holders.
All other modifications or amendments shall require the written consent of and be signed by the party against whom enforcement
of the modification or amendment is sought.

.
The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference
 and shall not in any way limit or affect the
meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Purchase Option.



    
    


Entire
Agreement
with this Purchase Option) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof
 and
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings of the parties
 oral and written
 with respect to the subject matter hereof.

Binding
Effect
 the Holder and the Company and
their permitted assignees
 respective successors
 legal representative and assigns
 and no other person shall have or be construed
to have any legal or equitable right
 remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Purchase Option or any provisions
herein contained.

Governing
Law; Submission to Jurisdiction
laws of the State of New York
 without giving effect to conflict of laws. The Company hereby agrees that any action
 proceeding
or claim against it arising out of
 or relating in any way to this Purchase Option shall be brought and enforced in the courts
of the State of New York or of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York and irrevocably submits to such
jurisdiction
 which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and
that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting
a copy thereof by registered or certified mail
 return receipt requested
 postage prepaid
 addressed to it at the address set
forth in Section 8 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any
action
 proceeding or claim. The Company and the Holder agree that the prevailing party(ies) in any such action shall be entitled
to recover from the other party(ies) all of its reasonable attorneys&rsquo; fees and expenses relating to such action or proceeding
and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor.

Waiver
Etc
be deemed or construed to be a waiver of any such provision
 nor to in any way affect the validity of this Purchase Option or any
provision hereof or the right of the Company or any Holder to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Purchase Option.
No waiver of any breach
 non-compliance or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Purchase Option shall be effective
unless set forth in a written instrument executed by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought;
and no waiver of any such breach
 non-compliance or non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or
subsequent breach or non-compliance.

Execution
in Counterparts
 and by the different parties hereto in separate
counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed to be an original
 but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
agreement
 and shall become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered
to each of the other parties hereto.

Exchange
Agreement
 Holder agrees that
 at any
time prior to the complete exercise of this Purchase Option by Holder
Exchange
&rdquo;) pursuant to which they agree that all outstanding Purchase Options will be exchanged for securities or
cash or a combination of both
 then Holder shall agree to such exchange and become a party to the Exchange Agreement.


    
    



 the Company has caused
this Purchase Option to be signed by its duly authorized officer as of the ____ day of __________
 2017.



    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    








 MN 55403



 20___


to exercise all or a portion of the within Purchase Option and to purchase ____ Units of Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. and hereby
makes payment of $____________ (at the rate of $11.50 per Unit) in payment of the Exercise Price pursuant thereto. Please issue
the securities as to which this Purchase Option is exercised in accordance with the instructions given below.



to convert its right to purchase _________ Units purchasable under the within Purchase Option by surrender of the unexercised portion
of the attached Purchase Option (with a &ldquo;Value&rdquo; based of $_______ based on a &ldquo;Market Price&rdquo; of $_______).
Please issue the securities comprising the Units as to which this Purchase Option is exercised in accordance with the instructions
given below.




    
NOTICE:&nbsp;&nbsp;The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the purchase option in every particular
 without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever.







THE SIGNATURE(S) SHOULD BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS
 STOCKBROKERS
 SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM
 PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15).








    

    






    




    
    







to effect a transfer of the within Purchase Option):


______________________________________________
does hereby sell
 assign and transfer unto___________________________________________ the right to purchase __________ Units of
&rdquo;) evidenced by the within Purchase Option and does hereby authorize
the Company to transfer such right on the books of the Company.


 20__



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
NOTICE:&nbsp;&nbsp;The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the purchase option in every particular
 without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever.







THE SIGNATURE(S) SHOULD BE GUARANTEED BY AN ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS
 STOCKBROKERS
 SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM
 PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15).




    














     





 2017&nbsp;



 Inc.&nbsp;
 Street
 Suite 410&nbsp;

 Minnesota 55403&nbsp;


Inc.&nbsp;

Madison Avenue
 8

York
 New York 10017&nbsp;

Initial
Public Offering&nbsp;




&rdquo;) entered into by and
between Black Ridge Acquisition Corp.
&rdquo;)
 and EarlyBirdCapital
&rdquo;) of the several Underwriters named in Schedule I thereto
&rdquo;)
&rdquo;)
&rdquo;)
 each comprised of one share of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock
&rdquo;)
 one right to receive one-tenth of one share
of Common Stock (each
 a &ldquo;Right&rdquo;) and one warrant
 each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock (each
a &ldquo;


Company and the Underwriters to enter into the Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the IPO
 and in recognition of the benefit
that such IPO will confer upon the undersigned
 and for other good and valuable consideration
 the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged
 the undersigned hereby agrees with the Company as follows:&nbsp;


the Company solicits approval of its stockholders of a Business Combination
 the undersigned will vote all shares of Common Stock
beneficially owned by him
 whether acquired before
 in or after the IPO
 in favor of such Business Combination.&nbsp;



    
    



the event that the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Company&rsquo;s
Certificate of Incorporation
 as the same may be amended from time to time
 the undersigned will
 as promptly as possible
 cause
the Company to (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
 but not
more than 10 business days thereafter
 redeem 100% of the Common Stock sold as part of the Units in the IPO (the &ldquo;Offering
Shares&rdquo;)
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including
interest earned on the Trust Account not previously released to the Company to pay its income and other taxes
 divided by the
number of then outstanding public shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders&rsquo; rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following
such redemption
 subject to the approval of the Company&rsquo;s remaining stockholders and the Company&rsquo;s board of directors
dissolve and liquidate
 subject in the cases of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the Company&rsquo;s obligations under Delaware law to
provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable law. The undersigned hereby waives any and all right
 title
interest or claim of any kind in or to any distribution of the Trust Account and any remaining net assets of the Company as a
result of such liquidation with respect to his shares of Founders&rsquo; Common Stock (&ldquo;Claim&rdquo;) and hereby waives
any Claim the undersigned may have in the future as a result of
 or arising out of
 any contracts or agreements with the Company
and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that there
will be no distribution from the Trust Account with respect to any Warrants or Rights
 all rights of which will terminate on the
Company&rsquo;s liquidation.&nbsp;


undersigned acknowledges and agrees that prior to entering into a Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated
with any Insiders of the Company or their affiliates
 such transaction must be approved by a majority of the Company&rsquo;s disinterested
independent directors and the Company must obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
 or another independent
entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target business the Company is seeking to acquire
 that such Business
Combination is fair to the Company&rsquo;s unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view.&nbsp;


the undersigned
 any member of the family of the undersigned
 nor any affiliate of the undersigned will be entitled to receive
and will not accept any compensation or other cash payment prior to
 or for services rendered in order to effectuate
 the consummation
of the Business Combination; provided that the Company shall be allowed to make the payments set forth in the Registration Statement
under the caption &ldquo;Prospectus Summary &ndash; The Offering &ndash; Limited payments to insiders.&rdquo; Notwithstanding
the foregoing
 the undersigned and any affiliate of the undersigned shall be entitled to reimbursement from the Company for their
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying
 investigating and consummating a Business Combination.&nbsp;


the undersigned
 any member of the family of the undersigned
 nor any affiliate of the undersigned will be entitled to receive
or accept a finder&rsquo;s fee or any other compensation in the event the undersigned
 any member of the family of the undersigned
or any affiliate of the undersigned originates a Business Combination.&nbsp;



    
    



undersigned will place into escrow all of his shares of Founders&rsquo; Common Stock
 if any
 pursuant to the terms of a Stock
Escrow Agreement which the Company will enter into with the undersigned and an escrow agent.&nbsp;


order to minimize potential conflicts of interest that may arise from multiple corporate affiliations
 the undersigned hereby
agrees that until the earliest of the Company&rsquo;s initial Business Combination or liquidation
 the undersigned shall present
to the Company for its consideration
 prior to presentation to any other entity
 any target business that has a fair market value
of at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the
income accrued on the Trust Account)
 subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations the undersigned might have.&nbsp;


undersigned hereby agrees and acknowledges that (i) each of the Underwriters and the Company may be irreparably injured in the
event of a breach of any of the obligations contained in this letter
 (ii) monetary damages may not be an adequate remedy for
such breach and (iii) the non-breaching party shall be entitled to injunctive relief
 in addition to any other remedy that such
party may have in law or in equity
 in the event of such breach.&nbsp;


undersigned agrees to be an Officer and/or Director of the Company until the earlier of the consummation by the Company of a Business
Combination or the liquidation of the Company. The undersigned&rsquo;s biographical information previously furnished to the Company
and the Representative is true and accurate in all respects
 does not omit any material information with respect to the undersigned&rsquo;s
background and contains all of the information required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 401 of Regulation S-K
 promulgated under
the Securities Act of 1933. The undersigned&rsquo;s FINRA Questionnaire previously furnished to the Company and the Representative
is true and accurate in all respects. The undersigned represents and warrants that:&nbsp;


he is not subject to
 or a respondent in
 any legal action for
 any injunction
 cease-and-desist
order or order or stipulation to desist or refrain from any act or practice relating to the offering of securities in any jurisdiction;



he has never been convicted of or pleaded guilty to any crime (i) involving any fraud or (ii) relating
to any financial transaction or handling of funds of another person
 or (iii) pertaining to any dealings in any securities and
he is not currently a defendant in any such criminal proceeding; and



he has never been suspended or expelled from membership in any securities or commodities exchange
or association or had a securities or commodities license or registration denied
 suspended or revoked.


undersigned has full right and power
 without violating any agreement by which he is bound
 to enter into this letter agreement
and to serve as an Officer and/or Director of the Company.



    
    



undersigned hereby waives his right to exercise conversion rights with respect to any shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
owned or to be owned by the undersigned
 directly or indirectly (or to sell such shares to the Company in a tender offer)
 whether
such shares be part of the Founders&rsquo; Common Stock or shares purchased by the undersigned in the IPO or in the aftermarket
and agrees that he will not seek conversion with respect to such shares in connection with any vote to approve a Business Combination
(or sell such shares to the Company in a tender offer in connection with such a Business Combination).&nbsp;


undersigned hereby agrees to not propose
 or vote in favor of
 an amendment to the Company&rsquo;s Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation that would affect the ability of holders of IPO Shares to convert or sell their shares to the Company in connection
with a Business Combination or affect the substance or timing of the Company&rsquo;s obligation to redeem 100% of the IPO Shares
if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Company&rsquo;s Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation unless the Company provides public stockholders with the opportunity to convert their IPO Shares
upon such approval in accordance with the charter.&nbsp;


letter agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York


The undersigned hereby (i) agrees that any action
 proceeding or claim against him arising out of or relating in any way to this
letter agreement (a &ldquo;Proceeding&rdquo;) shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York of the United
States of America for the Southern District of New York
 and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction
 which jurisdiction shall
be exclusive
 (ii) waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum and
(iii) irrevocably agrees to appoint Graubard Miller as agent for the service of process in the State of New York to receive
 for
the undersigned and on his behalf
 service of process in any Proceeding. If for any reason such agent is unable to act as such
the undersigned will promptly notify the Company and the Representative and appoint a substitute agent acceptable to each of the
Company and the Representative within 30 days and nothing in this letter will affect the right of either party to serve process
in any other manner permitted by law.&nbsp;


used herein
 (i) a &ldquo;Business Combination&rdquo; shall mean a merger
 share exchange
 asset acquisition
 stock purchase
recapitalization
 reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities; (ii) &ldquo;Insiders&rdquo;
shall mean all officers
 directors and sponsors of the Company immediately prior to the IPO; (iii) &ldquo;Founders&rsquo; Common
Stock&rdquo; shall mean all of the shares of Common Stock of the Company acquired by an Insider prior to the IPO; (iv) &ldquo;IPO
Shares&rdquo; shall mean the shares of Common Stock issued in the Company&rsquo;s IPO; (v) &ldquo;Private Units&rdquo; shall mean
the units that are being sold privately by the Company simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO; (vi) &ldquo;Trust Account&rdquo;
shall mean the trust account into which a portion of the net proceeds of the Company&rsquo;s IPO will be deposited; and (vii)
&ldquo;Registration Statement&rdquo; means the Company&rsquo;s registration statement on Form S-1 (SEC File No. 333-220516) filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission.&nbsp;



    
    



Letter Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter hereof
and supersedes all prior understandings
 agreements
 or representations by or among the parties hereto
 written or oral
 to the
extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. This Letter Agreement may
not be changed
 amended
 modified or waived (other than to correct a typographical error) as to any particular provision
 except
by a written instrument executed by all parties hereto.&nbsp;


undersigned acknowledges and understands that the Underwriters and the Company will rely upon the agreements
 representations
and warranties set forth herein in proceeding with the IPO. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to render the Underwriters
a representative of
 or a fiduciary with respect to
 the Company
 its stockholders or any creditor or vendor of the Company with
respect to the subject matter hereof.&nbsp;


letter agreement shall be binding on the undersigned and such person&rsquo;s respective successors
 heirs
 personal representatives
and assigns. This letter agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (i)&nbsp;the consummation of a Business Combination and (ii)&nbsp;the
liquidation of the Company; 
 that such termination shall not relieve the undersigned from liability for any breach
of this agreement prior to its termination.&nbsp;





    
    






    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




    
    



____________
__
 2017

Black
Ridge Acquisition Corp.
c/o
Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
110
Street
 Suite 410
Minneapolis
Minnesota 55403

EarlyBirdCapital
Inc.
366
Madison Avenue
 8
New
York
 New York 10017

Initial
Public Offering



This
&rdquo;)
entered into by and between Black Ridge Acquisition Corp.
&rdquo;)
 and
EarlyBirdCapital
&rdquo;) of the several Underwriters named in
&rdquo;)
&rdquo;)
&rdquo;)
 each comprised of one share of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock
&rdquo;)
 one right to receive one-tenth of one share
of Common Stock (each
&rdquo;) and one warrant
 each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common
Stock (each
 a &ldquo;

In
order to induce the Company and the Underwriters to enter into the Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the IPO
 and in
recognition of the benefit that such IPO will confer upon the undersigned
 and for other good and valuable consideration
 the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged
 each of the undersigned hereby agrees with the Company as follows:

1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;If
the Company solicits approval of its stockholders of a Business Combination
 each of the undersigned will vote all shares of Common
Stock beneficially owned by it
 whether acquired before
 in or after the IPO
 in favor of such Business Combination.



    
    


2.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In
the event that the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Company&rsquo;s
Certificate of Incorporation
 as the same may be amended from time to time
 each of the undersigned will
 as promptly as possible
cause the Company to (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
 but
not more than 10 business days thereafter
 redeem 100% of the Common Stock sold as part of the Units in the IPO (the &ldquo;Offering
Shares&rdquo;)
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including
interest earned on the Trust Account not previously released to the Company to pay its income and other taxes
 divided by the
number of then outstanding public shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders&rsquo; rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following
such redemption
 subject to the approval of the Company&rsquo;s remaining stockholders and the Company&rsquo;s board of directors
dissolve and liquidate
 subject in the cases of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the Company&rsquo;s obligations under Delaware law to
provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable law. Each of the undersigned hereby waives any and all right
title
 interest or claim of any kind in or to any distribution of the Trust Account and any remaining net assets of the Company
as a result of such liquidation with respect to the shares of Founders&rsquo; Common Stock owned by the undersigned (&ldquo;Claim&rdquo;)
and hereby waives any Claim the undersigned may have in the future as a result of
 or arising out of
 any contracts or agreements
with the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. In the event of the liquidation
of the Trust Account
 Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company for any debts and obligations
to target businesses or vendors or other entities that are owed money by the Company for services rendered or contracted for or
products sold to the Company
 but only to the extent necessary to ensure that such debt or obligation does not reduce the amount
of funds in the Trust Account below $10.05 per share; provided that such indemnity shall not apply (i) if such vendor or prospective
target business executed an agreement waiving any right
 title
 interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies
held in the Trust Account
 or (ii) as to any claims under the Company&rsquo;s obligation to indemnify the Underwriters against
certain liabilities
 including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;). Each
of the undersigned acknowledges and agrees that there will be no distribution from the Trust Account with respect to any Warrants
or Rights
 all rights of which will terminate on the Company&rsquo;s liquidation.

3.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Each
of the undersigned acknowledges and agrees that prior to entering into a Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated
with any Insiders of the Company or their affiliates
 such transaction must be approved by a majority of the Company&rsquo;s disinterested
independent directors and the Company must obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
 or another independent
entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target business the Company is seeking to acquire
 that such Business
Combination is fair to the Company&rsquo;s unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view.

4.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Neither
of the undersigned
 any member of the family of the undersigned
 nor any affiliate of the undersigned will be entitled to receive
and will not accept any compensation or other cash payment prior to
 or for services rendered in order to effectuate
 the consummation
of the Business Combination; provided that the Company shall be allowed to make the payments set forth in the Registration Statement
under the caption &ldquo;Prospectus Summary &ndash; The Offering &ndash; Limited payments to insiders.&rdquo;



    
    


5.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Neither
of the undersigned
 any member of the family of the undersigned
 nor any affiliate of the undersigned will be entitled to receive
or accept a finder&rsquo;s fee or any other compensation in the event either of the undersigned
 any member of the family of the
undersigned or any affiliate of the undersigned originates a Business Combination.

6.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Black
Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. will place into escrow all shares of Founders&rsquo; Common Stock
 portions of which shall be subject
to forfeiture in the event the Underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option in full
 pursuant to the terms of a Stock
Escrow Agreement which the Company will enter into with Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and an escrow agent.

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Black
Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. agrees that until after the Company consummates a Business Combination
 the undersigned&rsquo;s Private
Units (and underlying securities) will be subject to the transfer restrictions described in the subscription agreement relating
to the undersigned&rsquo;s Private Unit purchase.

7.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In
order to minimize potential conflicts of interest that may arise from multiple corporate affiliations
 each of the undersigned
hereby agrees that until the earliest of the Company&rsquo;s initial Business Combination or liquidation
 the undersigned shall
present to the Company for its consideration
 prior to presentation to any other entity
 any suitable target business
 subject
to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations the undersigned might have.

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Each
of the undersigned agrees not to participate in the formation of
 or become an officer or director of
 any blank check company
until the Company has entered into a definitive agreement regarding its initial Business Combination or the Company has failed
to complete an initial Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Company&rsquo;s Certificate of Incorporation
as the same may be amended from time to time.

8.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Ken
DeCubellis agrees to be the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company until the earlier of the consummation
by the Company of a Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company. Mr. DeCubellis&rsquo; biographical information previously
furnished to the Company and the Representative is true and accurate in all respects
 does not omit any material information with
respect to the undersigned&rsquo;s background and contains all of the information required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 401
of Regulation S-K
 promulgated under the Securities Act. Mr. DeCubellis&rsquo; FINRA Questionnaire previously furnished to the
Company and the Representative is true and accurate in all respects. Mr. DeCubellis represents and warrants that:


he
is not subject to
 or a respondent in
 any legal action for
 any injunction
 cease-and-desist order or order or stipulation to
desist or refrain from any act or practice relating to the offering of securities in any jurisdiction;




    
    



he
has never been convicted of or pleaded guilty to any crime (i) involving any fraud or (ii) relating to any financial transaction
or handling of funds of another person
 or (iii) pertaining to any dealings in any securities and he is not currently a defendant
in any such criminal proceeding; and



he
has never been suspended or expelled from membership in any securities or commodities exchange or association or had a securities
or commodities license or registration denied
 suspended or revoked.


9.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Each
of the undersigned has full right and power
 without violating any agreement by which he or it is bound
 to enter into this letter
agreement and with respect to Mr. DeCubellis
 to serve as an officer of the Company.

10.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Each
of the undersigned hereby waives any right to exercise conversion rights with respect to any shares of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock owned or to be owned by the undersigned
 directly or indirectly (or to sell such shares to the Company in a tender offer)
whether such shares be part of the Founders&rsquo; Common Stock or shares purchased by the undersigned in the IPO or in the aftermarket
and each agrees not to seek conversion with respect to such shares in connection with any vote to approve a Business Combination
(or sell such shares to the Company in a tender offer in connection with such a Business Combination).

11.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Each
of the undersigned hereby agrees to not propose
 or vote in favor of
 an amendment to the Company&rsquo;s Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation that would affect the ability of holders of IPO Shares to convert or sell their shares
to the Company in connection with a Business Combination or affect the substance or timing of the Company&rsquo;s obligation
to redeem 100% of the IPO Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the time period set forth in
the Company&rsquo;s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation unless the Company provides public stockholders with
the opportunity to convert their IPO Shares upon such approval in accordance with the charter.

12.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In
the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination and must liquidate and its remaining net assets are insufficient
to complete such liquidation
 Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. agrees to advance such funds necessary to complete such liquidation
and agrees not to seek repayment for such expenses.

13.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This
letter agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York
 without
giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.
Each of the undersigned hereby (i) agrees that any action
 proceeding or claim against him arising out of or relating in any way
to this letter agreement (a &ldquo;Proceeding&rdquo;) shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York of
the United States of America for the Southern District of New York
 and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction
 which jurisdiction
shall be exclusive
 (ii) waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum
and (iii) irrevocably agrees to appoint Graubard Miller as agent for the service of process in the State of New York to receive
for the undersigned and on his behalf
 service of process in any Proceeding. If for any reason such agent is unable to act as
such
 the undersigned will promptly notify the Company and the Representative and appoint a substitute agent acceptable to each
of the Company and the Representative within 30 days and nothing in this letter will affect the right of either party to serve
process in any other manner permitted by law.



    
    


14.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As
used herein
 (i) a &ldquo;Business Combination&rdquo; shall mean a merger
 share exchange
 asset acquisition
 stock purchase
recapitalization
 reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities; (ii) &ldquo;Insiders&rdquo;
shall mean all officers
 directors and sponsor of the Company immediately prior to the IPO; (iii) &ldquo;Founders&rsquo; Common
Stock&rdquo; shall mean all of the shares of Common Stock of the Company acquired by an Insider prior to the IPO; (iv) &ldquo;IPO
Shares&rdquo; shall mean the shares of Common Stock issued in the Company&rsquo;s IPO; (v) &ldquo;Private Units&rdquo; shall mean
the units that are being sold privately by the Company simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO; (vi) &ldquo;Trust Account&rdquo;
shall mean the trust account into which a portion of the net proceeds of the IPO will be deposited; and (vii) &ldquo;Registration
Statement&rdquo; means the Company&rsquo;s registration statement on Form S-1 (SEC File No. 333-220516) filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission.

15.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This
Letter Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter hereof
and supersedes all prior understandings
 agreements
 or representations by or among the parties hereto
 written or oral
 to the
extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. This Letter Agreement may
not be changed
 amended
 modified or waived (other than to correct a typographical error) as to any particular provision
 except
by a written instrument executed by all parties hereto.

16.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Each
of the undersigned acknowledges and understands that the Underwriters and the Company will rely upon the agreements
 representations
and warranties set forth herein in proceeding with the IPO. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to render the Underwriters
a representative of
 or a fiduciary with respect to
 the Company
 its stockholders or any creditor or vendor of the Company with
respect to the subject matter hereof.

17.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Each
of the undersigned acknowledges and agrees that (a) each of the Underwriters and the Company would be irreparably injured in the
event of a breach by the undersigned of its obligations in this letter agreement
 (b) monetary damages may not be an adequate
remedy for such breach and (c) the non-breaching party shall be entitled to injunctive relief
 in addition to any other remedy
that such party may have in law or in equity
 in the event of such breach.



    
    


17.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This
letter agreement shall be binding on the undersigned and such person&rsquo;s respective successors
 heirs
 personal representatives
and assigns. This letter agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (i)&nbsp;the consummation of a Business Combination and (ii)&nbsp;the
liquidation of the Company; 
 that such termination shall not relieve the undersigned from liability for any breach
of this agreement prior to its termination.

[Signature
Page Follows]


    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
EarlyBirdCapital
 Inc.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    













     




INVESTMENT
MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT

This
Agreement is made as of __________
 2017 by and between Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) and Continental
Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company (&ldquo;Trustee&rdquo;).

WHEREAS
the Company&rsquo;s registration statement on Form S-1
 No. 333-_______ (&ldquo;Registration Statement&rdquo;) for its initial
public offering of securities (&ldquo;IPO&rdquo;) has been declared effective as of the date hereof (&ldquo;Effective Date&rdquo;)
by the Securities and Exchange Commission (capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set
forth in the Registration Statement); and

WHEREAS
EarlyBirdCapital
 Inc. (&ldquo;EarlyBirdCapital&rdquo;) is acting as the representative of the underwriters in the IPO; and

WHEREAS
as described in the Registration Statement
 and in accordance with the Company&rsquo;s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
$100
500
000 ($115
575
000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) of the proceeds from the IPO and a simultaneous
private placement of units will be delivered to the Trustee to be deposited and held in a trust account for the benefit of the
Company and the holders of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 par value $.0001 per share (&ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;)
 issued in
the IPO as hereinafter provided (the proceeds to be delivered to the Trustee will be referred to herein as the &ldquo;Property&rdquo;;
the stockholders for whose benefit the Trustee shall hold the Property will be referred to as the &ldquo;Public Stockholders
&rdquo;
and the Public Stockholders and the Company will be referred to together as the &ldquo;Beneficiaries&rdquo;); and

WHEREAS
the Company and the Trustee desire to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which the Trustee
shall hold the Property;

IT
IS AGREED:

Agreements
and Covenants of Trustee

(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Hold
the Property in trust for the Beneficiaries in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in a segregated trust account (&ldquo;Trust
Account&rdquo;) established by the Trustee at JP Morgan Chase Bank
 NA in the United States
 maintained by Trustee
 and at a brokerage
institution selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company;

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Manage
supervise and administer the Trust Account subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein;


    
    


(c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In
a timely manner
 upon the written instruction of the Company
 invest and reinvest the Property in United States &ldquo;government
securities&rdquo; within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940
 as amended (the &ldquo;Investment
Company Act&rdquo;)
 having a maturity of 180 days or less
 and/or in any open ended investment company registered under the Investment
Company Act that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraph (d) of Rule
2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act
 which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations; it being
understood that the Trust Account will earn no interest while account funds are uninvested awaiting the Company&rsquo;s instructions
hereunder;

(d)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Collect
and receive
 when due
 all principal and income arising from the Property
 which shall become part of the &ldquo;Property
&rdquo;
as such term is used herein;

(e)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Notify
the Company and EarlyBirdCapital of all communications received by it with respect to any Property requiring action by the Company;

(f)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Supply
any necessary information or documents as may be requested by the Company in connection with the Company&rsquo;s preparation of
its tax returns;

(g)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Participate
in any plan or proceeding for protecting or enforcing any right or interest arising from the Property if
 as and when instructed
by the Company to do so;

(h)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Render
to the Company monthly written statements of the activities of and amounts in the Trust Account reflecting all receipts and disbursements
of the Trust Account;

(i)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Commence
liquidation of the Trust Account only after and promptly after receipt of
 and only in accordance with
 the terms of a letter
(&ldquo;Termination Letter&rdquo;)
 in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as either Exhibit A or Exhibit B
signed on behalf of the Company by its President
 Chief Executive Officer or Vice President and Secretary or Assistant Secretary
affirmed by counsel for the Company and
 in the case of a Termination Letter in a form substantially similar to that attached
hereto as Exhibit A
 acknowledged and agreed to by EarlyBirdCapital
 and complete the liquidation of the Trust Account and distribute
the Property in the Trust Account only as directed in the Termination Letter and the other documents referred to therein; provided
however
 that in the event that a Termination Letter has not been received by the Trustee within the period of time provided in
the Company&rsquo;s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 as the same may be amended from time to time (&ldquo;Last
Date&rdquo;)
 the Trust Account shall be liquidated in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Termination Letter attached
as Exhibit B hereto and distributed to the Public Stockholders as of the Last Date. The provisions of this Section 1(i) may not
be modified
 amended or deleted under any circumstances; and

(j)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Distribute
upon receipt of an Amendment Notification Letter (defined below)
 to Public Stockholders who exercised their conversion rights
in connection with an Amendment (defined below) an amount equal to the pro rata share of the Property relating to the Common Stock
for which such Public Stockholders have exercised conversion rights in connection with such Amendment.


    
    


Limited
Distributions of Income from Trust Account

(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Upon
written request from the Company
 which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto
as Exhibit C
 the Trustee shall distribute to the Company the amount of interest income earned on the Trust Account requested
by the Company to cover any income or other tax obligation owed by the Company as a result of such interest income.

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Upon
written request from the Company
 which may be given in connection with the Company&rsquo;s liquidation and dissolution in a form
substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit D
 the Trustee shall distribute to the Company the amount of interest
income earned on the Trust Account requested by the Company to cover such liquidation and dissolution expenses up to $50
000;
provided
 however
ccount
unless there is an amount of interest income available in the Trust Account sufficient to pay the Company&rsquo;s tax obligations
on such interest income.

(c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
limited distributions referred to in Sections 2(a) and 2(b) above shall be made only from income collected on the Property. Except
as provided in Section 2(a)
 and 2(b) above
 no other distributions from the Trust Account shall be permitted except in accordance
with Sections 1(i) or 1(j) hereof.

(d)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company shall provide EarlyBirdCapital with a copy of any Termination Letters and/or any other correspondence that it issues to
the Trustee with respect to any proposed withdrawal from the Trust Account promptly after such issuance.

Agreements
and Covenants of the Company

(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Give
all instructions to the Trustee hereunder in writing
 signed by the Company&rsquo;s Chairman of the Board
 Vice Chairman of the
Board
 Chief Executive Officer
 President or Chief Financial Officer. In addition
 except with respect to its duties under Sections
1(i)
 1(j)
 2(a) and 2(b) above
 the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on
 and shall be protected in relying on
 any verbal or
telephonic advice or instruction which it in good faith believes to be given by any one of the persons authorized above to give
written instructions
 provided that the Company shall promptly confirm such instructions in writing;

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Subject
to the provisions of Sections 5 and 7(g) of this Agreement
 hold the Trustee harmless and indemnify the Trustee from and against
any and all expenses
 including reasonable counsel fees and disbursements
 or loss suffered by the Trustee in connection with
any claim
 potential claim
 action
 suit or other proceeding brought against the Trustee involving any claim
 or in connection
with any claim or demand which in any way arises out of or relates to this Agreement
 the services of the Trustee hereunder
 or
the Property or any income earned from investment of the Property
 except for expenses and losses resulting from the Trustee&rsquo;s
gross negligence or willful misconduct. Promptly after the receipt by the Trustee of notice of demand or claim or the commencement
of any action
 suit or proceeding
 pursuant to which the Trustee intends to seek indemnification under this paragraph
 it shall
notify the Company in writing of such claim (hereinafter referred to as the &ldquo;Indemnified Claim&rdquo;). The Trustee shall
have the right to conduct and manage the defense against such Indemnified Claim
 provided
 that the Trustee shall obtain the consent
of the Company with respect to the selection of counsel
 which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Trustee may not
agree to settle any Indemnified Claim without the prior written consent of the Company
 which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld. The Company may participate in such action with its own counsel;


    
    


(c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pay
the Trustee an initial acceptance fee
 an annual fee and a transaction processing fee for each disbursement made pursuant to Sections
2(a) and 2(b) as set forth on Schedule A hereto
 which fees shall be subject to modification by the parties from time to time.
It is expressly understood that the Property shall not be used to pay such fees and further agreed that any fees owed to the Trustee
shall be deducted by the Trustee from the disbursements made to the Company pursuant to Sections 1(i) solely in connection with
the consummation of a Business Combination
 or pursuant to Section 2(b). The Company shall pay the Trustee the initial acceptance
fee and first year&rsquo;s fee at the consummation of the IPO and thereafter on the anniversary of the Effective Date;

(d)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In
connection with any vote of the Company&rsquo;s stockholders regarding a Business Combination
 provide to the Trustee an affidavit
or certificate of a firm regularly engaged in the business of soliciting proxies and/or tabulating stockholder votes verifying
the vote of the Company&rsquo;s stockholders regarding such Business Combination;

(e)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In
the event that the Company directs the Trustee to commence liquidation of the Trust Account pursuant to Section 1(i)
 the Company
agrees that it will not direct the Trustee to make any payments that are not specifically authorized by this Agreement; and

(f)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;If
the Company seeks to amend any provisions of Article Sixth of its amended and restated certificate of incorporation (in each case
an &ldquo;Amendment&rdquo;)
 provide the Trustee with a letter (an &ldquo;Amendment Notification Letter&rdquo;) in the form of
Exhibit E providing instructions for the distribution of funds to Public Stockholders who exercise their conversion option in
connection with such Amendment.

Limitations
of Liability

(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Take
any action with respect to the Property
 other than as directed in Sections 1 and 2 hereof and the Trustee shall have no liability
to any party except for liability arising out of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct;

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Institute
any proceeding for the collection of any principal and income arising from
 or institute
 appear in or defend any proceeding of
any kind with respect to
 any of the Property unless and until it shall have received instructions from the Company given as provided
herein to do so and the Company shall have advanced or guaranteed to it funds sufficient to pay any expenses incident thereto;


    
    


(c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Change
the investment of any Property
 other than in compliance with Section 1(c);

(d)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Refund
any depreciation in principal of any Property;

(e)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Assume
that the authority of any person designated by the Company to give instructions hereunder shall not be continuing unless provided
otherwise in such designation
 or unless the Company shall have delivered a written revocation of such authority to the Trustee;

(f)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
other parties hereto or to anyone else for any action taken or omitted by it
 or any action suffered by it to be taken or omitted
in good faith and in the exercise of its own best judgment
 except for its gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Trustee
may rely conclusively and shall be protected in acting upon any order
 notice
 demand
 certificate
 opinion or advice of counsel
(including counsel chosen by the Trustee)
 statement
 instrument
 report or other paper or document (not only as to its due execution
and the validity and effectiveness of its provisions
 but also as to the truth and acceptability of any information therein contained)
which is believed by the Trustee
 in good faith
 to be genuine and to be signed or presented by the proper person or persons.
The Trustee shall not be bound by any notice or demand
 or any waiver
 modification
 termination or rescission of this Agreement
or any of the terms hereof
 unless evidenced by a written instrument delivered to the Trustee signed by the proper party or parties
and
 if the duties or rights of the Trustee are affected
 unless it shall give its prior written consent thereto;

(g)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Verify
the correctness of the information set forth in the Registration Statement or to confirm or assure that any acquisition made by
the Company or any other action taken by it is as contemplated by the Registration Statement;

(h)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;File
local
 state and/or federal tax returns or information returns with any taxing authority on behalf of the Trust Account and payee
statements with the Company documenting the taxes
 if any
 payable by the Company or the Trust Account
 relating to the income
earned on the Property;

(i)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Pay
any taxes on behalf of the Trust Account (it being expressly understood that the Property shall not be used to pay any such taxes
and that such taxes
 if any
 shall be paid by the Company from funds not held in the Trust Account or released to it under Section
2(a) hereof);

(j)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Imply
obligations
 perform duties
 inquire or otherwise be subject to the provisions of any agreement or document other than this agreement
and that which is expressly set forth herein; or

(k)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Verify
calculations
 qualify or otherwise approve Company requests for distributions pursuant to Section 1(i)
 2(a) or 2(b) above.


    
    


Trust
Account Waiver
 title
 interest or claim of any kind (&ldquo;Claim&rdquo;)
to
 or to any monies in
 the Trust Account
 and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim to
 or to any monies in
 the Trust Account
that it may have now or in the future. In the event the Trustee has any Claim against the Company under this Agreement
 including
without limitation
 under Section 3(b) or Section 3(c) hereof
 the Trustee shall pursue such Claim solely against the Company
and its assets outside the Trust Account and not against the Property or any monies in the Trust Account.

.
This Agreement shall terminate as follows:

(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;If
the Trustee gives written notice to the Company that it desires to resign under this Agreement
 the Company shall use its reasonable
efforts to locate a successor trustee during which time the Trustee shall act in accordance with this Agreement. At such time
that the Company notifies the Trustee that a successor trustee has been appointed by the Company and has agreed to become subject
to the terms of this Agreement
 the Trustee shall transfer the management of the Trust Account to the successor trustee
 including
but not limited to the transfer of copies of the reports and statements relating to the Trust Account
 whereupon this Agreement
shall terminate; provided
 however
 that
 in the event that the Company does not locate a successor trustee within ninety days
of receipt of the resignation notice from the Trustee
 the Trustee may submit an application to have the Property deposited with
any court in the State of New York or with the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and upon such
deposit
 the Trustee shall be immune from any liability whatsoever; or

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;At
such time that the Trustee has completed the liquidation of the Trust Account in accordance with the provisions of Section 1(i)
hereof
 and distributed the Property in accordance with the provisions of the Termination Letter
 this Agreement shall terminate
except with respect to Section 3(b).



(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company and the Trustee each acknowledge that the Trustee will follow the security procedures set forth below with respect to
funds transferred from the Trust Account. The Company and the Trustee will each restrict access to confidential information relating
to such security procedures to authorized persons. Each party must notify the other party immediately if it has reason to believe
unauthorized persons may have obtained access to such information
 or of any change in its authorized personnel. In executing
funds transfers
 the Trustee will rely upon all information supplied to it by the Company
 including account names
 account numbers
and all other identifying information relating to a beneficiary
 beneficiary&rsquo;s bank or intermediary bank. The Trustee shall
not be liable for any loss
 liability or expense resulting from any error in the information or transmission of the wire.

(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This
Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York
 without giving
effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. This
Agreement may be executed in several original or facsimile counterparts
 each one of which shall constitute an original
 and together
shall constitute but one instrument.


    
    


(c)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This
Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Except
for Sections 1(i) and 1(j) (which may not be amended under any circumstances)
 this Agreement or any provision hereof may only
be changed
 amended or modified by a writing signed by each of the parties hereto; provided
 however
 that no such change
 amendment
or modification may be made without the prior written consent of EarlyBirdCapital. As to any claim
 cross-claim or counterclaim
in any way relating to this Agreement
 each party waives the right to trial by jury. The Trustee may require from Company counsel
an opinion as to the propriety of any proposed amendment.

(d)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
parties hereto consent to the jurisdiction and venue of any state or federal court located in the City of New York
 Borough of
Manhattan
 for purposes of resolving any disputes hereunder.

(e)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Any
notice
 consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service
 by certified mail (return receipt requested)
 by hand delivery
or by facsimile transmission:

if
to the Trustee
 to:

Continental
Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company
1
State Street Plaza
New
York
 New York 10004
Attn:
Fran Wolf and Sharmin Carter
Fax
No.: (212) 509-5150


    
    


if
to the Company
 to:

Black
Ridge Acquisition Corp.
c/o
Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
110
 Street
 Suite 410
Minneapolis
Minnesota 55403
Attn:
Ken DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer
Fax
No.: (___) ___-____

in
either case with a copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to:

EarlyBirdCapital
Inc.
366
Madison Avenue
New
York
 New York 10017
Attn:
General Counsel and Investment Banking Department
Facsimile:
(___) ___-____



Graubard
Miller
The
Chrysler Building
405
Lexington Avenue
New
York
 New York 10174
Attn:
David Alan Miller
 Esq.
Fax
No.: (212) 818-8881



Stinson
Leonard Street LLP
150
South Fifth Street
 Suite 2300
Minneapolis
MN 55402
Attn:
Jill R. Radloff
Fax
No.: (612) 335-1657



Greenberg
Traurig
 LLP
MetLife
Building
200
Park Avenue
New
York
 New York 10166
Attn:
Alan I. Annex
 Esq.
Fax
No.: (212) 801-9200

(f)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;This
Agreement may not be assigned by the Trustee without the prior consent of the Company.


    
    


(g)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Each
of the Trustee and the Company hereby represents that it has the full right and power and has been duly authorized to enter into
this Agreement and to perform its respective obligations as contemplated hereunder. The Trustee acknowledges and agrees that it
shall not make any claims or proceed against the Trust Account
 including by way of set-off
 and shall not be entitled to any
funds in the Trust Account under any circumstance. In the event that the Trustee has a claim against the Company under this Agreement
the Trustee will pursue such claim solely against the Company and not against the Property held in the Trust Account

(h)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Each
of the Company and the Trustee hereby acknowledge that EarlyBirdCapital is a third party beneficiary of this Agreement.

[Signature
Page Follows]


    
    


IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 the parties have duly executed this Investment Management Trust Agreement as of the date first written above.



    
CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER &amp; TRUST COMPANY
 as Trustee

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



    
    


SCHEDULE
A



Fee
    Item
Time
    and method of payment 
    

Initial
    acceptance fee
Initial
    closing of IPO by wire transfer
[$2
000]

Annual
    fee
First
    year
 initial closing of IPO by wire transfer; thereafter on the anniversary of the effective date of the IPO by wire transfer
    or check
[$10
000]

Transaction
    processing fee for disbursements to Company under Section 2
Deduction
    by Trustee from accumulated income following disbursement made to Company under Section 2
    

Paying
    Agent services as required pursuant to section 1(i)
Billed
    to Company upon delivery of service pursuant to section 1(i)
Prevailing
                                         rates
        



    
    


EXHIBIT
A

[Letterhead
of Company]

[Insert
date]

Continental
Stock Transfer
&amp;
Trust Company
1
State Street Plaza
New
York
 New York 10004
Attn:
Fran Wolf and Sharmin Carter

Trust
Account No. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- Termination Letter



Pursuant
to Section 1(i) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. (&ldquo;Company&rdquo;) and
Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company (&ldquo;Trustee&rdquo;)
 dated as of __________
 2017 (&ldquo;Trust Agreement&rdquo;)
this is to advise you that the Company has entered into an agreement with [__________________] (&ldquo;Target Business&rdquo;)
.
The Company shall notify you at least 48 hours in advance of the actual date of the consummation of the Business Combination (&ldquo;Consummation
Date&rdquo;). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In
accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement
 we hereby authorize you to liquidate the Trust Account investments on [__________]
and to transfer the proceeds to the above-referenced account at [____________] to the effect that
 on the Consummation Date
 all of
funds held in the Trust Account will be immediately available for transfer to the account or accounts that the Company shall direct
on the Consummation Date. It is acknowledged and agreed that while the funds are on deposit in the trust account awaiting distribution
the Company will not earn any interest or dividends.

On
the Consummation Date (i) counsel for the Company shall deliver to you written notification that the Business Combination has
been consummated and (ii) the Company shall deliver to you (a) [an affidavit] [a certificate] of [__________________]
 which verifies
the vote of the Company&rsquo;s stockholders in connection with the Business Combination if a vote is held and (b) joint written
instructions from the Company and EarlyBirdCapital
 Inc. with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account (&ldquo;Instruction
Letter&rdquo;). You are hereby directed and authorized to transfer the funds held in the Trust Account immediately upon your receipt
of the counsel&rsquo;s letter and the Instruction Letter
 in accordance with the terms of the Instruction Letter. In the event that
certain deposits held in the Trust Account may not be liquidated by the Consummation Date without penalty
 you will notify the
Company of the same and the Company shall direct you as to whether such funds should remain in the Trust Account and distributed
after the Consummation Date to the Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds in the Trust Account pursuant to the terms
hereof
 the Trust Agreement shall be terminated.


    
    


In
the event that the Business Combination is not consummated on the Consummation Date described in the notice thereof and we have
not notified you on or before the original Consummation Date of a new Consummation Date
 then upon receipt by the Trustee of written
instructions from the Company
 the funds held in the Trust Account shall be reinvested as provided in the Trust Agreement on the
business day immediately following the Consummation Date as set forth in the notice.



    

truly yours


    
    

    
BLACK
RIDGE ACQUISITION CORP.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Ken DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    


AGREED
TO AND
ACKNOWLEDGED
BY

EARLYBIRDCAPITAL
INC.



    
    
    



    
    


EXHIBIT
B

[Letterhead
of Company]

[Insert
date]

Continental
Stock Transfer
&amp;
Trust Company
1
State Street Plaza
New
York
 New York 10004
Attn:
Fran Wolf and Sharmin Carter

Trust
Account No. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- Termination Letter



Pursuant
to Section 1(i) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. (&ldquo;Company&rdquo;) and
Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company (&ldquo;Trustee&rdquo;)
 dated as of _______
 2017 (&ldquo;Trust Agreement&rdquo;)
this is to advise you that the Company has been unable to effect a Business Combination with a Target Company within the time
frame specified in the Company&rsquo;s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 as described in the Company&rsquo;s
prospectus relating to its IPO. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the
Trust Agreement.

In
accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement
 we hereby authorize you to liquidate all the Trust Account investments on [______________]
and to transfer the total proceeds to the Trust Checking Account at [_______]_to await distribution to the Public Stockholders.
The Company has selected [____________
 20__] as the record date for the purpose of determining the Public Stockholders entitled
to receive their share of the liquidation proceeds. It is acknowledged that no interest will be earned by the Company on the liquidation
proceeds while on deposit in the Trust Checking Account. You agree to be the Paying Agent of record and in your separate capacity
as Paying Agent
 to distribute said funds directly to the Public Stockholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement
and the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds in the Trust
Account
 your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated.



    

truly yours


    
    

    
BLACK
RIDGE ACQUISITION CORP.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Ken DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    


cc:
EarlyBirdCapital
 Inc.


    
    


EXHIBIT
C

[Letterhead
of Company]

[Insert
date]

Continental
Stock Transfer
&amp;
Trust Company
1
State Street Plaza
New
York
 New York 10004
Attn:
Fran Wolf and Sharmin Carter

Trust
Account No. 



Pursuant
to Section 2(a) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. (&ldquo;Company&rdquo;) and
Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company (&ldquo;Trustee&rdquo;)
 dated as of _________
 2017 (&ldquo;Trust Agreement&rdquo;)
the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the Company [$_______] of the interest income earned on the Property as of the
date hereof. The Company needs such funds to pay for its tax obligations as a result of such interest income. In accordance with
the terms of the Trust Agreement
 you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon
your receipt of this letter to the Company&rsquo;s operating account at:

[WIRE
INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]



    
BLACK
RIDGE ACQUISITION CORP.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Ken DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    


cc:
EarlyBirdCapital
 Inc.


    
    


EXHIBIT
D

[Letterhead
of Company]

[Insert
date]

Continental
Stock Transfer
&amp;
Trust Company
1
State Street Plaza
New
York
 New York 10004
Attn:
Fran Wolf and Sharmin Carter

Trust
Account No. 



Pursuant
to Section 2(b) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. (&ldquo;Company&rdquo;) and
Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company (&ldquo;Trustee&rdquo;)
 dated as of __________
 2017 (&ldquo;Trust Agreement&rdquo;)
the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the Company [$_______] of the interest income earned on the Property as of the
date hereof. The Company needs such funds to cover its liquidation and dissolution expenses. In accordance with the terms of the
Trust Agreement
 you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt
of this letter to the Company&rsquo;s operating account at:

[WIRE
INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]



    

truly yours


    
    

    
BLACK
RIDGE ACQUISITION CORP.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Ken DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    


cc:
EarlyBirdCapital
 Inc.


    
    


EXHIBIT
E


[Letterhead
of Company]

[Insert
date]

Continental
Stock Transfer
&amp;
Trust Company
1
State Street Plaza
New
York
 New York 10004
Attn:
Fran Wolf and Sharmin Carter

Trust
Account No. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;- Termination Letter



Reference
is made to the Investment Management Trust Agreement between Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. (&ldquo;Company&rdquo;) and Continental
Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company
 dated as of __________
 2017 (&ldquo;Trust Agreement&rdquo;). Capitalized words used herein
and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Trust Agreement.

Pursuant
to Section 1(j) of the Trust Agreement
 this is to advise you that the Company has sought an Amendment. Accordingly
 in accordance
with the terms of the Trust Agreement
 we hereby authorize you to liquidate the Trust Account on [ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;] and to transfer $_____ of
the proceeds of the Trust to the checking account at [ &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;] for distribution to the stockholders that have requested conversion of
their shares in connection with such Amendment. The remaining funds shall be reinvested by you as previously instructed.

Very
truly yours




    
BLACK
RIDGE ACQUISITION CORP.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Ken DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    


cc:
EarlyBirdCapital
 Inc.


    













     



Exhibit
10.25

STOCK
ESCROW AGREEMENT



STOCK
ESCROW AGREEMENT
 dated as of [_____]
 2017 (&ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;)
 by and among BLACK RIDGE ACQUISITION CORP.
 a Delaware
corporation (&ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
 a Nevada corporation (the &ldquo;Sponsor&rdquo; and any
permitted transferee of the Sponsor after the date hereof in accordance with the terms hereof being referred to as an &ldquo;Initial
Stockholder&rdquo;) and CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER &amp; TRUST COMPANY
 a New York corporation (&ldquo;Escrow Agent&rdquo;).


WHEREAS
the Company has entered into an Underwriting Agreement
 dated [_____]
 2017 (&ldquo;Underwriting Agreement&rdquo;)
 with EarlyBirdCapital
Inc. (the &ldquo;Representative&rdquo;) acting as representative of the several underwriters (collectively
 the &ldquo;Underwriters&rdquo;)
pursuant to which
 among other matters
 the Underwriters have agreed to purchase 10
000
000 units (&ldquo;Units&rdquo;) of the
Company
 plus an additional 1
500
000 Units if the Representative exercises the over-allotment option in full. Each Unit consists
of one share of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 par value $.0001 per share (&ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;)
 one right to receive
one-tenth of one share of Common Stock upon the consummation by the Company of a merger
 share exchange
 asset acquisition
 stock
purchase
 recapitalization
 reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (&ldquo;Business
Combination&rdquo;)
 and one half of one Warrant
 each whole Warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock
 in the Company&rsquo;s
initial public offering (the &ldquo;IPO&rdquo;)
 all as more fully described in the Company&rsquo;s final Prospectus
 dated [_____]
2017 (&ldquo;Prospectus&rdquo;) comprising part of the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-_________)
under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (&ldquo;Registration Statement&rdquo;)
 declared effective on [_____]
 2017 (&ldquo;Effective
Date&rdquo;).


WHEREAS
the Sponsor has agreed as a condition of the sale of the Units to deposit its 2
875
000 shares of Common Stock of the Company
in escrow as hereinafter provided.


WHEREAS
the Company and the Sponsor desire that the Escrow Agent accept the shares
 in escrow
 to be held and disbursed as hereinafter
provided.


IT
IS AGREED:


Appointment
of Escrow Agent
terms of this Agreement and the Escrow Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to act in accordance with and subject
to such terms.


Deposit
of Shares
 the Sponsor shall have delivered to the Escrow Agent a certificate representing
such Sponsor&rsquo;s shares
 to be held and disbursed subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Sponsor acknowledges
that the certificate representing such Sponsor&rsquo;s shares is legended to reflect the deposit of such shares under this Agreement.


Disbursement
of the Escrow Shares


3.1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;If
the Underwriters do not exercise in full their over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional 1
500
000 Units of the Company
within 45 days of the date of the Prospectus (as described in the Underwriting Agreement)
 the Sponsor agrees that the Escrow
Agent shall return to the Company for cancellation
 at no cost
 a number of shares determined by multiplying 375
000 by a fraction
(i) the numerator of which is 1
500
000 minus the number of shares of Common Stock
 if any
 purchased by the Underwriters upon
the exercise of their over-allotment option
 and (ii) the denominator of which is 1
500
000. The Company shall promptly provide
notice to the Escrow Agent of the expiration or termination of the Underwriters&rsquo; over-allotment option and the number of
Units
 if any
 purchased by the Underwriters in connection with their exercise thereof.



    
    



3.2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Except
as otherwise set forth herein
 the Escrow Agent shall hold the shares remaining after any cancellation required pursuant to Section
3.1 above (such remaining shares to be referred to herein as the &ldquo;Escrow Shares&rdquo;) until (i) with respect to 50% of
the Escrow Shares
 on the earlier of (x) one year after the date of the consummation of the Company&rsquo;s initial Business Combination
and (y) the date on which the closing price of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted
for stock splits
 stock dividends
 reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
commencing after the Company&rsquo;s initial Business Combination and (ii) with respect to the remaining 50% of the Escrow Shares
one year after the date of the consummation of an initial Business Combination (the &ldquo;Escrow Period&rdquo;). The Company
shall promptly provide notice of the consummation of a Business Combination to the Escrow Agent. Upon completion of the Escrow
Period
 the Escrow Agent shall disburse such amount of each Initial Stockholder&rsquo;s Escrow Shares (and any applicable share
power) to such Initial Stockholder; provided
 however
 that if the Escrow Agent is notified by the Company pursuant to Section
6.7 hereof that the Company is being liquidated because it failed to consummate a Business Combination within the time period
specified in the Prospectus
 then the Escrow Agent shall promptly destroy the certificates representing the Escrow Shares; provided
further
 however
 that if
 within one year after the Company consummates a Business Combination
 the Company (or the surviving
entity) subsequently consummates a liquidation
 merger
 stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the
stockholders of such entity having the right to exchange their shares of Common Stock for cash
 securities or other property
then the Escrow Agent will
 upon receipt of a notice executed by the Chairman of the Board
 Chief Executive Officer or other authorized
officer of the Company
 in form reasonably acceptable to the Escrow Agent
 certifying that such transaction is then being consummated
or such conditions have been achieved
 as applicable
 release the Escrow Shares to the Initial Stockholders. The Escrow Agent
shall have no further duties hereunder after the disbursement or destruction of the Escrow Shares in accordance with this Section
3.


Rights
of Initial Stockholder in Escrow Shares


Voting
Rights as a Stockholder
provided
 the Initial Stockholders shall retain all of their rights as stockholders of the Company as long as any shares are held
in escrow pursuant to this Agreement
 including
 without limitation
 the right to vote such shares.


Dividends
and Other Distributions in Respect of the Escrow Shares
all dividends payable in cash with respect to the Escrow Shares shall be paid to the Initial Stockholders
 but all dividends payable
in stock or other non-cash property (&ldquo;Non-Cash Dividends&rdquo;) shall be delivered to the Escrow Agent to hold in accordance
with the terms hereof. As used herein
 the term &ldquo;Escrow Shares&rdquo; shall be deemed to include the Non-Cash Dividends
distributed thereon
 if any.



    
    




Restrictions
on Transfer
 the only permitted transfers of the Escrow Shares will be (i) to the Initial Stockholders&rsquo;
or the Company&rsquo;s officers
 directors
 employees
 consultants or their affiliates
 (ii) to an Initial Stockholders&rsquo;
officers
 directors
 employees or members upon the Initial Stockholders&rsquo; liquidation
 in each case if the Initial Stockholder
is an entity
 (iii) by bona fide gift to a member of the Initial Stockholders&rsquo; immediate family or to a trust
 the beneficiary
of which is the Initial Stockholder or a member of the Initial Stockholders&rsquo; immediate family for estate planning purposes
(iv) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death
 (v) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order
 (vi)
to the Company for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination or (vii) in connection
with the consummation of an initial Business Combination
 by private sales of the Escrow Shares at prices no greater than the
price at which the Escrow Shares were originally purchased; provided
 however
 that except for clause (vi) or with the Company&rsquo;s
prior written consent
 such permissive transfers may be implemented only upon the respective transferee&rsquo;s written agreement
to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement and of the Insider Letter signed by the Sponsor transferring the shares.


Insider
Letter
 dated as indicated on Exhibit
A hereto
 the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (&ldquo;Insider Letter&rdquo;)
 respecting the
rights and obligations of the Sponsor in certain events
 including
 but not limited to
 the liquidation of the Company.


Concerning
the Escrow Agent


Good
Faith Reliance
of its own best judgment
 and may rely conclusively and shall be protected in acting upon any order
 notice
 demand
 certificate
opinion or advice of counsel (including counsel chosen by the Escrow Agent)
 statement
 instrument
 report or other paper or document
(not only as to its due execution and the validity and effectiveness of its provisions
 but also as to the truth and acceptability
of any information therein contained) which is believed by the Escrow Agent to be genuine and to be signed or presented by the
proper person or persons. The Escrow Agent shall not be bound by any notice or demand
 or any waiver
 modification
 termination
or rescission of this Agreement unless evidenced by a writing delivered to the Escrow Agent signed by the proper party or parties
and
 if the duties or rights of the Escrow Agent are affected
 unless it shall have given its prior written consent thereto.


.
The Escrow Agent shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company from and against any expenses
 including reasonable counsel
fees and disbursements
 or loss suffered by the Escrow Agent in connection with any action
 suit or other proceeding involving
any claim which in any way
 directly or indirectly
 arises out of or relates to this Agreement
 the services of the Escrow Agent
hereunder
 or the Escrow Shares held by it hereunder
 other than expenses or losses arising from the gross negligence or willful
misconduct of the Escrow Agent. Promptly after the receipt by the Escrow Agent of notice of any demand or claim or the commencement
of any action
 suit or proceeding
 the Escrow Agent shall notify the other parties hereto in writing. In the event of the receipt
of such notice
 the Escrow Agent
 in its sole discretion
 may commence an action in the nature of interpleader in an appropriate
court to determine ownership or disposition of the Escrow Shares or it may deposit the Escrow Shares with the clerk of any appropriate
court or it may retain the Escrow Shares pending receipt of a final
 non-appealable order of a court having jurisdiction over
all of the parties hereto directing to whom and under what circumstances the Escrow Shares are to be disbursed and delivered.
The provisions of this Section 5.2 shall survive in the event the Escrow Agent resigns or is discharged pursuant to Sections 5.5
or 5.6 below.


.
The Escrow Agent shall be entitled to reasonable compensation from the Company for all services rendered by it hereunder. The
Escrow Agent shall also be entitled to reimbursement from the Company for all reasonable expenses paid or incurred by it in the
administration of its duties hereunder including
 but not limited to
 all counsel
 advisors&rsquo; and agents&rsquo; fees and
disbursements and all taxes or other governmental charges.



    
    




Further
Assurances
 the Company and the Sponsor shall deliver or cause to be delivered
to the Escrow Agent such further documents and instruments and shall do or cause to be done such further acts as the Escrow Agent
shall reasonably request to carry out more effectively the provisions and purposes of this Agreement
 to evidence compliance herewith
or to assure itself that it is protected in acting hereunder.


.
The Escrow Agent may resign at any time and be discharged from its duties as escrow agent hereunder by its giving the other parties
hereto written notice and such resignation shall become effective as hereinafter provided. Such resignation shall become effective
at such time that the Escrow Agent shall turn over to a successor escrow agent appointed by the Company and approved by the Representative
which approval will not be unreasonably withheld
 conditioned or delayed
 the Escrow Shares held hereunder. If no new escrow agent
is so appointed within the 60-day period following the giving of such notice of resignation
 the Escrow Agent may deposit the
Escrow Shares with any court it reasonably deems appropriate in the State of New York.


Discharge
of Escrow Agent
in writing at any time by the other parties hereto
 jointly
 provided
 however
 that such resignation shall become effective only
upon acceptance of appointment by a successor escrow agent as provided in Section 5.5.


.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary
 the Escrow Agent shall not be relieved from liability hereunder for its own gross
negligence
 fraud or willful misconduct.


.
The Escrow Agent hereby waives any right of set-off or any other right
 title
 interest or claim of any kind (&ldquo;Claim&rdquo;)
in
 or to any distribution of
 the Trust Account (as defined in that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement
 dated as of
the date hereof
 by and between the Company and the Escrow Agent as trustee thereunder) and hereby agrees not to seek recourse
reimbursement
 payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.





Governing
Law
the State of New York
 without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive
laws of another jurisdiction. Each of the parties hereby agrees that any action
 proceeding or claim against it arising out of
or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York
 and irrevocably submits to such personal jurisdiction
 which jurisdiction
shall be exclusive. Each of the parties hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent
an inconvenient forum.


Third
Party Beneficiaries


Entire
Agreement
matter hereof and
 except as expressly provided herein
 may not be changed or modified except by an instrument in writing signed
by the party to be charged.


.
The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation
thereof.



    
    



Binding
Effect
successors and assigns.



.
Any notice or other communication required or which may be given hereunder shall be in writing and either be delivered personally
or be mailed
 certified or registered mail
 or by private national courier service
 return receipt requested
 postage prepaid
and shall be deemed given when so delivered personally or
 if mailed
 four business days after the date of mailing
 as follows:



    
If to the Company
 to:

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
c/o Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.

    
    
110 North 5th Street
 Suite 410


    
    
Minneapolis
 Minnesota 55403

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
If to the Sponsor
 to its address
    set forth in Exhibit A.

    
    
    

    
and if to the Escrow Agent
 to:

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
New York
 New York 10004

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
A copy of any notice sent hereunder
    shall be sent to:

    
    
    

    
    
EarlyBirdCapital
 Inc.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
New York
 New York 10017

    
    
Attn: General Counsel and Investment Banking
    Department

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
New York
 New York 10174

    
    
Attn: David Alan Miller
 Esq.




    
    




    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Greenberg Traurig
 LLP

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
New York
 New York 10166

    
    
Attn: Alan I. Annex
 Esq.

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
150 South Fifth Street
 Suite 2300

    
    
Minneapolis
 MN 55402

    
    
    





The
parties may change the persons and addresses to which the notices or other communications are to be sent by giving written notice
to any such change in the manner provided herein for giving notice.


Liquidation
of the Company
in the event that the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the time period specified in the Prospectus.


.
This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts
 each one of which shall constitute an original and may be delivered by
facsimile transmission and together shall constitute one instrument.



[Signature
Page Follows]




    
    




    
WITNESS the execution of
    this Agreement as of the date first above written.





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
&amp; TRUST COMPANY
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





    
    


EXHIBIT
A




    
        
Name
        and Address 
    
    
        
of
        Shares
    
    
Certificate
        Number
        
    
Date
of&nbsp;
Insider
Letter&nbsp;

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Black
                                         Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
        
110
        North 5th Street
 Suite 410

        
Minneapolis
        Minnesota 55403
        
    
2
875
000
    
    
    
    



    













     











 2017



Corp. (&ldquo;Maker&rdquo;) promises to pay to the order of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (&ldquo;Payee&rdquo;) the principal
sum of One Hundred Twenty Five Thousand Dollars and No Cents ($125
000.00) in lawful money of the United States of America
 on
the terms and conditions described below.

.
The principal balance of this Note shall be repayable on the earlier of (i) June 1
 2018
 (ii) the date on which Maker consummates
an initial public offering of its securities (&ldquo;IPO&rdquo;) or (iii) the date on which Maker determines to not proceed with
such IPO.

.
No interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note.

Application
of Payments
under this Note
 including (without limitation) reasonable attorneys&rsquo; fees
 then to the payment in full of any late charges
and finally to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note.

Events
of Default

Failure
to Make Required Payments
when due.

Voluntary
Bankruptcy
 Etc.
 as now constituted or hereafter
amended
 or any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy
 insolvency
 reorganization
 rehabilitation or other similar law
or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver
 liquidator
 assignee
 trustee
 custodian
 sequestrator
(or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property
 or the making by it of any assignment for the
benefit of creditors
 or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due
 or the taking of corporate action
by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing.

Involuntary
Bankruptcy
 Etc.
in an involuntary case under the Federal Bankruptcy Code
 as now or hereafter constituted
 or any other applicable federal or state
bankruptcy
 insolvency or other similar law
 or appointing a receiver
 liquidator
 assignee
 custodian
 trustee
 sequestrator (or
similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property
 or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs
and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days.


    
    





the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 4(a)
 Payee may
 by written notice to Maker
 declare this Note to be
due and payable
 whereupon the principal amount of this Note
 and all other amounts payable thereunder
 shall become immediately
due and payable without presentment
 demand
 protest or other notice of any kind
 all of which are hereby expressly waived
 anything
contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding.


the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 4(b) and 4(c)
 the unpaid principal balance of
 and all other sums
payable with regard to
 this Note shall automatically and immediately become due and payable
 in all cases without any action on
the part of Payee.

.
Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of
 and sureties for
 this Note waive presentment for payment
 demand
 notice of dishonor
protest
 and notice of protest with regard to the Note
 all errors
 defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by
Payee under the terms of this Note
 and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting
any property
 real or personal
 or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property
 from attachment
 levy or
sale under execution
 or providing for any stay of execution
 exemption from civil process
 or extension of time for payment; and
Maker agrees that any real estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof
 on any writ of execution
issued hereon
 may be sold upon any such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee.

Unconditional
Liability
 acceptance
 performance
 default
 or enforcement
of the payment of this Note
 and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional
 without regard to the liability of any other
party
 and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence
 extension of time
 renewal
 waiver or modification granted or
consented to by Payee
 and consents to any and all extensions of time
 renewals
 waivers
 or modifications that may be granted
by Payee with respect to the payment or other provisions of this Note
 and agree that additional makers
 endorsers
 guarantors
or sureties may become parties hereto without notice to them or affecting their liability hereunder.

.
Any notice called for hereunder shall be deemed properly given if (i) sent by certified mail
 return receipt requested
 (ii) personally
delivered
 (iii) dispatched by any form of private or governmental express mail or delivery service providing receipted delivery
(iv) sent by telefacsimile or (v) sent by e-mail
 to the following addresses or to such other address as either party may designate
by notice in accordance with this Section:





Gas
 Inc.

Street
 Suite 410

 MN 55403


    
    





Inc.

Street
 Suite 410

 MN 55403&#9;


on the earlier of (i) actual receipt by the receiving party
 (ii) the date shown on a telefacsimile transmission confirmation
(iii) the date on which an e-mail transmission was received by the receiving party&rsquo;s on-line access provider (iv) the date
reflected on a signed delivery receipt
 or (vi) two (2) Business Days following tender of delivery or dispatch by express mail
or delivery service.

.
This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the domestic
 internal law
 but not the law of conflict of laws
 of
the State of New York.

.
Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall
 as to such jurisdiction
 be
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof
 and any
such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other
jurisdiction.


 Maker
intending to be legally bound hereby
 has caused this Note to be duly executed by its Chief Executive Officer the day and year
first above written.



    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    














     







 Kenneth DeCubellis
 certify that:


I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.;


Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this
report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others
within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting.


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on Black Ridge Oil
&amp; Gas&rsquo;s most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the small business issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.


 2018




 Chief Executive Officer













     






 James Moe
 certify that:


I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.;


Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this
report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others
within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting.


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on Black Ridge Oil
&amp; Gas&rsquo;s most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the small business issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.


 2018




 Chief Financial Officer














     









2002


the Annual Report of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31
2017 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Kenneth DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 USC Section
1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to the best of my knowledge and belief:


Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.



 2018






 Chief Executive Officer




accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not
 except to the extent required by
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as amended.












     









2002


the Annual Report of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31
2017 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) I
 James Moe
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to the best of my knowledge and belief:


Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.



 2018






 Chief Financial Officer




accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of&nbsp;2002 and shall not
 except to the extent required
by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934
 as amended.











begin 644 logo.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!

/V9?C5XM\,_$O0;S7/A_\2? ?B#P_A_Q%<Z%=6=O








$S_P!D;Q_\2/BG\4_C3\0/
MBI\+M'^)_C/Q_P#&/QGJ'CSQ9J&N^-G.L:C90ZKJ@$EGX=T]UAL=!T2W58-(
ML%C1#))&\D@!^I5%-0%41222JJ6.YB0 2QY8GN3U/-.H *1F51N9@JC )8

H)([M]P$;MP )@RM

I(93CH5(((Z@@@\TBLK %65@0&!4@@JV=K @G(.#@]#@XK_-


+AHI9)_$O@O7=9
M2:ZM=0M2?Z


CD250\;!T)(##.#@XR


M/4@ D@=

M];%G= 7%I%J7PQ_9[T_1=&\.0R6LT31V&LQIJ5JI^S:E86US%)& #_0OR
XS





P!]%D@#)( R!DG R2 !SW)( ]20*6J]R
Q
M\#Y@R[3\N]

MN@3:IINGVDVNM'*ZWNHHETK(QP0#_0D+H!DNH&0
E@!DXP.O4[A@=3D8ZBD6
M2-ONNC?
R?*RGYT9T=.#]Y6C=67JK(ZD J0/A'3/C+\(?V+/V'?AY\6?VDOC

D8)!D0$;2074$!V*J3D\;F5

?W:@*JH.



MNOWOV6?VFAWYN?AX.#D \Z_W((_ ^E
_XC6OV%)617_9=_:91-X+NMW\/253


M/WQ




:1%.

M?M ?'GX!_%?X2_$KX=Z3H6H?![XF:WX&T'Q'IWQ(\4:-X6UVS\?:%I;?9/%T

$'(#

+S38
MY;V'28?VK=8OVO9K:&286::1XR\)1:#J
MQY?EPVVH9M9)&7SBB!F'J__!+G




/'W@GP);ZC%X:\#7/BF5M9TWP;$-7O+W4+O5?#FE2Z=I6N7T\R

M#
= 'U*2!R2 

M

ZU'&C/J321@']6&1ZCOW'8X/Y$$'W&*-R\<CG





K9

?M:?#WX;:-\6Y
M?B%#:^=;^'OBC7-6T&;X?\ Q0\9_#6\%QJUKJ=O9W U2;PBVM1R6L*&/48
MK5V



)].C:#5U$\%A:RNBN9?
 /K/4O^#(K]HFRFFTC]N3X+76J1(7LK?
M5/AGXV@L)YUYCAN9X;Z_EBB=@%+SN@N23;R E&^ ?V.?CMXF_X-H?\ @HUX












M=OJEX)[J/39M1U0V
+YM)

MS136TJ

MP/H=I!'\

L
5YI\ES_1NA
ZB
M4#;T:+=U!(9&Y (
;+M92


M[6-=T;Q%X7GU2)[VYT6[M[FTTN6X:S@U6_2%9J /[79KPOC':RV=G=16]Q

MQY9EF
:_

'8MF.1O\]+]NK_ (.C/CG_ 
%#? WC

M?W4%S+;VOCK4_%



ZMHFBWL_VK

_:@_86^-/_





!GM?M=




S_ !'H



M_P HIO\ @I)_V8]^TQ_ZJ'QC7\CG_!CE_P ?G_!1O_KU_9C_ /1GQNK^L_\





?!?P/?RW





@W^@6UOK%EK!N/!OA?P7:^+?$^N:S<+IQLULS-H:103RNDTN'
MC?\ H[_X-=?A%\<?@3_P2Q\(?[X^_ WXB? [QAI7QB^)&NZ5IOQ)M(](U7Q

MK^/G_@]
)'_!
'X @ '=^W3\/E^ZK./^+'_M%-F
D%D?*@!H\/M+)G8[@_V!
M3.8HGD5#(R*2L:E5+L.BAF(52QP


?3]BCX<^!_P#@GQ^R#H?Q5_9=



_L?0MT+Q_LU?!R.3;D$A7C\'(Z$D Y!/3D&OI7P?\-? /

/%&R]Q10!%%$8]^9'D#$$;PHV #&T;%4$=]SAI22=\C*$5):** /G#XF_L




M'78DDLQ+/X/9CEB2



RG*D
K



WP
MR^'WQ8\(P:E;:S%X6^)/@[0/'/AU-8L1(MAJHT3Q-8ZEI37]B)IC9W4EE)-;


M68@DW*X* 81!&$*)@XC#1E0T:LS

-!T+QI
M\4[[6M-^''AG4+SR=7\9W_AS2FUS7K70K5E'VV?2M)CFU&\B1PT5I$TQ.T'







M\E'VF[M[.2&*XNT@N'3
)7O(8[ Q&#M#$-\N#C)!Y(&.AY./4U\S_'7]L+]
MFK]F5O#T?Q\^-WP[^%UQXKAN[GPWIWB;6/*UO7;2QN+.UO;[2]LQ=ZO=:98

_9;^ _B&_\ %OP1_9P^ _P=\4ZM



]!TY)X'XT ?'=]_P3Q_8-U:_U/5]:_8M




K')8;BC#*JVW*9

M6.1D


'[




MLUQ;S(


KV][8_LW_!VVNH)$=9$DBFC\'!
MD9'174CD



M2- JH!@GFIJ** 

H:UAF\R&

8XI5F\R*91+)*6$L3 1N
M4A$


@UKQI^SY\*O$^JJ[
7=D





M+_@ES_XEU^UE_P#015^I%% 'Y;_\);_P6K_Z(%_P2Y_\2Z_:R_\ H(J/^$M_

M!?\ !+G_ 
2Z_:R_^@BH_P$M_X+5_\ 1 O^7/_ (EU^UE_]!%7ZD44 ?+W


#/$$




M=+369+ZV@_6GRTW;]H#%@Q(R6&
$X/.$) !R!UQD U%]EMLLWD1;G=9&(0
M LZ$
K

M#^$/%MC_ 






 8 X '0#TJ-8
M8DSLC5


M'\7WG!C0_O) R(RF0QH6#%1N!# ]\A64'WPK


M'P7\






 @E06)_FP_:F\*W?P
MT_:\_:Q\;?#+XU?\%)/V/O%GQQ\4?#R^\77?@#]@_P#/[:7P(_:/U7PK\%O
M O@/1O$WPIUSQ5^S]\9/%/A5]

MQ'%\/_@C_P $W-5\$1:WJ47A_\ &'[4_PT]H'BW4/#8F==*O?$NBZ-^QSX

MZ*OU%$:#HBCIT '0[AT_P!KGW/6GT ?EO\ \);_ ,%J_P#H@7_!+G_Q+K]K
M+_Z*C_A+?\ @M7_ -$_P"7/\ XEU^UE_]!%7ZD44 ?EO_ ,);_P %J_\
MH@7_  2Y_P#$NOVLO_H(J/\ A+?^U?_ $0+_@ES_P)=?M9?_015^I%% 'Y
M;_\ 6_\%J_^B!?\$N?_ !+K]K+_ .@BH_X2W_@M7_T0+_@ES_XEU^UE_P#0

2Z_:R_


M2V.FW=MXC^(OPS^$_B/^TIW:[6^L7\+-9VRQ6[V^J7C3RQVWM=(JJHVJ !DG
- ]6)8G\22?QI: /_V0$!
end








begin 644 mklogo.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  8$!08%! 8&!08'!P8(A *@D)

TH,4H*2C_

H&A8:*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H
M*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*C_P  1 % D8# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0
M'  !  $% 0$               8#! 4' (!_\0 4!   0
# 0
&!@T'P0#
M     0  P0%$082(3$'$T%187$4

M!@0'_\0 -Q$  @$# @
#0@# 0$       $ P01!2$2

T_]H # 
!  (1 Q$ /P#JE$1 $1$ 1$0!$1 $1$ 1
M$0!$1 $1$ 1$0!$1 $1$ 1$0!$1 $1$ 1$0!$1 $1$ 1$0!$1 $1$ 1$0!$1






Q2


8M1SDWU[(4



MW@9]*I^R%'\+I_K&^M:(O]XDO-UFK9_*.&

5/M
M'B34(97;_!T1[(4?PNG^L;ZU4AJ8)W%L
\4C@
D







M_66_LZFS%2FJ8(/=YHX_GN ^]:*K]47BO)\(N$^R?(C=L-] PL0Z7;=EY+G'


V\;E;*P
MXDO%








M=1&V5+\U%
W


_\ S-]:




?BN;1
M+N5WI
?1E(Y7[1/BG3C[$_C_ 
+XR[E)==6DVBX4KV-Q!50
D;U!P #AZ=_G





-D@EKZD[FG9





MH/R56-1]&GX&\=9Z[I+)MTE#L55Q&XC/M(OG'K[%I^Y72JN56^JKIWS3NXN=

MPR3SO.&L8
DK:6E.3J.'8J;^6S2\13-/M&_./E=W#O4$T#K$::K7MJ*=LM'.
M1SCFM'.




MZT-I.;4DCIYWN@MT;MESQXTA]ZW\2MO6BP6NT1AM#1Q




M
YP


GG!RE[45U7=


=J&[062T5%=4GVL;?:MZ7



MTFTZ(@I:-NU4V]G.
(XO/ECS[SY@HSR/VJ!T\EZKI(FB
F.G:]X!SY3L?8/.


C-AP.P[RF[O2.]1+GE;0E&M!27






[


MV[7FH: C8N

M#=;]A9T-:MJKQ+T7^OU-HHJ5+40U=-'44LK)8)!M


::MM.#CGJK:([&M/XD+0




.C?

MWOXD'&7M7+O$Y3TW\*:E#W6]^[^]QT+KW4
6G-/3U+G@5
@







3OE!MVKZ<0G9I;JQN9*8GQNMS#TC[0J.\L)4/3
MAO'Y'3Z?J:N%P5-I?/\ OL)LB(JXM@L)K.R#4&G*RW@ALKV[43CY+QO'J\ZS
M:IRS1Q$![O;'@T;R?
















M:J&F[ 8J=X%QK

EPP]:7]R4//E+




MR6:K;J6P!E0\&XTF(YQTN'DO\_W@KESG^U9[0^J9M+ZBI[A&2Z'.Q41CRXSQ

$D;







YQIK



W9DC

AWYLM'?$5-])_K3\V6COB*F^D__P E
46WSBK[S\6:
M?-J/N+P10H:2@HX:2DC$5/P

M+323RGC)L;+S^L
'[5&IN1[1\CLBAJ&#J;4OQ]I6PD6Z-Q5@L1DUWFB=M1F\

,$NY!8*_Z1L6H:J.HO-MBJYHV<VQ[RX$-SG&XCI*SJ+



MF@KX:X/

M2$EM!-'\RID]:V BV*YK1Y3?B:96M7.\$:['(YI '^BU9_^T_UJ[IN2C1L





M@XBHC](7UMPJV;A52^=V4X1DFZ*'


MY12?!F_3_@OAU%+T4[/I%.%C))$49.H:GHAB'I5-U^K#P$3?U?XIPL9)4BA[







]C7G9 &=I9E%.2


DEL^%M=1M;51;


 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Effective&#13;April 2, 2012, Ante5, Inc. changed its corporate name to Black Ridge Oil &amp;#38; Gas, Inc., and continues to be quoted on the OTCQB&#13;under the trading symbol &amp;#8220;ANFC&amp;#8221;. Black Ridge Oil &amp;#38; Gas, Inc. (formerly Ante5, Inc.) (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;)&#13;became an independent company in April 2010. We became a publicly traded company when our shares began trading on July 1, 2010.&#13;Since October&amp;#160;2010, we had been engaged in the business of acquiring oil and gas leases and participating in the drilling&#13;of wells in the Bakken and Three Forks trends in North Dakota and Montana.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;On June 21,&#13;2016 we closed on a debt restructuring transaction with our secured lenders as described in Note 4 &amp;#8211; Debt Restructuring.&#13;Through June 30, 2017 we had also been managing the oil and gas assets relinquished during the debt restructuring in which we&#13;continued to have an indirect minority interest. Our management services agreement related to those same oil and gas assets was&#13;terminated on April 3, 2017, effective June 30, 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; background-color: white&gt;The&#13;Company is focused on acquiring, investing in, and managing the oil and gas assets for our partners. We continue to pursue asset&#13;acquisitions in all major onshore unconventional shale formations that may be acquired with capital from our existing joint venture&#13;partners or other capital providers. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;On September&#13;25, 2017, the Company finalized an equity raise utilizing a rights offering and backstop agreement, raising net proceeds of $5,051,675&#13;and issuing 431,819,910 shares. The proceeds were used to sponsor the Company&amp;#8217;s obligations in sponsoring a special purpose&#13;acquisition company, discussed below, with the remainder for general corporate purposes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basis&#13;of Accounting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Our financial&#13;statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting as generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP)&#13;and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Principles&#13;of Consolidation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The accompanying&#13;consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the following entities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 69%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Name&#13;    of entity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 2%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 13%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;State&#13;    of Incorporation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 2%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 14%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Relationship&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Black Ridge Oil and Gas, Inc.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Nevada&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Parent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. (&amp;#8220;BRAC&amp;#8221;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Delaware&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Subsidiary&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;Wholly-owned&#13;subsidiary through October 10, 2017, the date of BRAC&amp;#8217;s IPO, following which it is consolidated as a variable interest entity.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;has determined that BRAC, following its IPO, is a variable interest entity (&amp;#8220;VIE&amp;#8221;) and that the Company is the primary&#13;beneficiary of the VIE. The Company determined that, due to the redemption feature associated with the IPO shares, that the IPO&#13;shareholders are indirectly protected from the operating expenses of BRAC and it has the power to direct the activities of BRAC&#13;through the date at which BRAC affords the stockholders the opportunity to vote to approve a proposed business combination. Therefore,&#13;these consolidated financial statements herein contain the operations of the BRAC from its inception on May 9, 2017. BRAC&amp;#8217;s&#13;IPO shareholders are reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements as a non-controlling interest. The non-controlling interest&#13;was recorded at fair value on October 10, 2017, with an addition on October 18, 2017 as a result of the underwriters&amp;#8217; exercise&#13;of their over-allotment option. All significant inter-company transactions have been eliminated in the preparation of theses financial&#13;statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The parent&#13;company, Black Ridge Oil &amp;#38; Gas, Inc. and Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. will be collectively referred to herein as the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;&#13;or &amp;#8220;Black Ridge&amp;#8221;. The Company&amp;#8217;s headquarters is in Minneapolis, Minnesota and substantially all of its operations&#13;are in the United States.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Reclassifications&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;As discussed&#13;in Note 4- Debt Restructuring, income, expense and cash flows from the restructured operations for the year ended December 31,&#13;2016 have been reclassified as net loss and cash flows from discontinued operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Segment&#13;Reporting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;FASB ASC&#13;280-10-50 requires annual and interim reporting for an enterprise&amp;#8217;s operating segments and related disclosures about its&#13;products, services, geographic areas and major customers. An operating segment is defined as a component of an enterprise that&#13;engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and expenses, and about which separate financial information is&#13;regularly evaluated by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources. The Company operates as a single&#13;segment and will evaluate additional segment disclosure requirements as it expands its operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal&gt;&lt;u&gt;Use&#13;of Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The preparation&#13;of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and&#13;assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at&#13;the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results&#13;could differ from those estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Environmental&#13;Liabilities&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The oil and&#13;gas industry is subject, by its nature, to environmental hazards and clean-up costs. At this time, management knows of no substantial&#13;losses from environmental accidents or events which would have a material effect on the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Cash equivalents&#13;include money market accounts which have maturities of three months or less. For the purpose of the statements of cash flows,&#13;all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents&#13;are stated at cost plus accrued interest, which approximates market value. The Company had no cash equivalents on hand as of December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2017&#13;and December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Restricted&#13;cash and securities held in Trust Account&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;As&#13;of December 31, 2017, $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;39,742 &lt;font style=color: black&gt;of cash and $138,940,611 of marketable&#13;securities were held in the Trust Account which is restricted for the benefit of the BRAC&amp;#8217;s IPO shareholders to be available&#13;for those shareholders in the event they elect to redeem their shares following an approved business combination or the upon dissolution&#13;of BRAC.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash in Excess of FDIC Insured&#13;Limits&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;maintains its cash in bank deposit accounts which, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the&#13;Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $250,000 under current regulations. The Company had approximately $977,089&#13;and $-0- in excess of FDIC insured limits at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. &lt;font style=color: black&gt;As of December&#13;31, 2017, the Company had not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant&#13;risks on such accounts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal&gt;&lt;u&gt;Debt&#13;Issuance Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Costs relating&#13;to obtaining certain debts are capitalized and amortized over the term of the related debt using the straight-line method, which&#13;approximates the effective interest method. The Company paid $4,400 and $-0- of debt issuance costs during the years ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2017&#13;and&amp;#160;2016, respectively, of which the unamortized balance of debt issuance costs at December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2017 and&amp;#160;2016&#13;was $-0- and $-0-, respectively. Amortization of debt issuance costs charged to interest expense was $4,400 and $-0- for the years&#13;ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2017 and&amp;#160;2016, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Website Development Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;accounts for website development costs in accordance with ASC 350-50, &amp;#8220;Accounting for Website Development Costs&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC&#13;350-50&amp;#8221;), wherein website development costs are segregated into three activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Initial&#13;                                         stage (planning), whereby the related costs are expensed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Development&#13;                                         (web application, infrastructure, graphics), whereby the related costs are capitalized&#13;                                         and amortized once the website is ready for use. Costs for development content of the&#13;                                         website may be expensed or capitalized depending on the circumstances of the expenditures.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Post-implementation&#13;                                         (after site is up and running: security, training, admin), whereby the related costs&#13;                                         are expensed as incurred. Upgrades are usually expensed, unless they add additional functionality.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;We have capitalized&#13;a total of $56,660 of website development costs from inception through December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2016. We have recognized depreciation&#13;expense on these website costs of $-0- and $-0- for the years ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2017 and&amp;#160;2016, respectively. As&#13;of December 31, 2017, all website development costs have been fully depreciated.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and&#13;liabilities using the enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be recovered.&#13;The Company provides a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to&#13;be more likely than not.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;On December&#13;22, 2017 the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (&amp;#8220;Tax Reform&amp;#8221;) was signed into law. As a result of Tax Reform, the&#13;U.S. statutory rate was lowered from 35% to 21% effective January 1, 2018, among other changes. ASC Topic 740 requires companies&#13;to recognize the effect of tax law changes in the period of enactment; therefore, the Company was required to value its deferred&#13;tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2017 at the new rate. The SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (&amp;#8220;SAB&#13;108&amp;#8221;) to address the application of GAAP in situations when a registrant does not have the necessary information available,&#13;prepared or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain effects of Tax Reform.&#13;The ultimate impact may differ from the provisional amount, possibly materially, as a result of additional analysis, changes in&#13;interpretations and assumptions the Company has made, additional regulatory guidance that may be issued and actions the Company&#13;may take as a result of Tax Reform.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value&#13;of Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Under FASB&#13;ASC 820-10-05, the Financial Accounting Standards Board establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted&#13;accounting principles and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement reaffirms that fair value is the relevant&#13;measurement attribute. The adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements&#13;as reflected herein. The carrying amounts of cash, accounts payable and accrued expenses reported on the balance sheets are estimated&#13;by management to approximate fair value primarily due to the short term nature of the instruments. &lt;font style=color: black&gt;The&#13;Company had no items that required fair value measurement on a recurring basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Property&#13;and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Property&#13;and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of three to&#13;seven years. Expenditures for replacements, renewals, and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to&#13;operations as incurred. Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment to determine if current circumstances and market conditions&#13;indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company has not recognized any impairment losses on long-lived assets&#13;related to continuing operations. Depreciation expense was $10,848 and $14,271 for the years ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2017&#13;and&amp;#160;2016, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue Concentration&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;All of the&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s revenue earned from continuing operations comes from management fees earned through its management services agreement&#13;with Black Ridge Holding Company, LLC (&amp;#8220;BRHC&amp;#8221;). Revenues from continuing operations were earned prior to June 30,&#13;2017 from its management services agreement with BRHC, which was cancelled by BRHC effective June 30, 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;recognizes management fee income as services are provided.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;recognized oil and gas revenues from its former interests in producing wells when production was delivered to, and title was transferred&#13;to, the purchaser and to the extent the selling price is reasonably determinable. Oil and gas revenues are reflected as a component&#13;of discontinued operations on the statements of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Asset Retirement Obligations&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;records the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation in the period in which the well is spud or the asset&#13;is acquired and a corresponding increase in the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. The liability is accreted to&#13;its present value each period, and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability&#13;is settled for an amount other than the recorded amount, a gain or loss is recognized. The expense related to accretion of the&#13;discount on the asset retirement liability is reflected as component of discontinued operations on the statement of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Full Cost Method&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;followed the full cost method of accounting for oil and gas operations in 2016 whereby all costs related to the exploration and&#13;development of oil and gas properties were initially capitalized into a single cost center (&amp;#34;full cost pool&amp;#34;). The Company&#13;had no oil and gas operations in 2017 as they were disposed as part of the debt restructuring transaction on June 21, 2016 described&#13;in Note 4 &amp;#8211; Debt Restructuring. Capitalized costs included land acquisition costs, geological and geophysical expenses,&#13;carrying charges on non-producing properties, costs of drilling directly related to acquisition, and exploration activities. Internal&#13;costs that were capitalized were directly attributable to acquisition, exploration and development activities and did not include&#13;costs related to general corporate overhead or similar activities. Costs associated with general corporate activities were expensed&#13;in the period incurred. Capitalized costs for year ended December, 2016 are summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized Certain Payroll and Other Internal Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 83%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized Interest Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7,219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 12.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7,219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Proceeds&#13;from sales of proved properties were credited to the full cost pool, with no gain or loss recognized, unless such a sale would&#13;significantly alter the relationship between capitalized costs and the proved reserves attributable to these costs. A significant&#13;alteration would typically involve a sale of 20% or more of the proved reserves related to a single full cost pool. The Company&#13;assessed all items classified as unevaluated property on a quarterly basis for possible impairment or reduction in value. The&#13;assessment included consideration of the following factors, among others: intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological and&#13;geophysical evaluations; drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the economic viability of development&#13;if proved reserves are assigned. During any period in which these factors indicate an impairment, the cumulative drilling costs&#13;incurred to date for such property and all or a portion of the associated leasehold costs were transferred to the full cost pool&#13;and were then subject to amortization.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized&#13;costs associated with impaired properties and properties having proved reserves, estimated future development costs, and asset&#13;retirement costs under FASB ASC 410-20-25 were depleted and amortized on the unit-of-production method based on the estimated&#13;gross proved reserves as determined by independent petroleum engineers. The costs of unproved properties were withheld from the&#13;depletion base until such time as they are either developed or abandoned.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized&#13;costs of oil and gas properties (net of related deferred income taxes) could not exceed an amount equal to the present value,&#13;discounted at 10% per annum, of the estimated future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves plus the cost of unproved&#13;properties (adjusted for related income tax effects). When capitalized costs exceeded this ceiling, impairment was recognized.&#13;The present value of estimated future net cash flows was computed by applying the arithmetic average first day price of oil and&#13;natural gas for the preceding twelve months to estimated future production of proved oil and gas reserves as of the end of the&#13;period, less estimated future expenditures to be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves and assuming continuation&#13;of existing economic conditions. Such present value of proved reserves' future net cash flows excludes future cash outflows associated&#13;with settling asset retirement obligations. When this comparison indicated an excess carrying value, the excess was charged to&#13;earnings as an impairment expense. The Company recognized an impairment loss of $5,219,000 during the year ended December 31,&#13;2016. The impairment loss is reflected as a component of discontinued operations on the statement of operations for the period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basic&#13;and Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Basic earnings&#13;(loss) per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;) are computed by dividing net income (the numerator) by the weighted average number of common&#13;shares outstanding for the period (the denominator). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number&#13;of common shares and potential common shares outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. Potential common shares include stock&#13;options, warrants and restricted stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options, warrants&#13;and restricted stock is computed using the treasury stock method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The reconciliation&#13;of the denominators used to calculate basic EPS and diluted EPS for the years ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2017 and 2016 are as&#13;follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Years Ended December&#13;    31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding &amp;#8211;&#13;    basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;160,970,732&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;47,979,990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Plus: Potentially dilutive common shares:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Stock options and warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding&#13;    &amp;#8211; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;160,970,732&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;49,979,990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;For 2017&#13;and 2016, potential dilutive securities had an anti-dilutive effect and were not included in the calculation of diluted net loss&#13;per common share. Stock options and warrants excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS because their effect was anti-dilutive&#13;were 11,292,300 and 10,957,000 of December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2017 and 2016, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Stock-Based&#13;Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Under FASB&#13;ASC 718-10-30-2, all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, are to be recognized in the&#13;income statement based on their fair values. Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative. Amortization of the fair values&#13;of stock options issued for services and compensation totaled $574,851 and $626,602 for the years ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2017&#13;and&amp;#160;2016, respectively. The fair values of stock options were determined using the Black-Scholes options pricing model and&#13;an effective term of 6 to 6.5 years based on the weighted average of the vesting periods and the stated term of the option grants&#13;and the discount rate on 5 to 7 year U.S. Treasury securities at the grant date and are being amortized over the related implied&#13;service term, or vesting period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Uncertain Tax Positions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;In accordance&#13;with ASC 740, &amp;#8220;Income Taxes&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC 740&amp;#8221;), the Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax&#13;position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be capable of withstanding examination by the taxing authorities&#13;based on the technical merits of the position. These standards prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for&#13;the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. These standards&#13;also provide guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and&#13;transition.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Various taxing&#13;authorities can periodically audit the Company&amp;#8217;s income tax returns. These audits include questions regarding the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions.&#13;In evaluating the exposures connected with these various tax filing positions, including state and local taxes, the Company records&#13;allowances for probable exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter, for which an allowance has been established,&#13;is audited and fully resolved. The Company has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The assessment&#13;of the Company&amp;#8217;s tax position relies on the judgment of management to estimate the exposures associated with the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;various filing positions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Recent&#13;Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;From&#13;time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#34;FASB&amp;#34;) that are&#13;adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. If not discussed, management believes that the impact of recently issued&#13;standards, which are not yet effective, will not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements upon adoption.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;In December&#13;2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-20, &lt;i&gt;Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;.&#13;This guidance updates narrow aspects of the guidance issued in Update 2014-09. This amendment is effective for periods after December&#13;15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this standard on January 1, 2018 and anticipates it will not have&#13;a material impact on its financial statements and related disclosures.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; background-color: white&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;In August,&#13;2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-15, &lt;i&gt;Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of&#13;Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments &lt;/i&gt;(a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force). &lt;font style=color: black&gt;This guidance&#13;provides guidance of eight specific cash flow issues. This amendment is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2017,&#13;with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this standard on January 1, 2018 and anticipates it will not have a material&#13;impact on its financial statements and related disclosures.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basis&#13;of Accounting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Principles&#13;of Consolidation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The accompanying&#13;consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the following entities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 69%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Name&#13;    of entity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 2%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 13%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;State&#13;    of Incorporation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 2%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 14%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Relationship&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Black Ridge Oil and Gas, Inc.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Nevada&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Parent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. (&amp;#8220;BRAC&amp;#8221;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Delaware&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Subsidiary&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;Wholly-owned&#13;subsidiary through October 10, 2017, the date of BRAC&amp;#8217;s IPO, following which it is consolidated as a variable interest entity.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;has determined that BRAC, following its IPO, is a variable interest entity (&amp;#8220;VIE&amp;#8221;) and that the Company is the primary&#13;beneficiary of the VIE. The Company determined that, due to the redemption feature associated with the IPO shares, that the IPO&#13;shareholders are indirectly protected from the operating expenses of BRAC and it has the power to direct the activities of BRAC&#13;through the date at which BRAC affords the stockholders the opportunity to vote to approve a proposed business combination. Therefore,&#13;these consolidated financial statements herein contain the operations of the BRAC from its inception on May 9, 2017. BRAC&amp;#8217;s&#13;IPO shareholders are reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements as a non-controlling interest. The non-controlling interest&#13;was recorded at fair value on October 10, 2017, with an addition on October 18, 2017 as a result of the underwriters&amp;#8217; exercise&#13;of their over-allotment option. All significant inter-company transactions have been eliminated in the preparation of theses financial&#13;statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 69%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Name&#13;    of entity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 2%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 13%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;State&#13;    of Incorporation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 2%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 14%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Relationship&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Black Ridge Oil and Gas, Inc.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Nevada&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Parent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Black Ridge Acquisition Corp. (&amp;#8220;BRAC&amp;#8221;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Delaware&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Subsidiary&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Reclassifications&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Segment&#13;Reporting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal&gt;&lt;u&gt;Use&#13;of Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Environmental&#13;Liabilities&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Restricted&#13;cash and securities held in Trust Account&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash in Excess of FDIC Insured&#13;Limits&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal&gt;&lt;u&gt;Debt&#13;Issuance Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Website Development Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;accounts for website development costs in accordance with ASC 350-50, &amp;#8220;Accounting for Website Development Costs&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC&#13;350-50&amp;#8221;), wherein website development costs are segregated into three activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Initial&#13;                                         stage (planning), whereby the related costs are expensed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Development&#13;                                         (web application, infrastructure, graphics), whereby the related costs are capitalized&#13;                                         and amortized once the website is ready for use. Costs for development content of the&#13;                                         website may be expensed or capitalized depending on the circumstances of the expenditures.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Post-implementation&#13;                                         (after site is up and running: security, training, admin), whereby the related costs&#13;                                         are expensed as incurred. Upgrades are usually expensed, unless they add additional functionality.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and&#13;liabilities using the enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be recovered.&#13;The Company provides a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to&#13;be more likely than not.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value&#13;of Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Property&#13;and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue Concentration&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;recognizes management fee income as services are provided.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Asset Retirement Obligations&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Full Cost Method&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;followed the full cost method of accounting for oil and gas operations in 2016 whereby all costs related to the exploration and&#13;development of oil and gas properties were initially capitalized into a single cost center (&amp;#34;full cost pool&amp;#34;). The Company&#13;had no oil and gas operations in 2017 as they were disposed as part of the debt restructuring transaction on June 21, 2016 described&#13;in Note 4 &amp;#8211; Debt Restructuring. Capitalized costs included land acquisition costs, geological and geophysical expenses,&#13;carrying charges on non-producing properties, costs of drilling directly related to acquisition, and exploration activities. Internal&#13;costs that were capitalized were directly attributable to acquisition, exploration and development activities and did not include&#13;costs related to general corporate overhead or similar activities. Costs associated with general corporate activities were expensed&#13;in the period incurred. Capitalized costs for year ended December, 2016 are summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized Certain Payroll and Other Internal Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 83%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized Interest Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7,219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 12.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7,219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Proceeds&#13;from sales of proved properties were credited to the full cost pool, with no gain or loss recognized, unless such a sale would&#13;significantly alter the relationship between capitalized costs and the proved reserves attributable to these costs. A significant&#13;alteration would typically involve a sale of 20% or more of the proved reserves related to a single full cost pool. The Company&#13;assessed all items classified as unevaluated property on a quarterly basis for possible impairment or reduction in value. The&#13;assessment included consideration of the following factors, among others: intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological and&#13;geophysical evaluations; drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the economic viability of development&#13;if proved reserves are assigned. During any period in which these factors indicate an impairment, the cumulative drilling costs&#13;incurred to date for such property and all or a portion of the associated leasehold costs were transferred to the full cost pool&#13;and were then subject to amortization.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized&#13;costs associated with impaired properties and properties having proved reserves, estimated future development costs, and asset&#13;retirement costs under FASB ASC 410-20-25 were depleted and amortized on the unit-of-production method based on the estimated&#13;gross proved reserves as determined by independent petroleum engineers. The costs of unproved properties were withheld from the&#13;depletion base until such time as they are either developed or abandoned.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized Certain Payroll and Other Internal Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 83%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized Interest Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7,219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basic&#13;and Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Basic earnings&#13;(loss) per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;) are computed by dividing net income (the numerator) by the weighted average number of common&#13;shares outstanding for the period (the denominator). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number&#13;of common shares and potential common shares outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. Potential common shares include stock&#13;options, warrants and restricted stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options, warrants&#13;and restricted stock is computed using the treasury stock method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The reconciliation&#13;of the denominators used to calculate basic EPS and diluted EPS for the years ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2017 and 2016 are as&#13;follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Years Ended December&#13;    31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding &amp;#8211;&#13;    basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;160,970,732&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;47,979,990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Plus: Potentially dilutive common shares:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Stock options and warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding&#13;    &amp;#8211; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;160,970,732&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;49,979,990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;For 2017&#13;and 2016, potential dilutive securities had an anti-dilutive effect and were not included in the calculation of diluted net loss&#13;per common share. Stock options and warrants excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS because their effect was anti-dilutive&#13;were 11,292,300 and 10,957,000 of December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2017 and 2016, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Years Ended December&#13;    31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding &amp;#8211;&#13;    basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;160,970,732&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;47,979,990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Plus: Potentially dilutive common shares:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Stock-Based&#13;Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Uncertain Tax Positions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;In accordance&#13;with ASC 740, &amp;#8220;Income Taxes&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC 740&amp;#8221;), the Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax&#13;position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be capable of withstanding examination by the taxing authorities&#13;based on the technical merits of the position. These standards prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for&#13;the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. These standards&#13;also provide guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and&#13;transition.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Various taxing&#13;authorities can periodically audit the Company&amp;#8217;s income tax returns. These audits include questions regarding the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions.&#13;In evaluating the exposures connected with these various tax filing positions, including state and local taxes, the Company records&#13;allowances for probable exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter, for which an allowance has been established,&#13;is audited and fully resolved. The Company has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Recent&#13;Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;From&#13;time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#34;FASB&amp;#34;) that are&#13;adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. If not discussed, management believes that the impact of recently issued&#13;standards, which are not yet effective, will not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements upon adoption.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;In December&#13;2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-20, &lt;i&gt;Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;.&#13;This guidance updates narrow aspects of the guidance issued in Update 2014-09. This amendment is effective for periods after December&#13;15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this standard on January 1, 2018 and anticipates it will not have&#13;a material impact on its financial statements and related disclosures.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; background-color: white&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;In August,&#13;2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-15, &lt;i&gt;Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of&#13;Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments &lt;/i&gt;(a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force). &lt;font style=color: black&gt;This guidance&#13;provides guidance of eight specific cash flow issues. This amendment is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2017,&#13;with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this standard on January 1, 2018 and anticipates it will not have a material&#13;impact on its financial statements and related disclosures.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;As shown&#13;in the accompanying financial statements, as of December 31, 2017 the Company had a cash balance of $1,477,089 and total working&#13;capital of $1,379,518. The Company has no revenue source presently. Based on projections of cash expenditures in the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;current business plan, the cash on hand would be insufficient to fund the Company&amp;#8217;s general and administrative expenses&#13;over the next year.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;continues to pursue sources of additional capital through various management fee agreements and financing transactions or arrangements,&#13;including joint venturing of projects, equity financing or other means. Additionally, as online gambling becomes legal in certain&#13;states, we may be due additional proceeds from our settlement agreement with Peerless/Electra Works and their successors if they&#13;choose to operate in those states. We may not be successful in identifying suitable funding transactions in a sufficient time&#13;period or at all, and we may not obtain the capital we require by other means. If we do not succeed in raising additional capital,&#13;our resources may not be sufficient to fund our business.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 83%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Oil and gas sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5,539,613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gain on settled derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,043,026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Loss on the mark-to-market of derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(4,288,736&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2,293,903&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Operating expenses:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Production expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,400,639&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Production taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;568,028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;General and administrative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;476,461&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Depletion of oil and gas properties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,114,347&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Impairment of oil and gas properties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5,219,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accretion of discount on&#13;    asset retirement obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;16,258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total operating expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10,794,733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(8,500,830&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Other income (expense):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1,696,544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total other income (expense)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1,696,544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Loss before provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(10,197,374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Prepaid expenses&#13;consist of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Prepaid insurance costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;24,999&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;43,324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Prepaid employee benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11,716&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11,844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Prepaid office and other costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;32,102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;31,724&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;68,817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;86,892&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Prepaid insurance costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;24,999&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;43,324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Prepaid employee benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11,716&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11,844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The&#13;investment in Black Ridge Holding Company, LLC as of December 31, 2016 represents our equity interest in Black Ridge Holding Company,&#13;LLC following the debt restructuring and related activity as described in Note 4 &amp;#8211; Debt Restructuring. We accounted for&#13;the investment using the cost method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Dissolution of BRHC &lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Property and equipment at December&#13;31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;128,156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;140,547&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(117,459&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(112,128&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total property and equipment, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10,697&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;28,419&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;During the year ended December&#13;31, 2017 we sold certain assets with a book value of $6,874 for proceeds of $2,160, resulting in a loss on disposal of $4,714.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The following table shows depreciation,&#13;depletion, and amortization expense by type of asset:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Depletion of costs for evaluated oil and gas properties&#13;    &lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,114,347&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Depreciation and amortization of other property&#13;    and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10,848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14,271&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total depreciation,&#13;    amortization and depletion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10,848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,128,618&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 3pt 0 0pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;Presented&#13;as a component of loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Impairment of Oil and Gas Properties&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;128,156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;140,547&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(117,459&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(112,128&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Depletion of costs for evaluated oil and gas properties&#13;    &lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,114,347&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Depreciation and amortization of other property&#13;    and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10,848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14,271&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total depreciation,&#13;    amortization and depletion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10,848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,128,618&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The following&#13;tables summarize gross and net productive oil wells by state at June 21, 2016 (prior to their disposition through our debt restructuring).&#13;A net well represents our percentage ownership of a gross well. The following tables do not include wells in which our interest&#13;is limited to royalty and overriding royalty interests. The following tables also do not include wells which were awaiting completion,&#13;in the process of completion or awaiting flow back subsequent to fracture stimulation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;June 21, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;North Dakota&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Montana&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;357&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;oil and natural gas properties consist of all acreage acquisition costs (including cash expenditures and the value of stock consideration),&#13;drilling costs and other associated capitalized costs. As of June 21, 2016, our principal oil and gas assets included approximately&#13;7,016, respectively, located in North Dakota and Montana.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The following&#13;table summarizes our capitalized costs for the purchase and development of our oil and natural gas properties for the years ended&#13;December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2016 (prior to their disposition through our debt restructuring):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 83%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Purchases of oil and natural gas properties and development&#13;    costs for cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4,858,134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Purchase of oil and natural gas properties accrued at period end&#13;    (prior to disposition)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,155,016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Purchase of oil and natural gas properties accrued at the beginning&#13;    of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(6,899,503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized asset retirement obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4,737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total purchase and development&#13;    costs, oil and natural gas properties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,118,384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;2016 Disposals&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;During 2016,&#13;the Company sold, prior to our debt restructuring, approximately 14&amp;#160;net mineral acres of oil and natural gas properties for&#13;total proceeds of $94,628. No gain or loss was recorded pursuant to the sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;2016 Disposition&#13;in Debt Restructuring&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;June 21, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;North Dakota&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Montana&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 83%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Purchases of oil and natural gas properties and development&#13;    costs for cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4,858,134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Purchase of oil and natural gas properties accrued at period end&#13;    (prior to disposition)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,155,016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Purchase of oil and natural gas properties accrued at the beginning&#13;    of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(6,899,503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized asset retirement obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4,737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;has asset retirement obligations (ARO) associated with the future plugging and abandonment of proved properties and related facilities.&#13;Under the provisions of FASB ASC 410-20-25, the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation is recorded in the&#13;period in which it is incurred and a corresponding increase in the carrying amount of the related long lived asset. The liability&#13;is accreted to its present value each period, and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset.&#13;If the liability is settled for an amount other than the recorded amount, a gain or loss is recognized. The Company has no assets&#13;that are legally restricted for purposes of settling asset retirement obligations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The following&#13;table summarizes the Company&amp;#8217;s asset retirement obligation transactions recorded in accordance with the provisions of FASB&#13;ASC 410-20-25 during the year ended December 31, 2016:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Year ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 83%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Beginning ARO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;368,089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Liabilities incurred for new wells placed in production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4,737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accretion of discount on ARO (a component of loss from discontinued&#13;    operations)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;16,258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Liability relieved in debt restructuring&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(389,084&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Ending ARO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Year ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 83%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Beginning ARO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;368,089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Liabilities incurred for new wells placed in production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4,737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accretion of discount on ARO (a component of loss from discontinued&#13;    operations)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;16,258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Liability relieved in debt restructuring&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(389,084&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;is required to recognize all derivative instruments on the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value.&#13;The Company has not designated its derivative instruments as hedges for accounting purposes and, as such, marks its derivative&#13;instruments to fair value and recognizes the realized and unrealized changes in fair value in its statements of operations under&#13;the captions &amp;#8220;Loss on Settled Derivatives&amp;#8221; and &amp;#8220;Losses on the mark-to-market of derivatives.&amp;#8221;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;has utilized swap and collar derivative contracts to hedge against the variability in cash flows associated with the forecasted&#13;sale of crude oil production. While the use of these derivative instruments limits the downside risk of adverse price movements,&#13;their use also limits the upside revenue potential of upward price movements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;For a fixed&#13;price swap contract, the counterparty is required to make a payment to the Company if the settlement price for any settlement&#13;period is less than the swap price and the Company is required to make a payment to the counterparty if the settlement price for&#13;any period is greater than the swap price. For a collar contract, the counterparty is required to make a payment to the Company&#13;if the settlement price for any settlement period is below the floor price, the Company is required to make a payment to the counterparty&#13;if the settlement price for any settlement period is above the ceiling price and no payment is required by either party if the&#13;settlement price for any settlement period is between the floor price and the ceiling price.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;derivative contracts are settled based on reported settlement prices on commodity exchanges, with crude oil derivative settlements&#13;based on NYMEX West Texas Intermediate (&amp;#8220;WTI&amp;#8221;) pricing.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;As of June&#13;21, 2016 all of our then outstanding derivative contracts, with a mark-to-market liability valuation of $3,134,336, were transferred&#13;to BRHC as part of the debt restructuring.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Derivative&#13;Gains and Losses&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The following&#13;table presents realized and unrealized gains and losses on derivative instruments for the periods presented:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Realized gain on derivatives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 83%; text-align: left; text-indent: 4.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Crude oil fixed price swaps&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;922,872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 4.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Crude oil collars&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;120,154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Realized gain on derivatives,&#13;    net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,043,026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gain (loss) on the mark-to-market of derivatives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 4.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Crude oil fixed price swaps&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(4,157,491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 4.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Crude oil collars&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(131,245&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gain (loss) on the mark-to-market&#13;    of derivatives, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(4,288,736&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Realized gain on derivatives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 83%; text-align: left; text-indent: 4.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Crude oil fixed price swaps&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;922,872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 4.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Crude oil collars&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;120,154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Realized gain on derivatives,&#13;    net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,043,026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gain (loss) on the mark-to-market of derivatives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 4.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Crude oil fixed price swaps&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(4,157,491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 4.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Crude oil collars&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(131,245&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Under FASB&#13;ASC 820-10-5, fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an&#13;orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (an exit price). The standard outlines a valuation framework&#13;and creates a fair value hierarchy in order to increase the consistency and comparability of fair value measurements and the related&#13;disclosures. Under GAAP, certain assets and liabilities must be measured at fair value, and FASB ASC 820-10-50 details the disclosures&#13;that are required for items measured at fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;has cash and cash equivalents and a revolving credit facility that must be measured under the fair value standard. The Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;financial assets and liabilities are measured using inputs from the three levels of the fair value hierarchy. The three levels&#13;are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 1 -&#13;Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to&#13;access at the measurement date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 2 -&#13;Inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets&#13;or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability&#13;(e.g., interest rates, yield curves, etc.), and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market&#13;data by correlation or other means (market corroborated inputs).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 3 -&#13;Unobservable inputs that reflect our assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset&#13;or liability.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The following&#13;schedule summarizes the valuation of financial instruments at fair value on a recurring basis in the balances sheet as of December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2017&#13;and&amp;#160;2016:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Fair Value Measurements&#13;    at December 31, 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 55%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,477,089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Restricted cash and investments held in trust&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;138,980,353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;140,457,442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;140,457,442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Fair Value Measurements&#13;    at December 31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 55%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;66,269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;66,269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;66,269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;There were&#13;no transfers of financial assets or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 inputs for the years ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2017&#13;and 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Fair Value Measurements&#13;    at December 31, 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 55%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,477,089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Restricted cash and investments held in trust&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;138,980,353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;140,457,442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;140,457,442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Fair Value Measurements&#13;    at December 31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 55%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;66,269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;66,269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left; padding-left: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;66,269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Promissory&#13;Note&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;On July 7,&#13;2017 the Company entered into a $500,000 Promissory Note (the Note) issued to Cadence Bank, N.A. (Cadence) and a Security Agreement&#13;by the Company in favor of Cadence. The Note bore interest at 4.5% per annum payable monthly and was due on October 7, 2017. The&#13;Note was repaid in full on September 14, 2017. The Note was secured by the Company&amp;#8217;s deposit account at Cadence and all&#13;of the Company&amp;#8217;s rights, title and interests in and to the contractual rights of the Company to receive payment from Chambers&#13;Energy Management for the purchase of the Company&amp;#8217;s interest in Black Ridge Holding Company, LLC. The Company incurred and&#13;paid $4,313 in interest on the Note and paid $4,400 in origination fees and other set up costs that are included in interest expense&#13;on the statement of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Former&#13;Senior Credit Agreement&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company,&#13;as borrower, entered into a Credit Agreement dated August&amp;#160;8, 2013 and amendments thereto dated December&amp;#160;13, 2013, March&amp;#160;24,&#13;2014, April&amp;#160;21, 2014, September&amp;#160;11,&amp;#160;2014, March&amp;#160;30, 2015 and August 10, 2015 (as amended, the &amp;#8220;Senior&#13;Credit Agreement&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;) with Cadence, as lender (the &amp;#8220;Senior Credit Facility&amp;#8221;). Under the terms of the Senior&#13;Credit Agreement, a senior secured revolving line of credit in the maximum aggregate principal amount of $50&amp;#160;million was&#13;available from time to time (i) for direct investment in oil and gas properties, (ii) for general working capital purposes, including&#13;the issuance of letters of credit, and (iii) to refinance the then existing debt under the Company&amp;#8217;s former credit facility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Availability&#13;under the Senior Credit Facility was at all times subject to the then-applicable borrowing base, determined by Cadence in a manner&#13;consistent with the normal and customary oil and gas lending practices of Cadence. Availability was initially set at $7&amp;#160;million&#13;and was subject to periodic redeterminations. Subject to availability under the borrowing base, the Company could borrow, repay&#13;and re-borrow funds in amounts of $250,000 or more. At the Company&amp;#8217;s election, the unpaid principal balance of any borrowings&#13;under the Senior Credit Facility may bear interest at either (i) the Base Rate, as defined in the Senior Credit Facility, plus&#13;the applicable margin, which varies from 1.00% to 1.50% or (ii) the LIBOR rate, as defined in the Senior Credit Facility, plus&#13;the applicable margin, which varies from 3.00% to 3.50%. Interest was payable for Base Rate loans on the last business day of&#13;the month and for LIBOR loans on the last LIBOR business day of each LIBOR interest period. The Company was also required to pay&#13;a quarterly fee of 0.50% on any unused portion of the borrowing base, as well as a facility fee of 0.90% of the initial and any&#13;subsequent additions to the borrowing base.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Senior&#13;Credit Facility&amp;#8217;s maturity date of August&amp;#160;8,&amp;#160;2016, was subsequently amended to January&amp;#160;15, 2017 pursuant&#13;to the amendment on March&amp;#160;30, 2015. The Company could prepay the entire amount of Base Rate loans at any time, and could&#13;prepay the entire amount of LIBOR loans upon at least three business days&amp;#8217; notice to Cadence. The Senior Credit Facility&#13;was secured by first priority interests in mortgages on substantially all of the Company&amp;#8217;s assets, including but not limited&#13;to the Company&amp;#8217;s mineral interests in North Dakota and Montana.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;As part of the debt restructuring&#13;outline in Note 4 &amp;#8211; Debt Restructuring, the Company transferred the obligation with a balance outstanding of $29,400,000&#13;under the Senior Credit Facility to BRHC on June 21, 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Former Subordinated Credit&#13;Facility&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company,&#13;as borrower, entered into a Second Lien Credit Agreement dated August&amp;#160;8,&amp;#160;2013 and amendments thereto dated December&amp;#160;13,&#13;2013, March&amp;#160;24, 2014, April&amp;#160;21, 2014, September&amp;#160;11, 2014, March&amp;#160;30, 2015, and August 10, 2015 (as amended,&#13;the &amp;#8220;Subordinated Credit Agreement&amp;#8221;) by and among the Company, as borrower, Chambers Energy Management, LP, as administrative&#13;agent (&amp;#8220;Chambers&amp;#8221;), and the several other lenders named therein (the &amp;#8220;Subordinated Credit Facility&amp;#8221;).&#13;Under the Subordinated Credit Facility, term loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $75 million were available from&#13;time to time (i) to repay the Previous Credit Facility, (ii) for fees and closing costs in connection with both the Senior Credit&#13;Facility and the Subordinated Credit Facility (together, the &amp;#8220;Credit Facilities&amp;#8221;), and (iii) general corporate purposes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Subordinated&#13;Credit Agreement provided initial commitment availability of $25&amp;#160;million, which was subsequently amended to $30&amp;#160;million,&#13;with the remaining commitments subject to the approval of Chambers and other customary conditions. The Company could borrow the&#13;available commitments in amounts of $5&amp;#160;million or more and could not request borrowings of such loans more than once a month,&#13;provided that the initial draw was at least $15&amp;#160;million. Loans under the Subordinated Credit Facility were funded net of&#13;a 2%&amp;#160;OID. The unpaid principal balance of borrowings under the Subordinated Credit Facility bore interest at the Cash Interest&#13;Rate plus the PIK Interest Rate. The Cash Interest Rate was 9.00% per annum plus a rate per annum equal to the greater of (i)&#13;1.00% and (ii) the offered rate for three-month deposits in U.S. dollars that appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR 01 as of 11:00 a.m.&#13;(London time) on the second full LIBOR business day preceding the first day of each calendar quarter. The PIK Interest Rate was&#13;equal to 4.00% per annum. Interest was payable on the last day of each month. The Company was also required to pay an annual nonrefundable&#13;administration fee of $50,000 and a monthly availability fee computed at a rate of 0.50% per annum on the average daily amount&#13;of any unused portion of the available amount under the commitment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Subordinated&#13;Credit Facility was to mature on June&amp;#160;30,&amp;#160;2017. Upon at least three business days&amp;#8217; written notice, the Company&#13;could prepay the entire amount under the loans, together with accrued interest. Each prepayment made prior to the second anniversary&#13;of the funding date, as defined in the Subordinated Credit Facility, would be accompanied by a make-whole amount, as defined in&#13;the Subordinated Credit Agreement. Prepayments made on or after the second anniversary of the funding date were accompanied by&#13;an applicable premium, as set forth in the Subordinated Credit Agreement. The Subordinated Credit Facility was secured by second&#13;priority interests on substantially all of the Company&amp;#8217;s assets, including but not limited to second priority mortgages&#13;on the Company&amp;#8217;s mineral interests in North Dakota and Montana.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The first&#13;funding from the Subordinated Credit Facility occurred on September&amp;#160;9,&amp;#160;2013 at which time we drew $14,700,000, net of&#13;a $300,000 original issue discount, from the Subordinated Credit Agreement and used $10,226,057 of those proceeds to repay and&#13;terminate a previously outstanding revolving credit facility. We had drawn an additional $14,700,000, net of $300,000 original&#13;issue discounts, through June 21, 2016. The Company had borrowings of $30.0&amp;#160;million outstanding under the Subordinated Credit&#13;Facility as of June 21, 2016. The obligations under the Subordinated Credit Facility, $30.0 million of principal and $2,931,369&#13;of PIK interest payable, were transferred to BRHC and converted to equity in BRHC as part of the debt restructuring outlined in&#13;Note 4 - Debt Restructuring on June 21, 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Intercreditor&#13;Agreements and Covenants&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Cadence and&#13;Chambers had entered into an Intercreditor Agreement dated August&amp;#160;8,&amp;#160;2013 (the &amp;#8220;Intercreditor Agreement&amp;#8221;).&#13;The Intercreditor Agreement provided that any liens on the assets of the Company securing indebtedness under the Subordinated&#13;Credit Facility were subordinate to liens on the assets securing indebtedness under the Senior Credit Facility and set forth the&#13;respective rights, obligations and remedies of the lenders under the Senior Credit Facility with respect to their first priority&#13;liens and the lenders under the Subordinated Credit Facility with respect to their second priority liens.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Credit&#13;Facilities, as amended, required customary affirmative and negative covenants for credit facilities of the respective types and&#13;sizes for companies operating in the oil and gas industry, as well as customary events of default. Furthermore, the Credit Facilities&#13;contain financial covenants that required the Company to satisfy certain specified financial ratios. The Senior Credit Agreement&#13;required the Company to maintain, as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company, (i) a collateral coverage ratio (reserve&#13;value plus consolidated working capital to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June&amp;#160;30,&#13;2014, 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarters ending September&amp;#160;30, 2014 and December&amp;#160;31, 2014, was waived for the quarters ending&#13;March&amp;#160;31, 2015 and June&amp;#160;30, 2015, and 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&amp;#160;30, 2015, and 0.80 to 1.00&#13;for the quarter ending December&amp;#160;31, 2015 and thereafter, (ii) a ratio of current assets, including debt facility available&#13;to be drawn, to current liabilities of a minimum of 1.0 to 1.0, except for the quarter ending June&amp;#160;30,&amp;#160;2014, which was&#13;waived, (iii) a net debt to EBITDAX, as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement, ratio of 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ended March&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2014,&#13;4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ended June&amp;#160;30, 2014 and September&amp;#160;30, 2014, 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ended December&amp;#160;31,&#13;2014, was waived for the quarters ended March&amp;#160;31, 2015 and June 30, 2015, and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&amp;#160;30,&#13;2015, and 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2015, and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&amp;#160;31,&#13;2016 and thereafter, in each case calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis, (iv) a maximum senior leverage ratio of&#13;not more than 2.5 to 1.0 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis, and (v) a minimum interest coverage ratio of not&#13;less than 3.0 to 1.0. The Subordinated Credit Agreement required the Company to maintain, as of the last day of each fiscal quarter&#13;of the Company, (i) a collateral coverage ratio (reserve value plus consolidated working capital to adjusted indebtedness) of&#13;at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June&amp;#160;30,&amp;#160;2014, 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarters ending September&amp;#160;30,&amp;#160;2014&#13;and December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2014, was waived for the quarters ending March&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2015 and June 30, 2015, and 0.70 to 1.00&#13;for the quarter ending September&amp;#160;30,&amp;#160;2015, and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2015 and thereafter,&#13;(ii) a consolidated net leverage ratio (adjusted total indebtedness less the amount of unrestricted cash equivalents to consolidated&#13;EBITDA) of no more than 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2014, 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ending June&amp;#160;30,&amp;#160;2014&#13;and September&amp;#160;30,&amp;#160;2014, 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2014, was waived for the quarters&#13;ending March&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2015 and June 30, 2015, and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&amp;#160;30,&amp;#160;2015, and 3.65&#13;to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2015, and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2016 and&#13;thereafter, calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis, (iii) a consolidated cash interest coverage ratio (consolidated&#13;EBITDA to consolidated cash interest expense) of no less than 2.5 to 1.0, calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis&#13;and (iv) a ratio of consolidated current assets to consolidated current liabilities of at least 1.0 to 1.0, except for the quarter&#13;ending June 30, 2015 when the covenant was waived. In addition, each of the Credit Facilities required that the Company enter&#13;into hedging agreements based on anticipated oil production from currently producing wells as agreed to by the lenders.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Covenant&#13;Violations&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;was out of compliance with the collateral coverage ratio covenant as of March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and the current ratio&#13;covenant as defined by the Subordinated Credit Facility as of March 31, 2016. Additionally, the audit report the Company received&#13;with respect to its financial statements as of December 31, 2015 contains an explanatory paragraph expressing uncertainty as to&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern, the delivery of which constituted a default under both its Senior&#13;Credit Facility and Subordinated Credit Facility. The Company received a waiver for all debt covenants as of December 31, 2015&#13;and March 31, 2016 as part of the debt restructuring outlined in Note 4 &amp;#8211; Debt Restructuring.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The following&#13;presents components of interest expense which is presented as a component of loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, on&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s statement of operations for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Years Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accrued PIK interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;330,740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Interest and fees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8,713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,373,023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less interest capitalized to the full cost&#13;    pool of our proved oil &amp;#38; gas properties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(7,219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8,713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,696,544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Years Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accrued PIK interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;330,740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Interest and fees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8,713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,373,023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;No&#13;options were granted during the year ended December 31, 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The&#13;following table presents all options granted during the year ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2016:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Black-Scholes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Number&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Vesting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Pricing Model:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Grant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Strike&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;in&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Term in&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Call&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Recipient&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Years&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Years&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;in 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;in 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;K. DeCubellis, CEO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,204,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;47,925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;15,976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;825&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;J. Moe, CFO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;450,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;17,912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5,972&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;M. Eisele, COO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;500,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;19,903&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6,636&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;300,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11,942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;36,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;476&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;50,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;498&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;65,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2,587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;112&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;J. Lahti, Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;300,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11,942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;B. Oehler, Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;300,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11,942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;B. Berman, Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;300,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11,942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;L. Berman, Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;300,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11,942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10/26/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;L. Berman, Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.050&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;226%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0497&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4,973&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,656&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,913,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;156,771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;52,090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2,913&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;All&#13;options vest in equal annual installments, commencing one year from the date of the grant, are exercisable for 10 years from the&#13;date of the grant and are being amortized over the implied service term, or vesting period, of the options.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Options&#13;Cancelled&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;During 2017,&#13;87,700 options were forfeited by an employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;No options&#13;were cancelled during the year ended December 31, 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Options&#13;Expired&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;During 2017,&#13;a total of 12,000 options with a strike price of $0.29 per share expired.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;During 2016,&#13;a total of 12,000 options with a strike price of $0.33 per share expired.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Options&#13;Exercised&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;No options&#13;were exercised during the year ended December&amp;#160;31, 2017 and 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The following&#13;is a summary of information about the Stock Options outstanding at December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=7 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Shares Underlying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=7 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Shares Underlying&#13;    Options Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Underlying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Remaining&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Underlying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Range of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Contractual&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercise Prices&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.03 - $1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10,857,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6.74 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6,938,433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The fair&#13;value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average&#13;assumptions used for grants under the fixed option plan:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Average risk-free interest rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;None granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2.06%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Average expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;None granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;None granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Black-Scholes&#13;option pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of short-term traded options that have no vesting restrictions&#13;and are fully transferable. In addition, option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including&#13;expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&amp;#8217;s employee stock options have characteristics significantly different&#13;from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate,&#13;in management&amp;#8217;s opinion the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its&#13;employee stock options. During the years ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2017 and&amp;#160;2016 there were no options granted with an&#13;exercise price below the fair value of the underlying stock at the grant date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The following&#13;is a summary of activity of outstanding stock options:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Number&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;of Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Prices&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance, December 31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7,055,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(12,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,913,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance, December 31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10,957,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(12,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(87,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance, December 31, 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10,857,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercisable, December 31, 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6,938,433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Black-Scholes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Number&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Vesting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Pricing Model:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Grant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Strike&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;in&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Term in&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Call&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Recipient&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Years&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Years&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;in 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;in 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;K. DeCubellis, CEO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,204,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;47,925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;15,976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;825&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;J. Moe, CFO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;450,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;17,912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5,972&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;M. Eisele, COO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;500,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;19,903&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6,636&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;300,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11,942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;36,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;476&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;50,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;498&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;65,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2,587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;112&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;J. Lahti, Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;300,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11,942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;B. Oehler, Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;300,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11,942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;B. Berman, Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;300,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11,942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;L. Berman, Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;300,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11,942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,980&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10/26/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;L. Berman, Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.050&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;226%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0497&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4,973&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,656&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,913,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;156,771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;52,090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2,913&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=7 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Shares Underlying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=7 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Shares Underlying&#13;    Options Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Underlying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Remaining&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Underlying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Range of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Contractual&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercise Prices&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Number&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;of Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Prices&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance, December 31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7,055,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(12,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,913,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance, December 31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10,957,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(12,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(87,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance, December 31, 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10,857,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Warrants Granted&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;issued 435,000 warrants to purchase shares at $0.01 per share to participants of the Backstop Agreement on September 22, 2017.&#13;&lt;font style=color: black&gt;The Company accounted for the warrants as an expense of the Rights Offering which resulted in a charge&#13;directly to stockholders&amp;#8217; equity. The Company estimated the fair value of these warrants to be approximately $10,135 (or&#13;$.0233 per warrant) using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of the warrants was estimated as of the date&#13;of grant using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of 388%, (2) risk-free interest rate of 1.89% and (3) expected&#13;life of five years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;No warrants&#13;were granted during the year ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Warrants&#13;Cancelled&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;No warrants&#13;were cancelled during the year ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;A total of&#13;5,000,000 warrants with a strike price of $0.65 per share were forfeited on June 21, 2016 commensurate with our debt refinancing.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Warrants&#13;Expired&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;No warrants&#13;were expired during the year ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;A total of&#13;3,048,375 warrants with an average strike price of $1.45 per share expired on July 26, 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;A total of&#13;500,000 warrants with a strike price of $0.95 per share expired on May 2, 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Warrants&#13;Exercised&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;No warrants&#13;were exercised during the years ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2017 and&amp;#160;2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The following&#13;is a summary of activity of outstanding warrants:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Number&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;of Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Prices&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance, December 31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8,548,375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(3,548,375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(5,000,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance, December 31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;435,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance, December 31, 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;435,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercisable, December 31, 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;435,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Number&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;of Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Prices&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance, December 31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8,548,375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(3,548,375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(5,000,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance, December 31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;435,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance, December 31, 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;435,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Initial&#13;Public Offering&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Pursuant&#13;to the its Initial Public Offering and including the subsequent over-allotment option exercised by the underwriter, BRAC sold&#13;13,800,000 Units at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of common stock, one right (&amp;#8220;Public&#13;Right&amp;#8221;) and one warrant (&amp;#8220;Public Warrant&amp;#8221;). Each Public Right will convert into one-tenth (1/10) of one share&#13;of common stock upon consummation of a Business Combination. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of&#13;common stock at an exercise price of $11.50.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Private&#13;Placement&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Simultaneous&#13;with the its Initial Public Offering and over-allotment option exercise, BROG purchased an aggregate of 445,000 Placement Units&#13;at a price of $10.00 per Unit (or an aggregate purchase price of $4,450,000). Each Placement Unit consists of one share of common&#13;stock (&amp;#8220;Placement Share&amp;#8221;), one right (&amp;#8220;Placement Right&amp;#8221;) and one warrant (each, a &amp;#8220;Placement Warrant&amp;#8221;)&#13;to purchase one share of the common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share. The proceeds from the Placement Units were&#13;added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If BRAC does not complete a Business Combination&#13;within the Combination Period, the proceeds of the sale of the Placement Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public&#13;Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Placement Rights and Placement Warrants will expire worthless.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Placement&#13;Units are identical to the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering except that the Placement Warrants (i) are not redeemable&#13;by BRAC and (ii) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, so long as they are held by BROG or any of its permitted transferees.&#13;In addition, the Placement Units and their component securities may not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the&#13;consummation of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Rights&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Each holder&#13;of a right will receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common stock upon consummation of a Business Combination, even if a holder&#13;of such right converted all ordinary shares held by it in connection with a Business Combination. No fractional shares will be&#13;issued upon exchange of the rights. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to&#13;receive its additional shares upon consummation of a Business Combination as the consideration related thereto has been included&#13;in the Unit purchase price paid for by investors in the Initial Public Offering. If BRAC enters into a definitive agreement for&#13;a Business Combination in which BRAC will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of&#13;rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the shares of common stock will receive in the transaction on&#13;an as-converted into shares of common stock basis and each holder of rights will be required to affirmatively covert its rights&#13;in order to receive 1/10 of a share of common stock underlying each right (without paying additional consideration). The shares&#13;of common stock issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of BRAC).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;If BRAC is&#13;unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and BRAC liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account,&#13;holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from&#13;BRAC&amp;#8217;s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. Further,&#13;there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of a Business&#13;Combination. Additionally, in no event will BRAC be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire&#13;worthless.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The rights&#13;included in the Private Units sold in the Private Placement are identical to the rights included in the Units sold in the Initial&#13;Public Offering, except that, among others, the rights including the shares issuable upon exchange of such rights, are being purchased&#13;pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and will become tradable only after certain&#13;conditions are met or the resale of such rights (including underlying securities) is registered under the Securities Act.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Warrants&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants&#13;may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Warrants. The Warrants&#13;will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the consummation of a Business Combination or (b) October 10, 2018.&#13;No Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless BRAC has an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of&#13;common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing,&#13;if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants is not effective within&#13;30 days from the consummation of a Business Combination, the holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration&#13;statement and during any period when BRAC shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise the Warrants&#13;on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. If an exemption from registration&#13;is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis. The Warrants will expire five years&#13;from the consummation of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Private&#13;Warrants will be identical to the Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except the Private Warrants&#13;will be exercisable for cash (even if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of such&#13;Private Warrants is not effective) or on a cashless basis, at the holder&amp;#8217;s option, and will not be redeemable by BRAC, in&#13;each case so long as they are still held by BROG or its affiliates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;BRAC may&#13;call the Warrants for redemption (excluding the Private Warrants but including any outstanding Warrants issued upon exercise of&#13;the unit purchase option issued to EarlyBirdCapital), in whole and not in part, at a price of $.01 per Warrant:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Symbol; color: black&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;at&#13;                                         any time while the Warrants are exercisable,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Symbol; color: black&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;upon&#13;                                         not less than 30 days&amp;#8217; prior written notice of redemption to each Warrant holder,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Symbol; color: black&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;if,&#13;                                         and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of common stock equals or exceeds&#13;                                         $18.00 per share, for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending on the&#13;                                         third business day prior to the notice of redemption to Warrant holders, and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Symbol; color: black&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;if,&#13;                                         and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the&#13;                                         shares of common stock underlying such Warrants at the time of redemption and for the&#13;                                         entire 30-day redemption period and continuing each day thereafter until the date of&#13;                                         redemption.&lt;font style=color: black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;If BRAC calls&#13;the Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Warrants to do so&#13;on a &amp;#8220;cashless basis,&amp;#8221; as described in the warrant agreement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The exercise&#13;price and number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including&#13;in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However,&#13;the Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in&#13;no event will BRAC be required to net cash settle the Warrants. If BRAC is unable to complete a Business Combination within the&#13;Combination Period and BRAC liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Warrants will not receive any of such funds&#13;with respect to their Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from BRAC&amp;#8217;s assets held outside of the Trust Account&#13;with respect to such Warrants. Accordingly, the Warrants may expire worthless.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Unit Purchase&#13;Option&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;is involved in various inquiries, administrative proceedings and litigation relating to matters arising in the normal course of&#13;business. The Company is not currently a defendant in any material litigation and is not aware of any threatened litigation that&#13;could have a material effect on the Company. Management is not able to estimate the minimum loss to be incurred, if any, as a&#13;result of the final outcome of the matters arising in the normal course of business but believes they are not likely to have a&#13;material adverse effect upon the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position or results of operations and, accordingly, no provision for&#13;loss has been recorded.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;periodically maintains cash balances at banks in excess of federally insured amounts. The extent of loss, if any, to be sustained&#13;as a result of any future failure of a bank or other financial institution is not subject to estimation at this time.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;BRAC&amp;#8217;s&#13;agreements with underwriters&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;BRAC&#13;engaged the underwriters as advisors in connection with its Initial Business Combination to assist it in holding meetings with&#13;its shareholders to discuss the potential business combination and the target business&amp;#8217; attributes, introduce it to potential&#13;investors that are interested in purchasing its securities, assist it in obtaining shareholder approval for the business combination&#13;and assist it with its press releases and public filings in connection with the business combination. BRAC will pay its underwriters&#13;a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of its initial business combination in an amount equal to 3.5% of the gross&#13;proceeds of its offering (exclusive of any applicable finders&amp;#8217; fees which might become payable).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Registration&#13;rights&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;On March&#13;1, 2018, the Board of Directors (the &amp;#8220;Board&amp;#8221;) of the Company approved and adopted the Black Ridge Gas, Inc. 2018 Management&#13;Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;Plan&amp;#8221;) and the form of 2018 Management Incentive Plan Award Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Award Agreement&amp;#8221;:).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;In connection&#13;with the approval of the Plan and Award Agreement, the Board approved the issuance of awards (the &amp;#8220;Awards&amp;#8221;) to certain&#13;individuals including officers and directors (the &amp;#8220;Grantees&amp;#8221;), representing a percentage of the shares of BRAC held&#13;by the Company as of the date of closing of a business combination for the acquisition of a target business as described in the&#13;BRAC prospectus dated October 4, 2017, as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 19%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 57%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Percentage of BRAC Shares Owned by the&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Name&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Company Granted to the Grantee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Bradley Berman&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Lyle Berman&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Benjamin Oehler&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Joe Lahti&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Kenneth DeCubellis&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Michael Eisele&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2.8%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Preferred&#13;Stock&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;has 20,000,000 authorized shares of $0.001 par value preferred stock. No shares have been issued to date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Common&#13;Stock&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;has 500,000,000 authorized shares of $0.001 par value common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;filed a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (the &amp;#8220;Registration Statement&amp;#8221;) with the Securities and Exchange Commission&#13;(the &amp;#8220;SEC&amp;#8221;) to register the issuance of 431,819,910 shares of common stock in the Rights Offering that was declared&#13;effective by the SEC on August 3, 2017. Pursuant to the Rights Offering, the Company distributed, on a pro rata basis, one right&#13;for each share of common stock owned by shareholders on August 2, 2017 (the &amp;#8220;Record Date&amp;#8221;). Each right permitted a&#13;shareholder to purchase up to nine shares of common stock at a subscription price of $0.012 per share. The Rights Offering expired&#13;on September 8, 2017 (the &amp;#8220;Expiration Date&amp;#8221;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;In connection&#13;with the Rights Offering, the Company also entered into a Standby Purchase Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Backstop Agreement&amp;#8221;) with&#13;a consortium of investors, including members of the Company&amp;#8217;s board of directors and our Chief Executive Officer (collectively,&#13;the &amp;#8220;Backstop Purchasers&amp;#8221;), who agree to purchase up to $2.9 million of the unsubscribed shares following the completion&#13;of the rights offering.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;On September&#13;26, 2017, the Company completed the Rights Offering, raising gross proceeds of $5,181,839 and issued 431,819,910 shares in connection&#13;with the exercise of rights in connection with the Rights Offering and related Backstop Agreement. Under the Rights Offering the&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s current shareholders exercised rights to purchase 199,811,421 shares of stock for a total of $2,397,737. Under&#13;the Backstop Agreement, the Backstop Purchasers purchased 232,008,489 shares of stock for a total of $2,784,102. Officers and&#13;directors of the Company purchased 173,843,308 shares between the Rights Offering and as participants of the Backstop Agreement&#13;for $2,086,120 and received 179,376 warrants to purchase shares of common stock at $0.01 per share for their participation in&#13;the Backstop Agreement. The remaining 257,976,602 shares were purchased by non-related parties for proceeds of $2,965,555. The&#13;warrants issued to related parties fair value was estimated to be $4,179 (see Note 17). The Company incurred $130,164 in costs&#13;associated with raising capital, which has been netted against stockholders&amp;#8217; equity. Additionally as part of Backstop agreement,&#13;the Company issued 435,000 warrants to purchase its common stock at $0.01 for participants in the Backstop Agreement. The warrants&#13;fair value was estimated to be $10,135 (see Note 17).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;During the&#13;year ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2016, we granted various awards to our Officers and Directors as compensation for their services.&#13;These related party grants are fully disclosed in Note 16 below. No awards were granted in 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Prior&#13;to July 1, 2016, the Company leased office space on a month to month basis where the lessor is an entity owned by our former CEO&#13;and current Chairman of the Board of Directors, Bradley Berman. Pursuant to the lease, we occupied approximately 2,813 square&#13;feet of office space. We terminated the lease concurrent with our move to another location on June 30, 2016. The lease had base&#13;rents of $2,110 per month, plus common area operations and maintenance charges, and monthly parking fees of $240 per month, for&#13;the period from November 15, 2013 to October 31, 2014, and was subject to increases of $117 per month beginning November 1, 2014&#13;and for each of the subsequent annual periods. We paid a total of $36,183 to this entity during the year ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;On March&#13;29, 2016, the Company entered into an Asset Contribution Agreement with Black Ridge Holding Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability&#13;company (&amp;#8220;BRHC&amp;#8221;) which was previously formed by the Company to contribute and assign to BRHC, all of the Company's&#13;(i) oil and gas assets (including working capital and tangible and intangible assets) (the &amp;#8220;Assets&amp;#8221;), (ii) outstanding&#13;balances under that certain Credit Agreement between the Company, as borrower, and Cadence Bank, N.A. (&amp;#8220;Cadence&amp;#8221;),&#13;as lender (the &amp;#8220;Cadence Credit Facility&amp;#8221;) and the outstanding balances under that certain Credit Agreement between&#13;the Company, as borrower, and the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto&#13;(the &amp;#8220;Chambers&amp;#8221;), and Chambers, as administrative agent (the &amp;#8220;Chambers Credit Facility&amp;#8221;) and (iii) all&#13;current liabilities related to the Assets, in exchange for 5% of the issued and outstanding Class A Units (the &amp;#8220;Class A&#13;Units&amp;#8221;) in BRHC (the &amp;#8220;Asset Contribution&amp;#8221;). On March 29, 2016, affiliates of Chambers Energy Management, LP&#13;(&amp;#8220;Chambers&amp;#8221;) (specifically, Chambers Energy Capital II, LP and CEC II TE, LLC (collectively, the &amp;#8220;Chambers Affiliates&amp;#8221;))&#13;entered into a Debt Contribution Agreement between BRHC and the Chambers Affiliates, pursuant to which BRHC issued a number of&#13;Class A Units representing 95% of the Class A Units of BRHC to the Chambers Affiliates in exchange for the release of BRHC's obligations&#13;under the Chambers Credit Facility (the &amp;#8220;Satisfaction of Debt&amp;#8221; and, together with the Asset Contribution, the &amp;#8220;BRHC&#13;Transaction&amp;#8221;). Concurrent with the Satisfaction of Debt, each warrant originally issued with the Chambers Credit Facility&#13;was automatically retired and cancelled. The closing of the BRHC Transaction was subject to the Company obtaining the approval&#13;of stockholders holding a majority of its outstanding capital stock and to the Company having assigned the Cadence Credit Agreement&#13;to BRHC with Cadence&amp;#8217;s consent, and BRHC and Cadence entering into any applicable amendment agreements related to such assignment&#13;and waiver of financial covenant ratio compliance for the quarter ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2015 and quarter ending March 31,&#13;2016. &lt;font style=color: black&gt;On June 21, 2016, the Company satisfied all of these conditions and, for accounting purposes,&#13;the BRHC Transaction was closed. The parties have agreed that the BRHC Transaction, the Asset Contribution and the Satisfaction&#13;of Debt are effective, for valuation purposes, as of April 1, 2016.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The terms&#13;of the Class A Units of BRHC are set forth in the limited liability company agreement of BRHC (the &amp;#8220;LLC Agreement&amp;#8221;),&#13;which became effective upon the closing of the BRHC Transaction. All distributions by BRHC of cash or other property, and whether&#13;upon liquidation or otherwise, will be made as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;First,&#13;                                         100% to the Class A Members, pro rata, until each Class A Member has received distributions&#13;                                         in aggregate totaling the then Class A Preference, which is an amount equal to a 10.0%&#13;                                         internal rate of return on the invested capital amount.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Second,&#13;                                         90% to the Class A Members, pro rata, and 10% to the Class B Members, pro rata, until&#13;                                         such time as the aggregate distributions to Chambers equals 250% of the capital contribution&#13;                                         of its Class A Units.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Third,&#13;                                         80% to the Class A Members, pro rata, and 20% to the Class B Members, pro rata.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;BRHC was&#13;managed by the BRHC Board, which had been responsible for the conduct of the day-to-day business of BRHC and the management, oversight&#13;and disposition of the assets of BRHC. The initial BRHC Board was comprised of three managers, consisting of two managers appointed&#13;by Chambers and one member from the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;In addition,&#13;under the LLC Agreement, Chambers committed to contribute up to $30 million cash (the &amp;#8220;Chambers Investment Commitment&amp;#8221;)&#13;to BRHC in exchange for Class A Units. At Closing, Chambers funded $10 million (the &amp;#8220;Initial Chambers Investment&amp;#8221;)&#13;of the Chambers Investment Commitment, the proceeds of which were used to reduce outstanding amounts owed by BRHC to Cadence under&#13;the Cadence Credit Facility and for general corporate purposes. The remaining $20 million (the &amp;#8220;Subsequent Chambers Investment&amp;#8221;),&#13;subject to certain conditions, may be called from time to time during the Investment Period by the board of managers of BRHC (the&#13;&amp;#8220;BRHC Board&amp;#8221;). The Initial Chambers Investment and any Subsequent Chambers Investment shall serve to proportionately&#13;reduce the Company's Class A Units percentage ownership in BRHC. The investment period shall be the lesser of three years or such&#13;time as the entire Chambers Investment Commitment has been called by the BRHC Board (the &amp;#8220;Investment Period&amp;#8221;). Any&#13;portion of Chambers Investment Commitment not called by the BRHC Board prior to the expiration of the Investment Period will be&#13;cancelled. In no event will Chambers be required to make a capital contribution in an amount in excess of its undrawn commitment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;was granted 1,000,000 Class B Units in BRHC at the Closing of the BRHC Transaction. At the discretion of the BRHC&amp;#8217;s Board&#13;of Managers, the Company may be granted additional Class B Units in BRHC, and in turn, the Company may transfer such Class B Units&#13;to certain members of the Company's management. Subject to certain conditions, the Class B Units will entitle the holders to participate&#13;in any future distributions of BRHC after distributions equal to the capital contributions and preferred return have been made&#13;to the holders of Class A Units of BRHC.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;At the closing&#13;of the BRHC Transaction, the Company entered into a Management Services Agreement with BRHC. Under the Management Services Agreement,&#13;the Company provided services to BRHC with respect to the business operations of BRHC, including but not limited to locating,&#13;investigating and analyzing potential non-operator oil and gas projects and day-to-day operations related to such projects. The&#13;Company received a fee under the Management Services Agreement intended to cover the costs of providing such services and is reimbursed&#13;for certain third party expenses. The term of the Management Services Agreement commenced on the closing of the BRHC Transaction&#13;and continued indefinitely, unless terminated, which required a three month notice by the terminating party. The management services&#13;agreement was terminated by BRHC as of June 30, 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;As a result&#13;of the transaction, the Company recorded for the year ended December 31, 2016 a gain on debt restructuring of $41,621,150 calculated&#13;as the difference between our final ownership interest in BRHC, after conversion of debt to equity and the equity contribution&#13;of the Initial Chambers Investment within BRHC and our retention of a 3.88% ownership interest in BRHC, and the net book value&#13;of the assets and labilities we transferred to BRHC.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; background-color: white&gt;The&#13;income and expense for the associated with the operating activities (through June 21, 2016, the date of the BRHC transaction)&#13;contributed in the BRHC Transaction are reflected as &amp;#8220;Loss from discontinued items, net of income taxes&amp;#8221; on our statement&#13;of operations for the year ended December 31, 2016. The items included in &amp;#8220;Loss from discontinued operations, net of income&#13;taxes&amp;#8221; are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 83%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Oil and gas sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5,539,613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gain on settled derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,043,026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Loss on the mark-to-market of derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(4,288,736&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2,293,903&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Operating expenses:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Production expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,400,639&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Production taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;568,028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;General and administrative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;476,461&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Depletion of oil and gas properties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,114,347&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Impairment of oil and gas properties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5,219,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accretion of discount on&#13;    asset retirement obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;16,258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total operating expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10,794,733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(8,500,830&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Other income (expense):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1,696,544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total other income (expense)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1,696,544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Loss before provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(10,197,374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(10,197,374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;As described&#13;in Note 8, BRHC was dissolved in October of 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;BRAC&amp;#8217;s&#13;IPO&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The registration&#13;statement for the BRAC&amp;#8217;s IPO was declared effective on October 4, 2017. The registration statement was initially declared&#13;effective for 10,000,000 units (&amp;#8220;Units&amp;#8221; and, with respect to the common stock included in the Units being offered,&#13;the &amp;#8220;Public Shares&amp;#8221;), but the offering was increased to 12,000,000 Units pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities&#13;Act of 1933, as amended. On October 10, 2017, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 12,000,000 units, generating&#13;gross proceeds of $120,000,000.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Simultaneous&#13;with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, BRAC sold 400,000 units (the &amp;#8220;Placement Units&amp;#8221;) at a price of $10.00&#13;per Unit in a private placement to BROG, generating gross proceeds of $4,000,000. BROG&amp;#8217;s investment in BRAC&amp;#8217;s common&#13;stock is eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Transaction&#13;costs relating to the IPO amounted to $2,882,226, consisting of $2,400,000 of underwriting fees and $482,226 of other costs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Following&#13;the closing of the IPO on October 10, 2017, an amount of $120,600,000 ($10.05 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the&#13;Units in the IPO and the Placement Units was placed in a trust account (&amp;#8220;Trust Account&amp;#8221;) and is invested in U.S. government&#13;securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the &amp;#8220;Investment&#13;Company Act&amp;#8221;), with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money&#13;market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment&#13;Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution&#13;of the Trust Account, as described below.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;On October&#13;18, 2017, in connection with the underwriters&amp;#8217; exercise of their over-allotment option in full, BRAC sold an additional&#13;1,800,000 Units and the sale of an additional 45,000 Placement Units to BROG at $10.00 per Unit, generating total proceeds of&#13;$18,450,000. Transaction costs for underwriting fees on the sale of the over-allotment units were $360,000. Following the closing,&#13;an additional $18,090,000 of the net proceeds ($10.05 per Unit) was placed in the Trust Account, bringing the total aggregate&#13;proceeds held in the Trust Account to $138,690,000 ($10.05 per Unit). BROG&amp;#8217;s investment in BRAC&amp;#8217;s common stock is&#13;eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;BRAC&amp;#8217;s&#13;management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and private placement,&#13;although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination.&#13;There is no assurance that the BRAC will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. Upon the closing of the IPO,&#13;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10.05 &lt;font style=color: black&gt;per Unit sold in the IPO, including some of the proceeds&#13;of the Private Placements was deposited in a trust account (&amp;#8220;Trust Account&amp;#8221;) to be held until the earlier of (i) the&#13;consummation of its initial Business Combination or (ii) BRAC&amp;#8217;s failure to consummate a Business Combination within 21 months&#13;from the consummation of the IPO (the &amp;#8220;Combination Period&amp;#8221;). Placing funds in the Trust Account may not protect those&#13;funds from third party claims against BRAC. Although BRAC will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target&#13;businesses or other entities it engages, execute agreements with BRAC waiving any claim of any kind in or to any monies held in&#13;the Trust Account, there is no guarantee that such persons will execute such agreements. The Trust Account is maintained by a&#13;third party trustee. The remaining net proceeds (not held in the Trust Account) may be used to pay for business, legal and accounting&#13;due diligence on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses. Additionally, the interest earned&#13;on the Trust Account balance may be released to BRAC for any amounts that are necessary to pay BRAC&amp;#8217;s income and other tax&#13;obligations and up to $50,000 that may be used to pay for the costs of liquidating BRAC. BROG has agreed that it will be liable&#13;to ensure that the proceeds in the Trust Account are not reduced below $10.05 per share by the claims of target businesses or&#13;claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by BRAC for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to BRAC,&#13;but there is no assurance that BROG will be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations if it is required to do so. Additionally,&#13;the agreement entered into by BROG specifically provides for two exceptions to the indemnity it has given: it will have no liability&#13;(1) as to any claimed amounts owed to a target business or vendor or other entity who has executed an agreement with BRAC waiving&#13;any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the Trust Account, or (2) as to any&#13;claims for indemnification by the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities&#13;Act of 1933, as amended.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Initial&#13;Business Combination&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Pursuant&#13;to the Nasdaq Capital Markets listing rules, BRAC&amp;#8217;s initial Business Combination must be with a target business or businesses&#13;whose collective fair market value is at least equal to 80% of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of the execution of&#13;a definitive agreement for such Business Combination, although this may entail simultaneous acquisitions of several target businesses.&#13;The fair market value of the target will be determined by BRAC&amp;#8217;s board of directors based upon one or more standards generally&#13;accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). The target business&#13;or businesses that BRAC acquires may have a collective fair market value substantially in excess of 80% of the Trust Account balance.&#13;In order to consummate such a Business Combination, BRAC may issue a significant amount of its debt or equity securities to the&#13;sellers of such business and/or seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities. If BRAC&amp;#8217;s&#13;securities are not listed on NASDAQ after the IPO, BRAC would not be required to satisfy the 80% requirement. However, BRAC intends&#13;to satisfy the 80% requirement even if BRAC&amp;#8217;s securities are not listed on NASDAQ at the time of the initial Business Combination.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;BRAC&#13;will provide the public stockholders, who are the holders of the common stock which was sold as part of the Units in the IPO,&#13;whether they are purchased in the IPO or in the aftermarket, or &amp;#8220;Public Shares&amp;#8221;, including BROG to the extent that&#13;it purchases such Public Shares (&amp;#8220;Public Stockholders&amp;#8221;), with an opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public&#13;Shares of BRAC&amp;#8217;s Common stock, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or if BRAC conducts&#13;a tender offer, upon the completion of the initial Business Combination either (1) in connection with a stockholder meeting called&#13;to approve the Business Combination, or (ii) by means of a tender offer, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate&#13;amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest (net of franchise and income taxes payable, divided by the number&#13;of then outstanding Public Shares. The amount in the Trust Account, net of franchise and income taxes payable, currently amounts&#13;to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$10.06 per &lt;font style=color: black&gt;Public Share. The common stock subject to redemption&#13;will be recorded at a redemption value and classified a temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO, in accordance with Accounting&#13;Standards Codification (&amp;#8220;ASC&amp;#8221;) Topic 480 &amp;#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&amp;#8221;. BRAC will proceed with&#13;a Business Combination only if BRAC has net tangible assets of at &lt;/font&gt;least $5,000,001 &lt;font style=color: black&gt;upon such&#13;consummation of a Business Combination and in the case of a stockholder vote, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted&#13;in favor of the Business Combination. The decision as to whether BRAC will seek stockholder approval of a proposed Business Combination&#13;or conduct a tender offer will be made by BRAC, solely in its discretion, based on a variety of factors such as the timing of&#13;the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require it to seek stockholder approval under the law&#13;or stock exchange listing requirement. If a stockholder vote is not required and BRAC decides not to hold a stockholder vote for&#13;business or other legal reasons, BRAC will, pursuant to the proposed amended and restated certificate of incorporation, (i) conduct&#13;the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and (ii) file&#13;tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing the initial Business Combination which contain substantially the same&#13;financial and other information about the initial Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation&#13;14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;BROG&#13;has agreed to vote its Founder Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of the initial Business&#13;Combination, and BRAC&amp;#8217;s executive officers and directors have also agreed to vote any Public Shares purchased during or&#13;after the IPO in favor of the Initial Business &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Combination. BROG entered into a letter agreement,&#13;pursuant to which it agreed to waive its redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares, shares included in the Placement&#13;Units and Public Shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination. In addition, BROG has agreed to&#13;waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares and shares included in&#13;the Placement Units if BRAC fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. However, if BROG&#13;(or any of BRAC&amp;#8217;s executive officers, directors or affiliates) acquires Public Shares in or after the IPO, it will be entitled&#13;to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares in the event BRAC does not complete the&#13;initial Business Combination within such applicable time period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Failure&#13;to Consummate a Business Combination&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;If BRAC is&#13;unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, BRAC must: (i) cease all operations except&#13;for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem&#13;the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account,&#13;including interest (which interest shall be net of franchise and income taxes payable divided by the number of then outstanding&#13;Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders&amp;#8217; rights as stockholders (including the right&#13;to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible&#13;following such redemption, subject to the approval of BRAC&amp;#8217;s remaining stockholders and BRAC&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors,&#13;dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to BRAC&amp;#8217;s obligations under Delaware law to provide&#13;for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Consolidation&#13;of BRAC and Non-controlling Interest&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;has determined that BRAC, following its IPO, is a variable interest entity (&amp;#8220;VIE&amp;#8221;) and that the Company is the primary&#13;beneficiary of the VIE. The Company determined that, due to the redemption feature associated with the IPO shares, that the IPO&#13;shareholders are indirectly protected from the operating expenses of BRAC and BROG has the power to direct the activities of BRAC&#13;through the date at which BRAC affords the stockholders the opportunity to vote to approve a proposed business combination. Therefore,&#13;these consolidated financial statements contain the operations of the BRAC from its inception on May 9, 2017. BRAC&amp;#8217;s IPO&#13;shareholders are reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements as a redeemable non-controlling interest. The non-controlling&#13;interest was recorded at fair value on October 10, 2017, with an addition on October 18, 2017 as a result of the underwriters&amp;#8217;&#13;exercise of their over-allotment option. The net earnings attributable to the IPO shareholders are subtracted from the net loss&#13;for the year ended December 31, 2017 to arrive at the net loss attributable to the Company and the non-controlling interest on&#13;the balance sheet was adjusted to include the net earnings attributable to the IPO shareholders.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Intercompany&#13;transactions and eliminations&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;BROG is paid&#13;a management fee by BRAC of $10,000 per month as part of an administrative services agreement, which commenced October 5, 2017,&#13;for general and administrative services including the cost of office space and personnel dedicated to BRAC. BROG is reimbursed&#13;for any out-of-pocket expenses, particularly travel, incurred in connection with activities on BRAC&amp;#8217;s behalf, including&#13;but not limited to identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There&#13;is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by BRAC. BRAC paid a total of $28,710 to BROG for&#13;such services during the year ended December 31, 2017. The management services income of BROG and the management services expense&#13;of BRAC as well as any balances due between the companies for such services or reimbursements were eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Average risk-free interest rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;None granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2.06%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Average expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;None granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=14 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;BROG&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;BRAC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Combined&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;35.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;30.8%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;39.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;35.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;State income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6.8%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3.3%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Effect of statutory rate change on deferred taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;38.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;80.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.7%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Effect of 2018 federal rate change on deferred taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1469.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(3092.1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.3%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.7%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1392.7%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2926.8%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(40.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;We account&#13;for income taxes under the provisions of ASC Topic 740, &lt;i&gt;Income taxes, &lt;/i&gt;which provides for an asset and liability approach&#13;for income taxes. Under this approach, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences,&#13;using currently enacted tax laws, attributable to temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities&#13;for financial reporting purposes and the amounts calculated for income tax purposes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;will not consolidate income tax returns for BROG and BRAC. For the year ended December 31, 2017 the impact of both returns are&#13;combined in the presentation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Our provision&#13;for income taxes for the years ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2017 and&amp;#160;2016 consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Current taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;85,722&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Deferred taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(18,678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net income tax provision (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;67,044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The effective&#13;income tax rate for the years ended December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2017 and&amp;#160;2016 consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=14 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;BROG&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;BRAC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Combined&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;35.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;30.8%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;39.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;35.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;State income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3.6%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6.8%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3.3%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Effect of statutory rate change on deferred taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;38.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;80.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.7%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Effect of 2018 federal rate change on deferred taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1469.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(3092.1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.3%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.7%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1392.7%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2926.8%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(40.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net effective income tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;41.8%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(46.1%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The 2017&#13;combined reconciliation above is a weighted average of the two separate taxable entities. As one entity has a loss and the other&#13;has income, the weighted average produces results that are skewed higher or lower than the individual components, as such we have&#13;presented the individual entity reconciliations. BROG&amp;#8217;s state income tax rate as of December 31, 2017 increased by 0.3%&#13;from 3.3% as of December 31, 2016, to 3.6%. This increase in the effective tax rate is attributable to changes in the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;state apportionment factors in the current year. BRAC&amp;#8217;s state income tax rate was 6.8% due as all of its income and expenses&#13;were from Minnesota, which has a higher tax rate.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The components&#13;of the deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2017 and 2016 are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 13.5pt; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Deferred tax&#13;    assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Federal and state net operating loss carryovers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6,712,288&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9,025,553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Stock compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,947,147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2,715,486&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Unrealized marketable equity securities held in trust account&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;18,678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Reorganization costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;34,001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;51,258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8,712,615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11,792,297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Deferred tax&#13;    liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(3,731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total deferred liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(3,731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8,712,615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11,788,566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(8,693,937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(11,788,566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Deferred tax assets (liabilities)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;18,678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;As of December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2017,&#13;BROG has a net operating loss carryover of approximately $26,449,110. Under existing Federal law, the net operating loss may be&#13;utilized to offset taxable income through the year ended December&amp;#160;31, 2035. A portion of the net operating loss carryover&#13;begins to expire in 2030.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;ASC Topic&#13;740 provides that a valuation allowance is recognized if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not&#13;that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. In 2017, BROG decreased its valuation allowance from&#13;$11,788,566 to $8,693,937 to adjust for the decrease in net deferred tax assets primarily due to the reduction in the federal&#13;tax rate to 21% in 2018. The Company believes it is more likely than not that the benefit of these remaining assets will not be&#13;realized by BROG. The Company did not place a valuation allowance on deferred tax asset for BRAC related to the unrealized loss&#13;on marketable securities held in trust account. The Company believes it is more likely than not that the benefit of these remaining&#13;assets will be realized by BRAC.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The&#13;Company files annual US Federal income tax returns and annual income tax returns for the states of Minnesota, North Dakota and&#13;Montana. We are not subject to income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2013 for all returns. Income taxing&#13;authorities have conducted no formal examinations of our past federal or state income tax returns and supporting records.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Current taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;85,722&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Deferred taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(18,678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 13.5pt; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Deferred tax&#13;    assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Federal and state net operating loss carryovers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6,712,288&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9,025,553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Stock compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,947,147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2,715,486&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Unrealized marketable equity securities held in trust account&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;18,678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Reorganization costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;34,001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;51,258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8,712,615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11,792,297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Deferred tax&#13;    liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(3,731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total deferred liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(3,731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8,712,615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11,788,566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(8,693,937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(11,788,566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255


    <link:calculationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://blackridgeoil.com/role/InvestmentInBlackRidgeHoldingCompanyLlc xlink:title=00000015 - Disclosure - 9. Investment in Black Ridge Holding Company

    <link:calculationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://blackridgeoil.com/role/BracsIpoConsolidationOfBracAndNon-controllingInterestDetailsNarrative xlink:title=00000050 - Disclosure - 6. BRAC's IPO

    <link:calculationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://blackridgeoil.com/role/InvestmentInBlackRidgeHoldingCompanyLlcDetailsNarrative xlink:title=00000053 - Disclosure - 9. Investment in Black Ridge Holding Company

    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://blackridgeoil.com/role/BracsIpoConsolidationOfBracAndNon-controllingInterest xlink:title=00000012 - Disclosure - 6. BRAC's IPO

    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://blackridgeoil.com/role/InvestmentInBlackRidgeHoldingCompanyLlc xlink:title=00000015 - Disclosure - 9. Investment in Black Ridge Holding Company

    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://blackridgeoil.com/role/BracsIpoConsolidationOfBracAndNon-controllingInterestDetailsNarrative xlink:title=00000050 - Disclosure - 6. BRAC's IPO

    <link:definitionLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://blackridgeoil.com/role/InvestmentInBlackRidgeHoldingCompanyLlcDetailsNarrative xlink:title=00000053 - Disclosure - 9. Investment in Black Ridge Holding Company

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://blackridgeoil.com/role/BracsIpoConsolidationOfBracAndNon-controllingInterest xlink:title=00000012 - Disclosure - 6. BRAC's IPO

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://blackridgeoil.com/role/InvestmentInBlackRidgeHoldingCompanyLlc xlink:title=00000015 - Disclosure - 9. Investment in Black Ridge Holding Company

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://blackridgeoil.com/role/BracsIpoConsolidationOfBracAndNon-controllingInterestDetailsNarrative xlink:title=00000050 - Disclosure - 6. BRAC's IPO

    <link:presentationLink xlink:type=extended xlink:role=http://blackridgeoil.com/role/InvestmentInBlackRidgeHoldingCompanyLlcDetailsNarrative xlink:title=00000053 - Disclosure - 9. Investment in Black Ridge Holding Company
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromAffiliateCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldInTrustNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedIncomeTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestEquityCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ManagementFeesRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LaborAndRelatedExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfessionalFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnRestructuringOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketableSecuritiesUnrealizedGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsRequisiteServicePeriodRecognition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsRequisiteServicePeriodRecognition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_CommonStockSoldInPrivatePlacementShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_CommonStockSoldInPrivatePlacementValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ChangeInOwnershipOfSubsidiaryResultingFromSubsidiaryInitialPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnRestructuringOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketableSecuritiesUnrealizedGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseDueFromAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedTaxesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfInterestInSubsidiariesAndAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOilAndGasPropertyAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinessesAndInterestsInAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_AdjustmentToAdditionalPaidinCapitalToReflectRedeemableNonoperatedInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfAssetsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_TransferOfNetLiabilitiesToBlackRidgeHoldingCompanyLlcInRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_NetChangeInAccountsPayableForPurchaseOfOilAndGasProperties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_CapitalizedAssetRetirementCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
238

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubstantialDoubtAboutGoingConcernTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_RightsOfferingAndFormationOfBlackRidgeAcquisitionCorp.Abstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_RightsOfferingAndFormationOfBlackRidgeAcquisitionCorpTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsAllOtherInvestmentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostMethodInvestmentsDescriptionTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasExplorationAndProductionIndustriesDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasPropertiesTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeasesDisclosuresTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsNoteDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_WarrantDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_BracRightsAndWarrantsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238




<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
238

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EnvironmentalCostExpensePolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_CashInExcessOfFdicAndInsuredLimitsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchDevelopmentAndComputerSoftwarePolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationsPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FullCostMethodUsingGrossRevenueMethodPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxUncertaintiesPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInvestmentsInAndAdvancesToAffiliatesScheduleOfInvestmentsTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: top; background-color: rgb(204
238

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCostMethodInvestmentsTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfWeightedAverageNumberOfSharesTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasExplorationAndProductionIndustriesDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfProductiveWellsTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedCostsRelatingToOilAndGasProducingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssetRetirementObligationsTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeAndInterestExpenseDisclosureTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGrantDateIntrinsicValueTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAndExercisableTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsNoteDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityNoteWarrantsOrRightsTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=BROG_EquityRaiseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_UnitsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedCostsOfUnprovedPropertiesExcludedFromAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedCostsOfUnprovedPropertiesExcludedFromAmortizationByPropertyOrProjectAxis=BROG_CertainPayrollAndOtherInternalCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedCostsOfUnprovedPropertiesExcludedFromAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedCostsOfUnprovedPropertiesExcludedFromAmortizationByPropertyOrProjectAxis=BROG_InterestCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedCostsOfUnprovedPropertiesExcludedFromAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_PotentiallyDilutiveCommonSharesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToCallOptionsAndWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldInTrustNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashUninsuredAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnamortizedDebtIssuanceExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfOilAndGasProperties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=BROG_NonOilGasPropertyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=BROG_WebsiteDevelopmentCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsCashAndCashEquivalentsAxis=us-gaap_CashMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldInTrustNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsCashAndCashEquivalentsAxis=BROG_MarketableSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldInTrustNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_WorkingCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfOilAndGasProperties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis=us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationIncomeStatementDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOilAndGasSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationGainOnSettledDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_DiscontinuedItemsGainLossOnMarkToMarketDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationProductionExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationProductionTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationDepletionOfOilAndGasProperties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfOilAndGasProperties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_AccretionOfDiscountOnAssetRetirementObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOperatingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationInterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationTaxEffectOfDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnRestructuringOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=BROG_BlackRidgeHoldingCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnRestructuringOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_WarrantsIssuedShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=BROG_BracMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributionsFromAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=BROG_WarrantsToRelatedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=BROG_OfficersAndDirectorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_WarrantsIssuedShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CounterpartyNameAxis=BROG_NonRelatedPartiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TransactionTypeAxis=BROG_RightsOfferingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TransactionTypeAxis=BROG_RightsOfferingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TransactionTypeAxis=BROG_BackstopAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_WarrantsIssuedShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ChangeInOwnershipOfSubsidiaryResultingFromSubsidiaryInitialPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=BROG_ManagementFeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpensesRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentTypeAxis=BROG_MarketableSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldInTrustCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=BROG_BracMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ChangeInOwnershipOfSubsidiaryResultingFromSubsidiaryInitialPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=BROG_BracMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PartnersCapitalAccountUnitsSoldInPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=BROG_BracMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=BROG_BracMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=BROG_BracMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PartnersCapitalAccountUnitsSoldInPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=BROG_BracMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PartnersCapitalAccountUnitsSoldInPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=BROG_BracMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PartnersCapitalAccountUnitsSoldInPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidInsurance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_PrepaidEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeaseExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_WarrantsIssuedShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=BROG_OfficersAndDirectorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_WarrantsIssuedShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfInterestInSubsidiariesAndAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TransactionTypeAxis=BROG_CashReceivedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfInterestInSubsidiariesAndAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TransactionTypeAxis=BROG_CashAndReceivablesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfInterestInSubsidiariesAndAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepletionOfOilAndGasProperties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_BookValueOfAssetSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfOilAndGasProperties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductiveOilWellsNumberOfWellsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ProductiveOilWellsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=stpr_ND'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductiveOilWellsNumberOfWellsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ProductiveOilWellsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=stpr_MT'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductiveOilWellsNumberOfWellsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ProductiveOilWellsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasExplorationAndProductionIndustriesDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOilAndGasProperty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ExplorationCostsCumulativePriorToDisposition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExplorationCostsCumulative'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsIncurredAssetRetirementObligationIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsIncurredAcquisitionOfOilAndGasProperties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GasAndOilAreaUndevelopedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfOilAndGasPropertyAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_GasAndOilAreaDivested'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis=BROG_DebtRestructuringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfOilAndGasPropertyAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_LiabilitiesIncurredForNewWellsPlacedInProduction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationAccretionExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_LiabilityRelievedInDebtRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis=BROG_DebtRestructuringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_DerivativeContractsTransferred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=BROG_CrudeOilFixedPriceSwapMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=BROG_CrudeOilCollarsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldInTrust'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetAssetLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetAssetLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetAssetLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfExpenseAxis=BROG_RevolvingCreditFacilitiesInterestMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfExpenseAxis=BROG_InterestAndCommitmentFeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfExpenseAxis=BROG_CapitalizedInterestMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_LineOfCreditBalanceTransferred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_LineOfCreditBalanceTransferred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_AccruedInterestTransferredToBrhc'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=BROG_PromissoryNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentIssuanceDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestAndDebtExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoanProcessingFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BankLoans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TransactionTypeAxis=BROG_RightsAndBackstopMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=BROG_RightsOfferingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardDateAxis=BROG_Grants2016Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGranted11Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGranted12Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGranted13Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGranted14Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGranted15Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGranted16aMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGranted17Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGranted18Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGranted19Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGranted20Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGranted21Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGranted22Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=BROG_OptionGranted23aMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsGrantDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsRecipient'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OptionsStrikePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsCallValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_StockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityStrikePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsExpirations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_WarrantsExercisableShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOtherThanOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_WarrantsIssuedShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityStrikePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsExpirations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityStrikePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsExpirations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityStrikePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsExpirations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TransactionTypeAxis=BROG_BackstopAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_WarrantsIssuedShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareholdersEquityClassAxis=BROG_UnitPurchaseOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_FairValueOfUnitPurchaseOption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_FairValueOfUnitPurchaseOptionPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=BROG_BracMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_UnitsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockDescriptionOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=BROG_BrogMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_UnitsBought'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=BROG_BracMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=BROG_BrogMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsUnrealizedLossesOnAvailableforSaleSecuritiesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsRestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationDate'



$%     @ JX*
R$Y&&2;UI:.G#@8K;.QF;+4UBQ-C:R1]^SE9
MFS*V!]C1TN]/GT-=+T$9]C'S2PW0W^K9+TH0U.Q$%9#,;U.94YTN7GH

XP:P!;
M]-A1 E$*8&J:&
YCV\ -


M$P   'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6SM6EMSVC@4?N^OT'AG]FT+QC:!MK03
X%<R)!%!,!FGK_# J5
7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S

YV?/;$[9^
RMIT-&T:









M2^JVE+ZU)CA*]+'







N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2
M)1(4BK 


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%


+$CN'MB[\!
&UL?5;;CML@%/P5RQ^P&'R+HR12+JI:J96BK;I])@E)K+6-R39


+5PH[MQ6K!;ZHJ&[87@;S5-15_-ZSB

MO)3L(4?MP*1RX/S5=+Z=EF%D9L0J=E0F!-6O.]NRJC*1]#S^]$'#0=
0Q^WW



\3O?I'
V@7VW[3RR/UZ'T5+=#=A.D1

M[O.Q(P% PQ R5F/M_9+1L 
K%=EB\/FI(P% 
E@1[#M(C][AH/P
PF

ME:W^ 5!+ P04     K@HQ

M='

MV1YJ?^P.S7'6^MTB^0

M^EWY4O7?F_.??NJ02693[[_Z5U^%^$ 2SK%IJF[\.]N\='U33ZT$E+K\=?D]
M'



TE8FYI
M+ !!X:'(H!H1PW 
33 
.X-U#G+P5/.N@)E%BNR6,YB(OE0^)L[@@+3T7&

M/\(D2PZ0


Y=MEE$0(WH:8F!*ZX(K=LC@HBU$5T
M@&410L%Q'
4I^-



MAYN0+K+%J




M/65OO




MP@0?A J!Y'#%6TR(BB0Y_HQ!_2FG
L[G']&_Z.)E
7O$\9:2W_515!M_Y7M'
M?$(7(EYH_Q6/!26^-U;_'5\QD7)%(G

M)
E&F]L0CH9P
@3Q34


BU/YH#A&Z_9'3
M'VE_//='1A&#)-.25DO@$X1&J=M[J@5+[&2);9;88!DDR2R+_-OICX'S@'!!
ME#B)$ILH

Z5V&6XH%0^9DR&R&S&#('CHE]U0+
MEI63966SK R6E55M MW'Y!'E@BEW
N4V4VXPY5:F.
NS/
\MIO\KW4BR%3BO

EXEF^BT


V/=\G2;,[A#)O[JIS.,5?GJNZS-MX6[\DS;D.^;X/
M*HL$E;))F1]/\_6R;WNLU\OJM2V.I_!8SYK7LLSK?S:AJZK.<Q_-'PYOAS:
MKB%9+\_Y2_@CM%_/CW6\2ZZ][(]E.#7'ZC2KP_-J_@#W6]T'](H_C^'2W%S/

M^9C





A 4]^
I$10;25MG#:GB5M 9Y5/K)AQ-( J8






1*:L@F'H0H Q4Y4#T%*@J8M)DR=*D+


F01@YI3R&- J3!*659J?XWIE'&-')


YP3_9[7+\=3
WNJVK8J^W.(YZIJ0S2I[F*Y#B'?

$%     @ JX*
3*)I?IR1
;Y7X,?9E
M5G?_%_O7NBGSP8N7DB<_^VM:=-?+X/_=##=@@P$;#?K@S!KPP8#_;\O&HC!
M0(P&3%\UD(.!' W$]3FHP4#=*DD/!GHTX+)+8!_=+EV/29.LEU5Y651]Q9V3
MMK#IO?8%L6]?=OGO?O
9J_W;MS4E=!F_M8X&YJ%GV(1A4V:#
7S*/&*
F#)?
M
&U&$ ]AA073$M!8:9\$X)9355(.];A.2$:ZX5F
3N

**84K.?MI]A$CD3ER$.!67Z50;#,&N%-'!=;&\
M)XH4JD@A 8*K77U:U%QO:@UJD4C6D 6'O2G11T26%'K0#$7EC!83Y\(X+

MS@!W3X3CBBHAPQ2&Y!V75'!C#$QBB%))B(1?D#L

-/QUTW_#'LFR<=TN^^#R<_-%T?


V$$5_Q?[U^+,D)2)


MAWN?=K?7[4NW7FV;3[O)_F6SJ7?_+9IU^WHS==/O-_Y8/3YU_8WY[?5S_=C\


0? KF


^_]A6-

ME#D_&3HYVSM!VW%V4$4GVHI5Y:Q BGUT!+I&SX-1=-J*CU)ZI]U87: 0BLPH
M=AA[CFWO:&R-FO.IZ3VS'LI F.L@S%!G(5I6VHW8N*72 WX)9#DO&)_.\M.1



'PP_LO 3_;#)
FWFR:0 0.:DJG+]@\E'
MEGQ.M[0@2[321S+)Y[O!1QA\9

M&2 00-F H1S7(:J2!\=FM7F1B-&(5D4.L-LHQ+Z6WR%+6==\.0
0P99)2L

M\1KT4)MWE5E) [R!BM?(N9H!J2=$@/[(I/W,&8K [:*9BL#9&9[6B3
5](
M!FB





EE\

MVS 






MESES!D/VN01?*W'@_\'Y.GRWJG 7X;M/G?K!,DJ01()DD\$R56+:SFW5T78
M8J8*;!VWR9']#IN\B(Z+^P#CW?RD3YN^T]AZU8[



=G$FH9(+XDLPOE8YW01!(*%T@8'[[0KW(&4@
M\C)^3YQT3AF R_


$%     @ JX*
3+PJ@;VR 0
MT@


?:E1+95

R[_ %!+ P04     K@HQ




M6^^[ V.N;$%Q=V4ZT'A3&ZNX1]





MCM)(%U=2]LX;-;&@%
5?QUWHN _C3;J?8.N 9 (D







M;
8Q&PV'W?2#V/R-B[]02P
$%     @ JX*
3-Q8!8^V 0  T@
  !D   !X

MGQBS90M:V#OLH?
W-1HMG#=-PVQO0%21I!7CN]V!:2$[6F31=S%%AH-3LH.+


6@W!..GV&NYP

F/D:)

NN[B/T\WA
-.V7PF\(5PC''8%AF_E$X460&1V*F



M
9L




;J[A'TS;








M6J5J^LS:XXLC MXG?Y] 3NNF_H%F&'.F3/#D(UH7FP+X,BKDMKFM'6N/S)F
MRQ:4L#?8@_8W-1HEG#=-PVQO0%01I3C2?*!*=%I6F31=S9%AH.3G8:S(790

R==4@;@^OS&

LR\I^%:*$_\/SK?A









M-_D7/D[[HSU;TYH_
O&_M?(3KP4C8W?H0:_\%F0T'EPO&3/YMQS$;#83?]
':3


M^
69Q$JNUCY'XW.5TTU


MFS(Z4RO2'2;OT7LKMN_O
W:+0A/F/&+X$C

MOEO0=\=U_GZ5OT_\_3\5'MY4N(9Y&X0M6JK!-6F8/EM;](@+[SSO#[P]1_




R5+6CA[DP/'=[4




+$_X/S;?A^4^$^PO=O%*;;
M!.DF01H)TC<$AW<E;L7<OTO5CW58)LX38Z49NCB)*^\R\ ^\O@F_\*G:?\F

M965T






5_@RLH# ]*
$=IE(LK*0?GC9Y94(H6+]
N
MN[B/T\WM889M _@
X O@$/.P*5%4_DEX4636C


MV$9VCER


M2P
$%     @ JX*

M965T

MI?OW

H
^8TH5?'



M

 &!!VV/2LV?4%U\20Y[OY^

P)IAHPF],WQW-:-
M#PZ6IYVHX0?XG]W9HL5FEK)5H%UK-+%09?0^.9YV(3X&_&IA<(LS95<C'D)

/)W6_HF
MHP=*2JA$+_VS&;[ 5



$96Q'O4+Q#



M

L/C-FR!2WL%?;0^9L:C1;.FZ9A




MI():#

]LW@I6KQ.N^SB/DXW

!];\K@C*V(=UZ\]=Y+
MP=//&;L$HCGF.
7P54RZ1##/OJ3@6RF._#\XWX;O-A7N(GRWAO-DFV_2;/

C
N

XB2H$*= )MV_7R!I


MM!


D)\248/\J
8Z



8S8:#KOI!['Y&^?_ 5!+ P04
M K@HQ















MC&\V-TR)5M


3
M^-_=R:+%9I:R5:!=:S2Q4&7T;GLX[D)\#/C3PN 69Q(J.1OS'(P?948W01!(

M1S
\P%3/-253\3_A A+#@Q+


MHBGF.



M;]P@#/TKB!]0$B[=NE

M\[

MW(T9H


M&
X6+;:RU%)#[Z3IB86FH/?I\92%^!CP)&%RFS
)E5R

MO@+N8AXV)XK*/PHORMR:B=BY]X









MJ9Y+2J;B'^ 

MN(EYV)@H*O\NG
A3@P





/'\)V+Q[[\Z^










*


M

ML.M9&?UBN..YY[G#=Z2C5*^Z 3#H3?!.9[@QIC\0HHL&!-

QTR?G

MP2Y(L/



V][:O9H&9C*




_N*0#FA?;
M #CRJE5K




M6[14@ZGC
/!G,T[9:#CLI@_$YE^<_P-02P,$%     @ JX*,3'6WQ'BZ
M 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T



NF<</L-4SRTE
M4_%?X0K2PT


:
7R!


T65)@K^
D+[SSP-[S^;_X..T?Q.F;K4E%W3^96/_*T0'/I7D
MQH]0XS_8;$BH7#CN_=F,8S8:#KOI!['Y&^=_ 5!+ P04     K@HQ,IDG




[\V\81CS

8





G485IH*=;A8<X?Q_E[P-__T^%]*[&:-)\FB

$%
M  @ JX*

S0N

M&5\


':FB1*3DB-=U]3UV+XT-B[Z9T3G\5_LPFKZWW
M4J31;48N3FC&'=,LL+$X)8]25$$@IQ3/ZC)V%Z&LPP]?1T38^BL
 F*+#Q

MCRE9_A7%'U!+ P04     K@HQ

M:&5E='


6@L;5U2/UFFY
MJ/A4)'N;=Z[B/LTWMU?:/H$N!+H2[B*!S(%BYH_

M4P=G;$6\\\E;[[U469H6Y!*$%LQQQM -YAU!O/H:@NZ%.-+_Z'2?GNUFF$5Z
MMJ4G^;Y OBN01X'\GQ+IAQ+W
-F'(&334PFFB]-D4:U'%2=YXUT']I[&-WF'

V&T\/R@\CZ

M]CKM7
5]G&[VAYFV3: S@2Z$0XQ#ID Q\Z_



M[3^9:;FRZ**=?]G8_T9K!SZ5Y

XW99#C=SS^(+-^X
M_ =02P
$%     @ JX*
3 U6G-RW 0  T@


A#7YU?UC[%V7\N%6WA



F;+%K2P=]A#YV]J
M-%HX;YJ&V=Z J)(*\:3Y,TD!TMLN@[FR+#P2G9P=D0.V@MS.\3*!QSFM*;
MXT4VK0L.5F2]:. ;N._]V7B++2R5U-!9B1TQ4.?T

-K5F81*

M P04     K@HQ


M970S.2YX;6QM5.N.G 4?A7 RP..N-THB8[VS1MTB:3;=K^9O1XR8)88
;M

YP(T64+@ND'.4!O5VJI!#
V

O*5?V2&%9F2(U+3W@_

ML\5KF[T7
K^DT0LD

A;)(&3=+W
M G&T





M+QKX#OY'?[9HL46EDAHZ)TU'+-0YO=\?3VG 1\!/:-;G4FHY&+,2S^5#G=

3U^5W]

M+0;EG\WX!'
]GRB9B_\*5U (#YE@C-(H%U=2#LX;/:M@*EJ\3;OLXCY.-^G=
M3-LF\)G %\(AQF%3H)CY9^%%D5DS$COUOA?AB?='CKTI@S.V(MYA\@Z]UR))


M$I


M_9W


BYX;6R-5=N.FS 0_17$!ZRQP5Q6!G9
MJFJE5HJV:OOL)$Y YC:3MC^?6W#4C9




MLQELR
P&3Q;(H$\4!*+8D(5[&(4P0 AJ#!U ] X@@@$B$  .A5D(
-=3:M

7
YM)EAH44W
MME T]?'B'U!+ P04     K@HQ

M:&5E='



M/(^PR-T\


O




[T5@WZM=D ITRTT+/A;MS+E!\6I\3M+UI]1]0
M2P
$%     @ JX*

L8LD30M'[H@+I9C_W0-A_<[U
MW5O@N:EJJ0
=Z6A 0**1FP&JYP@$(T41*QI^1TYU*ZL3Y_L;^V7A77DY8
MP(&1W\U9UCOWT77.4.(+D<^L_P*CGXWKC.:_P16(@FLEJD;!B#_3G$1DM&1




MW'?

33;
[
M_P=02P
$%     @ JX*
3(+




MHO1(0MD$05)*$#/!(:E

M\/9[67QD


M*9P)L\

MN9$))-A1
6I+)M( ?LA!@R1^8:( 4=$15;X30&RC+)SQ&/1$#ILCH1 K8
MS##@9F%/MYQJZ(=^]%N#83?#@)TQ-I$]B(

V4T!
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0V+GAM;(U4T8Z;,!#\%<0'G,'X!<!4I.H
M:J56BJYJ^^S $M#9F-I.N/Y];4



M





M@
CA(J

M8I+$? J

0!2W'JM



)Q8QD7-KBUS:4SV[5AG$41A.:#731 E&U4HRA

WLG<Y6:NNYB.[N,GPV0C-F[S#A
MA
/74

$%     @ JX*



\FT&BS'FSPR@8F
MBTA'GR20DEBCXX[O!3:N!8MI!48FP:Q_\BZ)9*8QV*36IK4V'HF$E$@(B716
MI\$FNY( %D.6T#HIJ9





%($
P*SIE/
MBR88/T(P$@0710Z0H._\I@E&@F#PO 20)A
I

IH^9G##_:8@TP4@1/#_.T#UW(08V?S-%5PUB
M([J#[:7[8O/K3*MV-7LU*_?H6DP9_-KW<</7?=;F.$CX'O9':JV#QZETNVK



MPS6XQ/:((+)&B.B16@4W^2SW+L8S(;T]J8#TF9 ($

2X0(H*


MK=+@/!(72.K=




CMVQ0]@^[Y_X7U+_8W)?=6JX$5HTSW:'F\G

$%     @
MJX*


MM*26H3 ($M32IO.+W(X=19'SJV)-!T?AR6O;4O%W#XP/.Q_[[P//S:569@ 5


MS@^
(6!P5D:!ZN8&!V#

LQFT
(A0C2!F87H=-%:/EDP<=9[!8@
M3@%B!:(/
? JQHA)+*8;8T2;S685Y1X5$1)&;C.1TTSD
+/:L?V(B1?+8)SB

MP
MNC)SC\J2;!.NS*#%-3#/T@\J+DTGO1-7^D;9_[[B7(%6#!YTLEJ_A'/!H%*F



M9U=)FPX.W!/7MB7\3PF4#3L_]%\#3\VEECJ BKPG%_@.\D=_X.J$)I93TT(G
M&M9Y'

M7^$&5

_IF
X']&H$#MP)VFL F/WYG(EEH6$QB,)W5
M2,(,NV5BITR\E@GBA8S%;&8R'SC9.4V:XDP<A
D3H+$T8IT\3V358UABK
8

H^W_?R\SAZ1-.DX4.FMV+%OC%

R9!


6OU$%D+P?M N(_5$?-/)NDFUF9H.V=
M?:?=2AV]E!CE170Q1 -FXS#I!).
B$BSCR527XE-.DM/WQ?8SA$H]E= 7A/(
MYN.I0+2X
2HALI#K-X)P7%;Z1O
7W
M2EEXI2QF4C!Z]!-D7H+LCK9F'B_+'#UB?Z&EM]!RKA1_8#7W$N1W*


$
M%     @ JX*
OL@90WEO+.IGZM5+]2%9U-!2^<1[Z/1*Q45+E2[%


?H%[ZB] 5FE7*IH5.-KSS!%2I_S$\Y;'!6\#/!@:YF'LFR97S
M5U-\+5
_
(: 0:&
 #3<.-$[U%P)NVO5]REXNVDHJVT]&T<





7E
X_!

_\*Q4+R?'A@TOW+9
M7U!+ P04     K@HQ

O


MDQ


MO9SM/5/)@?

Z4\I#7&^?XO^Q=:N




$
M%     @ JX*


M_()$SP&?#(D2% 5!ABAN.[\J3.S JX)=)6D[.'!/7G%_.\.!M*/_3? D_M

=M[NI(C
M8\_Z\.U4^H$V! 1JJ3-@M=Q@#X3H1


AF@AA]BDA'@GQ.R$QQ5MGIM0O6.*JX&SPN/U8/=;_
M1+B-53-K'32]
^]4M4)%;U62W!?HIA.-F)W%1#-
.&0RCY)1Z)7;2B1_\+

XB8L./Y_R-FY\X^8GA)_
FI




F0=D
[E2;&C5GIP.!L]3;7.VYG3;V(%D_
M#E(T3?/J'U!+ P04     K@HQ

*J;EO&!2!7R$Q83!]*8I('BP/


;2] .


!A4ZM,:I')[ 29E2![P(SLSHS8+I%;)?('
MK,COK/#<\/95\=4_I4?6#\)/_2B<(Y/J]S0_4<N8!$7HN:K<3DW)+:#02KU-
MU9XOLV()))O6,8BW65S]!U!+ P04     K@HQ,H(TN6PP  !Z!0  &0



0]

7H-08Z31^


AF_I$H

T:39.TV\T.!9@;3[



=)V?EG8V%&4!;\JVG9P%)Z\
M

M'G*#MX#G%@:YV'NFDA/G+^;P^;SS Y



QM$CGKB*Q _$X@7YF
F
1B.HL)W!:QTR)V


M#^P6R)T^7_T(K_K!8[C39Y&ZW:@Q7M@(YV=$BOXM?.CJU%=)Y.C_8!HC_P


V4\*-Y/XQ+-
M
[O\#5!+ P04     K@HQ


/-_


II\VVQTV\3;@




MG7T=)\X5Z$*B!]ULJ\??;% X*;

Q8=IOJ%YR-9_ 5!+ P04
M K@HQ


MW8Y-9\;![J3)&.8.P&

M$R!U2
4W4M



([
*GZ


BYX



4%-'.(ZSJ*%5&ZX69NU!K!;\).NJ90\BZ$]-0\7?-:OY91FB

WJJY2._?&4VH30,;/;?V9G5JZ5J#VVO.[-



M$1(I :
*#*K )CZ9J

YYEXD-

M/E87Z3E6%




M7X;5/U!+ P04     K@HQ

M='














M6TQA
0
Y1JA$A$B$'8D*$[4D@H3XYH
KQ:A2C@1G&$$HP^WXW5Z-G=&*
2


M_U!+ P04     K@HQ

X\BN3^SBLH'



D5'$2K97Q@35CRO;L+(TEK2./YW1L/=I
MB
/QJ_7/-G@=S(Y*MN'E[^*@SLLP#X


.L6


MD/=0(RVQ5TOL:HDG6EI(

M_

IINA PWSK-9#A#C.]\:[M06\0&IM[ R0PF




G&A52(GB8

A
(P#1S@(%1Y'!+5(@[#P $-0I/'.8J&-7%ZAT*C
M8C$0'!'!S)U-]E@U)[+S2)SNCO(]9\\H.EOBJ:G*O$.5Z5 MN\/P<$&J!*)

6 DCZ_RZ-H

9 P8!(VBR0@*

MADA50XX@% D$149#I)(A1Q)HB@,(W,ATJZ!^=(?[+?^PB*8GN!DCY'TB:
MAJ#(:(B4]3F4*3B


(E)@
MB9(^)Q*5!PF0Z*D-SNI)%)+CLF0B PY@5 DJ)8HGV%G,C:+)!J9R5Q

-G%)DO82*2.(Z@A,_Q,XJFX:=D+)24
M\3E^4*3B,!9*RGB30B02^D9R5A(<</B@02*D915N/.7Y&T63\5$R%BJB0

XK.OB$GB9]*G$!2PN?X&473\%
Q%BK*
M^!P_*%)Q& L59;Q)(1()_-2
A9JPD.

HLGXJ9D*-5$A

MPY-(Q6$LU%0KY/@AD9P2AD)-IQ%FYNTY92TM'[6P+U^Y_091=/H4S,5:DKX
MG#XH$G$:ID)#9]G$(H$?1JF0D-4R.F#(D&$AHG0T(YC3I]1-)D^#4.A(2B8

Q!(VJZ8Z@@A%Q


MDI91#CS3%QBE/))HDC2

LD)91J%*
4DY)

$LZ


MTJ&)TC#*VWT+8A28+36CA-?2D=DRR48$.
@C:1F%*L4H8:5T9).TC)5$AN
M3K@I'3DE+:./0&]RCAJ71DJK2,N]Q6SMAJG3HJC2
0I4

M5(#]#6 4N#$UHX09TY$;




MQ[\*X@/$!
)31):3M4F;5+4:=MKAUPJHVI[83NV\\VE#)R?1/;Y__=[^Z(


#FQ P
MJ+2-0
UR@T=@S 8R:;R.
?T):1WG^_?H3ZYV4\N1*G@4[$]STO7.SWSO!&=Z


M8!5$.&6#4C8(9;.@#)ID1OFD$S&*B!%$O$ 



0IBA9H 2-!FV=:6AT(#Y6DK/3O0U**HCA\
;G+

P$DA/7).U?\C
#D5.

M8/X
RF0@J; ]_'AF#F\!_SM8=*;/7*=G*5\<<'/NL1,P0,
M*N,8J%TN\ 

H7)\&+::^?O?)8G)E
81)PR*[H
@N

B1-O]][(6NF]*


J:-VTIFD#R


#HC[@'@(P-G-



3#L?_S9S




M)GN%YO8*]D4
&&/A^C0D\F!N:J8HL#%BP!D+UZ-[4?'!*::WS_H4!S9'#+AC
MX1IU+YH6(M0I%(V&F9K+@YW[VF KSHTR8\-H=9@M'V(S##GK:S-SVB'I/4TW


M3XBC(J=DL*C^6CV2?PKO

M.+[5,(WE2C]%=V_+K!=(P+77$PF@@4/YSSDZ4)C8D5IM-&DS-O(64-2SV
MX]CUS7)HYQP)2?*0G.R)@@,B2(%GXT)IH)39/$=1=VUJ@/#C8VHD-0N*%
MD'A5PA-=9GD'NI*3&(4DQC$) LQ)DRZD&+9&8AJ5%(NDH0+_V6Z8V#US)N
M(:Y$9$81V=I%NKA79797Q!H19%X0??1A1

V-A'W/R[@+I[ PTXXQ5T9BVN
M!7I2TX!9%3EW7#:3672:.$^J2_BI9Q$JG6^I]%C[#NBIZ9CUIYPT8!5FSP2

$%     @ JX*

M;]HP$



]L3%[0Q
M7B1*@U_[9]7JYZ5_D^?&##:(C$$T&*#LKD%L#.*K0:*3[\ETJI^QP

M]:?58?6C0 ^QW


M.G+

M%&E2Q'D*HZ0@2@J@Q!:*JTGM+4T=ED_Q/9@
A
D F




M#Q2



TE*Q(IH:I:J96BK=H^.XF3H 5
;2?9_GUM

_O!U


X'K]X

6+L9AD3@LXM#^8XIR4%N*23
M0!TF&\M=)#-YS\ H&9!W/%'L8AS%F:


MW70WE.]4G








P6#0 A/
$^RSQ+()G%
MF_0$/2 (K1Y#31#]1X#L!)&5(+(0A*LB#2;1F-X4F:99GF9VH=@J%%N$HI60
MP60+(;3+4[M*8E5)+JQG2U$J0;@C!&*YL&$R_[$6:^^MB5,JM29K&:K)1L
MF ?]R*TBN87@P6L+?/LM\T4^?H:^)N?2!3%CSL2/+AQP58KW%RY8--^H[62


3103IDJIJI5:*KNKUV2&;@

Y1$

#C!F5Z9
M?A+=5^C]9&'0F_\.-V &;I68'J5@ROT&Y55IP7L6(X735[_6C5L[?Y*M^[+E
-$$=O5X
MW &398)TD2!U!.F[6YB(W'D





MS^K
L^XP] Y#!D1DV(<4%*58TU$X?9]@
M,T8D,<Z0P*2-CY]5T3F%($PN:
#82982 J%I(!@Z@A!F)DC!&!2SXQD4$@&


$83R^G$$A








MY]_=D;




M!

U)F!

M()S

M
Y^*A/'GK %\5L6I'R'VZC*.RCC ?G4Q9T;*AE #*_9R0WQZ:[QWP7^E@V
M7?2DC#V!^W/RH)21UEUZ9Z
[V:O3-*GDP;@AMV

M2P
$%     @ JX*



<)=BN







M;5[]/\W7/I:[!OJE7 #%9M4SS&S1\;9_]L\U'/*ZK#;%ZCZYV62;;9W(HEHO





M]F&_R^]RF
P\V62_=?RZS9.[JEPFEBO\M5S

[V



Y?N


?L8O34_2
_C3V=EP]S2 \)+R+@%FEB]O@=NK#D//




 #EU


J@.H:Z1]]B=0E%6[GJUC1[#L=L;
\5

T7/]H:]O]
MW_/B_L'U JR1U@]O#
3)MWBSL!H;[


MTS



C-3\ CKID+A#U2NM1O.^^6O_%5


MN54/!/%ZN

MOC_KNMIBO+[^
O^Q0@^.%O2CF@P8_J\#)
W9;B^?]ZUE=W=@IP+9=VD5
O \

MZN


MD)#NI





%F3)^F)ZMB&%7$:80[+0<7<P0A/^6)1ZP]O

'L/LG6R5P:W 5:WR
M9#Q*'5KFN((9F$%\V%F'AQ8W9%6CI( 'G@H8E[8
G:+H+\5CJ&H
I



MF+2A;!IV#E:]#'$*[V+)[N$$Z$^JL& FP?84M!KEIU3?LIJ!\/1S*Y94RZ
M$]Z#-


/\6MV(%HJ'-[?
H*



MP
HVX9M/N+5@@B*K7

M%?
;#Y*;[7*)SGKXU$UQORKN8)V8Z
SV$L[H&DR/CKRPOW0\LL/D^/;OO
43

.) G4N:WUI#)

-
MJ%\M!Z!EX.:;G-)AO4+03K)F PP9MQ36F#YQ%)5#!&F)NOYP[?<1FPG
G10



?+A3VQPDYZ!&U$8$T.P/5?

M:


MV:N




MQ$'R
_//RWH#V@5^_TO


XR
^/VA9!
I0-GT




_F(([


M%_ ]FB6I;WBNR7JQK=E^-;':5':$5.7?Y(;*II&^%[


W_0ME\(C5#HJ#Z_I&FNPED[/T9#KV9X+#D=/S
M;#I



Y1YY+1RT

MSJ''$
-:AV#
YN*B$P;G(@9'E\L')+T'A]^(3YY*L3%
('68=-28K82?+G3-



*2R1%:8*G/]0@J+0[7.P
QJ;V?#^TY'LJ'ZC -
M@PSV_CF1?










MJVJ*JM)\LG5












M(R&MN11.EIUG





DO)= 2Q*[?.$7O
MAJ^U/
%E]]X*CSPG1^&)+DBS<Y8A=!U[MO?WLZF0(<J2<28(


M'/:WL WEJB'=G)])CQ:X+S ^(4=%B

MK)+4J^GLBQL!HUV31;K:+E

C
MZ!@Q5W2U89$:D@!]]N\/G6*)%TY:/;#E65XL.-D_L&0M0Q%CAL(9L9F&D:H7
MEOLD)LI6$KTQ]O/LZ_DJ./DE8G][N-*[HH)5S[-G


BG9

ECMPXI
8'_MQS5D 2*%UK

&J#\
CMXP-Q071K@.&.%X?

MWX0#5^1KU)RCD=^XFPAZE=18/7?UY^@77S])IZ_J+D;3///=2K$HA'A83D
M9VRS_C-6AN)0_^[Q(B]F[\(O/@$N9CUBQ6F9=6[[DF=O@@V;$Q(HE
Q7//
M\$@\B
NUI?(VG%*5A7)!K,(1S,?C=+QV3B=2++L#;MZ$0A65Z?\T93/WR+

O/S5N-
M%R%DAXF0XP-QP@V#6+&& FQ4B#)P5)KQE&Q%%^6CDS
_9Y?X@AP[N GMM.4X


MD)*=5

M!3N'3K8[PKJI.[

L9LCYI\
)0#


5\!C@7Q2D



M8!@UK)-M/ =75QVCFA&--4Q;3HA=K?C0%04%EFG'VC5OHCC.7BV1[LE]T[[:
M362\BP^YJJ\I7OG9X).]:!.,R^F KA%MJYS;783X6!A;_!H$E(ELYL;C4F


MS$$R_KQW7+7P)K5%=Q'1+7V!&ISC_%XO;9Q
IPZ.QFEV@=HTB5$/MWFPA$.!
M\[1H456Y*I'ULB;T'IBQ(_\@.NH !K3D:.TR^@%PKQ@Q4*8Z*O20??_AK:

MRA=:@?



MFVRFQ=D7BG6!LSG?WL


*CHJ=4

'3@K1H7S:A9+;'C(\


'1]2315P=7(
MG/39FTRUH=M!!'*%,2OT7MP+!;B@Q5BD8<HLO=.MQY@B8P2'43U<*C5E$+H





\-S1W


MJW.L*P;1O_HU33X.S@-BJ_P4D

SJN!LAJ#(+\+0MQ


G1L')  T /3H.EK5-=.CF7Y20;QA
&*T#XX\

+7_QP#[X=&/7W4'-'(#;Q6WV4^

MC%9P!:0F
C4)4 Q40(U6*4K9@XC6C'%)664:,#BT,O=X$7J9T*UN*CY/ P



M_/G4J-2(]:6:B*^07.GRSJ=U:XX67P$J

M:A#.FV^G/3?

M$R)3-QH.O_-W5[;SIUP4$?@RDGR62IHM\;KX*7(+^;Y_T8K0JY7=QH6^YM\



L ET(




D%YNMO&8WI5S66R)^'XZM
MZDC:.:

\&\VA


%S<RH:4WK*S'(E3<0

M49
0D_U+-3/%\G9;82ZU!=7;H)9




M@6U&A(\KK*GWDI;2]V\1*0B2K!DX
O$J:OQ;U9KWCQ/ ]#2.FOOZ:?YGTP;;
MO* 2X74NC-.6P[5TW?AS63(9G)Y^MWN:

 :7_E.K







MT^


CTYE

!S_S0]@GTY!=/^P#'8B19$R@@';]Q5$Z!_
M'[CCV7%Z-)WZHRD[WXV?I+.7K&2/$



MR+Y-





;G9W!&D%/&H_

3F1:'.1M39K/I(.

M_-)O=M;M;?-


M&/Z#??R


M!9^WBSR9'H_W;P^



DIMBN5V 


M O%Q4_GNG:_D0#6701&B%) HQTC)2G#M6
W7VSJ(?/8&F==4D.#=XJ@FTQ$(

Q@.6BV

MR21S\0)Q0L




MJE_.N5.Y0 R)^XG=LYC24+.PD*-

M'D#09N7.X?VR09K$D+^5Q0THZ7)&PU;&C_3(3P5%+^KO9W+872:6+8.XJ5
ME'NX&ZLWG@2(:R+0IZ_!WQ\=2$YV7Y/


7LX+5=BBB*U+%9L1(C
MIU#$IRK4;$V/2$T34:5)C*:.V^HB41OQK_);B2?(=4IVC9AK+N['K)YG__(%


MHUUQ0JC9N'39.4E* IX-7PN28#OB+%;RD :Q:?1/S38.E ']H/1 BT;RUJ[^



5*
M6K-'Y3_! 2=L;8

MK:=J(Z0Y5Z =B9:NXY/.).4F'D$X
MA3X=_'%3-!K1I.#?^LJU#LWN*R8A*4 +;\PY\B^
7-
QHS]M';%
M?=E(8B

_
 R+0+$H9EY' [V6%YJ-P\AUT*&XN Y[.1!804EU 2+TH

%HKN2ON:0)ROL#XY01XU'S]+J=


M.+9OJ5P_OOTQKH0HDRF*HIQ5)M)5O)LZ#5T)

M


MY\XV_L:4;A%H#1P*'AC:TX3L7R8

MI&'

MWX9)

M7R/6SX*V*@#J %9]3UI\JSF?KC8#I;[X+6PW=!ER:9U)BCXGROR^8:7C59
MMWNR5R^H[Z#4-A+


MJ/TCDA_#5W44&GR9.83$$M_D9
X6'VA[R]R8G/05N%[[XJQOVA=MRDX-6=
]




M+'H62U=$B6*!M?YJ;R0]S@;
\PG2.4)%-#B])
ZIWHML
BHP2.ZV%2MJ!I M


M)1+S[5JL(+F


V6BIJP@WR2A
S%W6
M;'^B&19

MY8#98[X[W()@P1[S11H*[KI\_88/-K).;W/0N^Y
=
9U@$39)B@A'-O.H9'%


MN6CM!C )W6!N8IIOW@=J3Z
ILN#%W#C23 5/ -G_N;R[SP[6[8$WW)M^Z2


M;A6NG@Y\[YYKS*MMM_HQ/]KZCET-?G:.^



@7)^^8E1 @4RXN(!4:NR %+:-L&3MU4V7^3


M4)6SU0J]=M*ODTZFI?M




UY'E#5]T;I\.0T
MG9Q-FQ8//1^X$YHLF/RE;5!*1#

/2#X)ZG7;+6:]
M






/ X1BA@G^L L N^G/G


M%U!HQB(.KIHS.M2-
[\JG[.%L'H


I'_D[41]K56GI=D3(H*C IB%WO)L


M.TY.4QNM[]Y
LKZWFP5E(+W*&]-28


MN(!=[?L^T%F^/[]Y2^'/Z6AX.(;_=Y1VQ&0STSN7LQEV+8K3'X2064MPPC.\



M@-K$$[.LU0Q_9SX*-F?3:
MF[8F ?:A2;X=8'ZBESZJ71XSO<GIV NGV*#ETN^;[PZY<LM)CP9P

/*P\O]DKWC-Y51^ /$A
MFU37

M


M^EV[]&TSR6X5G4*]O.'05J7_GIW-[;-R87LZ[FMW(.0FF#T(J=S:#3J]3)


MN.^CH^G.T5

1NH9:D]P?P2Z
IT?P








MA5_W^63&95('GTE'FN@)B0#VPAEQ^I/AU\XD;(77]%[KO9%]=UR!XBYZ&2'J






=$4
;KSH5R+


ML]&:#8-HPR7PUH


D@\L


SQX:P6K_])&W/Z]1ZBJ,SW,JJ7%4YDB,U
ML[3B;TS?.78Q&1GH'?26<:#3V)PFIL4;I0$O+D0:$&FGZ$XNT= T\+WCG%B
M?'8;%8$YB)P)-R!PBWYN&GDM*
F+2@\:T#TGTCGY-;HR(G
BD#7KS)'2YU[0
M\$U'#N0=\*Y(%@4_Y

BT3H7(TJ;R69

9M(\;X%*:W.'30^E/I#&XZQL\P
HPOMHS\WE:4]E A&\O
M*^E8EJ@7T0RI$WNPW&'SEL5VR?G#.?E*-P^[ML#
LDE3G9XP8PCQI%V')?2'


K\RSM&5\3@S]




MIR9GQ]@[14WG%YIB@#XA?&ZS%3X:J-#7C4,]AHV;J%&4 +,M4)#GW.@E8JI
MNKL9W ]%@7Z#$8J&ENIJRLA]SSV;P#+5[QX$\8I&'KC.7(?ATE2SY::DW;O

MSY90YW!P



M3S=;S 3S36%Y\P^08WCZJ,[S!75+U6)1+2XP%9FK\1E=9


MX+Y9&B2_2QJX;Y8&K[Q^=EY]'/TUTN#5UZ]YC9Q(@^AHJ)]*? OV31.4#=GW
M1DL6^K3A8:P$BS.#;0(L-9P+'W3


^=?<!S&

MTZ21G!U)]5-9QDY[O.O#3:ADXKQ;?(VKHZ.3T2)'U[3L


N=]8

ATZ
M'P.E#$A
^


M]MT4+





MZ4ERAQDVO7UT_1HU]N36[!.#F.#O-#]K I4M_)Z_?LXEO@0/G# BW6/V@X

Y.'(P[FOI
MP74[3D].1O!?1RESO!/8_R9+K]R*FFG@\S-(PJ?I.[T!/

:/+/%
M@#WVI'V!QU=@?4QE@$WZZ


MH\C50Y#LL@.-*GX=-[(Z#H&HR8S2%51 #)S?T&20(!&4JK
GD4I4^][
0)


#/PQL*C'G4@



2XZ
[$?6#:





6[NA?G$/X M
M3 <3[%_JGS(/9 SR?3C(_M<GU WG_L&163':#SYW@?Z%:?6E%5V@6CZ7=
]

FRYY#20KH\5





E&GWB)










VZ
=BBA-;846KR.S S[+Z1?*#J3.%1%#&@\(C,*2560NLRC1P*Q8%
MQ?A*)M*#0*X%8HG2()1-O%-92'8JYS AF,NCB'.7V0
ST1(;57:4F=(2J[







MAA?M@YR/_U#J-]=JSZKAV(6 NN!/N6



9Z-LOJB-MP/KYE(1%+O +MNXCH;G9'B(JS</K8-5*K67WG?
M,_ZGU-V+ -;T#_*.^&&I8Q7EEM/]-S9U.0P
D






QJ._D7CGL)APEV<RIJZ^\C9
MOK1'B& Q0A)L-;;

M6V4W2*T%/1GY#YL


!\?

M\^[#[45NDIU(_46/FHFB9Q2O[(Q9CU[ AYW##:*G]A8+-P\ZG?;I_1EN %@I



6YPP(A#/@T





:[?&\/]/
M6L



4^Y$H$#L]Z'PD0^].NC03IWWZYQEM

30#9'V#*Z@.U
;+!\PI=C!G%DDOHH;UC 'V*PCV1F[1ZP]






OHX+Z%.9ITBLF


DJS_)=.2Z6E1^\F@







*VZ

U%\Y_AOC5I;NAUELM.9@-



MP
V!3/P7CKP&

1#L50RH828Y!,(DR8#73[U
N4445U+B:^



F)[


IAPM JRA?H(O!4M];'S7

NR\&(P-]Z'40=YW/]Z$JU91^05<)\
MUUL?G2B3E[W:E+






M\CNV\@NPB'5\@$9_/C5ER!V+DB[_5R'O&5?D=$@\P@&Y..ZVVD:O$V$L9&DT
M-87*ZR*

M

AL
M@_S-Q=TKC+]EW7'[O-
^'[1-2J0-DS(B'

(#Y*RC0]RAC43LL%]M*U4;I81

M+H3M7RS#-^+6-!6-P\JQWK Y1L2^==K/3HUW%PZM@E2EW7$N8KG!101[=5_#
MN;
#A;^

MGGZ95Y_5%\ZJ*4=7T#6&
MF%_ZUE37[#,R8J^YC#@5L5Q/ZT'BSEOBJ1]ES$)3
39^D:S$ \ D%IY);0
M9T








05[
[^GV+F
X2DU@EQ3:UKBU&GMFUOA+##/#&=N
M[F@_Y.O%?LN&?S6SBJX!Z2JHX=9
&JF[=6@*@5+J \!U_L*1QCJD1P89F1

9\4HSZ7;O
5.RHTQL7DWZ[
M&'8Z^(






72UPIN


);%FYA(FM87$ADM4ER-)$7


CBWKD\6W24&A4Q,11H(9.PN@$J]N'$O

M KM+CL!$C8V?%^UM[LI%M1[%89
G
M6,46SYYYB1B6YBYSDVAPE;6/=
?D9WH R.Q]
?-Z4UA%2Y&*G;P^^0YWV



Y._8TZR_-+H4

MYQEFEH3&W'?FI?PB') 69
]


M*T0Q%-*%#85GYV?\08)EGI+*(2-'P


MHP==7P]


#GRPXB-ZE2JO]M@)]PV=XI1


.5BVRNC=AC(.
M46I^X$&9KGKVHEFJVR_P(K:5V?=ME-BYVW=^1I[X)D'5

*



:4Y8^H8


MU8=L*F/U%(;U0&1N&5^7]K]L'7S@XH$A?/9O\99%82)P$G'S-1* 4H06A^

SP5PG+$:\G

ZV+*-W;!L#[IH(0L

MRH-&%S4!;=P];5WV]O+]7-5')L-YQW^U(\()8.+UF9UC^;*=Y8/D?HRR(&9&


D^)OT/P9YF5
BW88Z
MV+'+!80(6Y6I6#<!CTUYP(W*([$N]/J=YH!S,F[).0Q)!G<_&?HF!=AIW=*

/+EH(PK;GYV

X0FQNT'


MQ'1*Z-%
?@.#]1B9MHY4SF&JKF=&_(9$IXXA-,PVI9
MN]TR.Y*$%GA*#(B?%;!'-I6F^\)R.A%&=-$*+
(3PD+3F7$%%:K9]]B!P3M
MFFS?Y?ZAL$'^^AZQA:!4#H;



















MJU-SBL2P#;T:W!A=VUB# 2E-A:;@TI#2X&@N]O?PSR(UF-CB?ER3HG0*(SUS
M0^T

M2D.G:/=[1;L[S-Y35(2O343[G^]6YX+ZIUWBGCGM8]E%^
RAK2!HL;M8F+!7

(#+:#JNL8H2WM

ED1[.7F;OZDP*IYUB.!D6@W[?

*/
MV5+MR\X0_V?<=^V8J9SVFN30<AW0;M%I=W$4(^B45ZW^05CP=%R,88PG^7A8
MC?=0*Y@?4JO[J?+FDI-8:)
Z%9F]MFS&$1
[91&WW.2=[KCHC
8XG_UV[ 9






M

R'_#$#ZY)5);_=*(
M;:[76+
\G^LC2FG$%W+AW[S[AWN'I^KVP&SNMYWI2_$I3&V'(][IP:;NC5!2






T0=!/V!W@H@R*R0@MS'%WX+K]I85%I:_-]=Y
M7]A?D[V!A3GI='/L
ST]MAU\VM+JE5!3]?7.7ILFGN:H&\L'Q9#N(UZ_9[K


'Y(+]F'_X+[(7P

1B/\O&P#S
SV<@FX^]!:3RHL5MF+?]\SBJY84+_MA

M&ARW83$:== !W2W:$_Q3%W\^%&DQ$D]' 3A%F*KRH
@


!\G?;SKT#Q)_))C1/J1_E3]DM%5V##S5O-W'?


 1


M


M?+)!^C $0^[W6$MIM3O?-=R1U].!3:6:!N

M5F_2 N6(_I(1U
4/AO;PUR$V;&



N=WK0^4B&WIUT:29.^_3/
]HCR57E9_H=

 MB_MAL'W
-YW&8;T*=
5
Q7(=U2
X([LCM%6


MXTU&F:01#;UE+Z*/=Z_STY
SQC0%E=-XC]R6:';\YZ]T!OYG-.7
P!&7U6-A
FFGW;7(!E? $_N5Q5FN<S^'-\QI^!73SGC.1@0QR+
M5HP?M1AX\;L&*:C%'S2=3O! UXF-4Z^6%PUZUVZD:!]P0J26U@4G 4'KH\I^
M!6OX/5$S:+P8!Y;4GXLF\KD)2J3A26%-&GT:^F$IPJWVDZ/11X)2_X5'Q

MK?SMBMF1
15S^;P#HJ7O(#;*X%M7FS^)+(:7_TBDL0RI82 1[&YZ'Z4AM$&W

 V:
.7:
:*D)OU]%$/A'4, O




M_
=NSV
_K[Z)GML.; _C ;S3!6U3_;R+0G?N,XO+%_JNFP10;07ZBJ;H%7





M&2B1
X9\F%6


M
RS7:<71/G(IV4?)?7ULVI R*5S[PLM*03H@
M4PK36C(-JB5GJZ1&QC&4AI

MBMG)=2Z$1E

M7A?NL43YO8E$E^5RU1^? '^Z1;?(N;U+R/R__HT.:!EB9P5ZL\@J4AG_%-







M +VQ9C@7185';4A0TO;_G9]\PU.N7N&_&V1%##M%J2R@49P?#62B+YY1'9LH

MVGTH?SCP;4Q:P]#ZPI3B\*]ABG&]1;O5B736ZD4@ML_-0ZYW@+G($;.Q-6IZ

\YTGECVG/8
MR3#ZR;WHGAG'%D12OB.=8%IWY





@S6B
M$;Q&E*PD


.2Z04EOQ&=^Q@ZWP2 JV]W)2:

M$C+%LB\3P

MVYZ?$I5+W*CN.#79OLS3(V1^ZW7.

_'LXN^1[;_*&/@-




JF8I!5IGH1-]GF4O;8




PF\;JN:^T5[*W;A& _5V;I3J*$

MQSR=ZJ+\5@_PG6G2AWD+LUD\JY;ALFZF2
@H/K-1/*N4?U11J-U!X2.;^
PV

C4HG/K!*_ZY27Y LM)NIY=P@@@?C
 O&M0/KY8F%J%6_N

MW0$Q@RXM@R!W!
SN:

%$68SR#TJ)U!$PJZ
AZ&]D1/H(N/6Q-WRM42DF
M+'QQ*P7%L$%(
9%E F[+H!@VD!03B2;@SEGVQK ?.AUY)^!.7% @&\04$WDG

M**A.'/H4$ZDF9%8-CW@&(BU83
JL&85#4A7&5A5@W&I*H)D6I9M6\K[R+
M@PM=*9.6]@FUXYUB(M6$S*K9$U^LNZ

E.
MB*P3

M1 Z2W.D.R
KL?:68R$&2.]U!F)(Z2

ZWG
MF,A!DCO=09B2ICL2.4ARISL0DSI((@=)[LP'50PBZJ (.2CB7JP!%8/=9S-
M%HJX
R%4







I17.4HL'(4606*K )%
M5H$BJT15:#(*E!D%2BRA19!8JL D56B2*K1)%5HL@J4625*+)*%%DEBJP2
M15:)(JM$D56AR*I09%4HLBH4616*K I%5H4BJT*15:'(JE!DU2BR:A19-8JL
M&D56C2*K1I%5H\BJ4635*+)J%%D-BJP&15:#(JM!D=6@R&I09#4HLAH460V*
MK 9%5HLBJT61U:+(:E%DM2BR6A19+8JL]H*R+L=Z=/WTKR0_O3^\S&?+?YZO
M?P-02P$% ,4     K@HQ,'R// \     3 @  P              @ $
M    7W)E;'
O+G)E;'-02P$% ,4     K@HQ,9O,+8((   Q    $





M971S+W-H965T-2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     K@HQ,F)\O.$%  #T'@  &

M%     @ JX*

  !@              ( !I2   'AL+W=O



4     K@HQ


M+W-H965T

3-.*&.&W 0  T@
  !D





M4$L! A0#%     @ JX*
3)^O^XNU 0  T0
  !D              ( !\C$

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E
M=#$W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *NC$P;]5#RM@$  -(#   9


MJX*


M='
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#(P+GAM;%!+ 0(4
M Q0    ( *NC$SQ%YH*MP$  -(#   9                9,[  !X;]W


3..Q40NV 0
MT@


BYX


4
M K@HQ


  !D              ( !$4D  'AL


4     K@HQ


4     K@HQ


R+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0



4     K@HQ
D ;DU;0!  #2 P  &0              @ 'K5P


4     K
M@HQ




M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *NC$PE&U8N8P(  -,'   9                :IE

4     K@HQ

M% 
4     K@HQ


4     K@HQ
&UL4$L! A0#%
M  @ JX*,3$L,.#P? @  WP4  !D              ( !8X   'AL+W=O<FMS
M:&5E=',O<VAE970U,BYX;6Q02P$% 
4     K@HQ



4     K@HQ





M4$L! A0#%     @ JX*
3%CF0?P_ @  V08  !D              ( !VY0













4     K@HQ

M3*2=O):F @  K D  !D              ( !E\

O


&UL
64$L%!@    !6 %8 C!<  (V 0    $!
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001683168-18-000982-xbrl.zip



A7
M^E8]NO0D+J[6Z/R*7]_84?)F!'#-\TN0P+=.K']@/MS[E;]





5!_3O
M5OLD65__3/BQ&R_TI_ISU\%O)BYH08)2I(BNB'%^\=\__0640JL[:K;ZK3_]




M3]JM?Z)I^\_/[X^=H_#J*O#WOXG@-K1G=^[8]I@O$

WG]\_-ANDK BB]9Y-
M+6
_?__ZW/?S]Z_/=3]7W^/^*8GSS^LX&'^_G*$V?![GP=F#'3I?X:;+.YPP




M($MI4IJJ9J1#I1#D\C28?.\*39/6GVCRP49'A)) */'3NKO22U8E[A(!V=

M


?P\6/FS'0-/7DX^_)C!5V;PI2 !:N?QENGY9[YS'DRG;DRZ

#/+



M2&2ND'D
)626M.8C7C-067NL#H
??AC\&!FK#H

V0)7;/Q

02-UO
M%;NWQ L



C9[8

MA5\&-;M4P[#E\(NPYI=*F7T4MAEU'-+KNS2[OY0MA%(5JSRT[L\E+\NNW:
MKUL%N[P4OVZ[]NM6P2Z=EW*5UIC6#%.288B $7[^C%@%*6BP2A;'FDG*ME^O

'SL=GCB1N(
MU/O\

=-(*XR+J\OCYAY'N&\^B5O;^T#P&OR28+N942KB4_6(IFK-
MHKNSZ%7HW@
(5YX]ICZ@-;]6SJ_Y)*Z9M] 853NZ.VZ63/KV1W'HCF/A($YG

\\+8D3].43K
M#M+
+7$M*[/RU]#V(WN

M 


QU&5]
MVWL*%J[O@X?/WM58!_6=M +1^MWV[5NBXO'?-A/S8!Q
A9X5^BD8V\@^*3MA



_./3N*8)DE

MQY
S:8JD-9ONG-MQ

Z.Q'

MA75UN=MCGWI?W-N[&-3

B]7W*2H4(.B5
? XAMV;0;_W'K/SL:A6/G^


Z[]<5U;H5UZ7K6?]G3V5OK-SMJ6!?^
^S5SN#+YU*+/.LV\++S.QO4CPJD7F&\^GX<A

MP=*;5B^''%9N
?QWWG+Z36JQY
(0Q1%H-]PYVS\[[D;N7CMO)R !H1K)FB_
MJS  $PEO#'E@Y(2.?[)0+=-#:A9#FORZ
\_-4'WM%K#SK#[IU^W@B +/GR)
M$2AX





8F!8L2Q@*QW-RR#T^OV^
:Y.2

M(4ZO*2Q]5RO

M]8OM#MHR^1X1-


-
J$=X&



MTQQTFX\



MXIK]41$&RTF7*0M.$5*VA]W6:#MP+GRX5)
A ):+UI.1'J
+%@UHE6!
G\*[


O++Y


@ZESV'K/
)^



&:/WWWM
M[@XP+IDJ^]KK[#E:)*+7[_9'@Y9YO][7+F\#W;*ML*_]W0JZ)4-K7SO[.?#Q




9+R?T
MQYHD-.;E*)Z%__S\W@3?D(_7NIKUNFE4C,WK[P7:'__6@S:WI/6I2B@^V@


VL#5
M2RSW4F-NCB+S^TP7, !654P_H%=@=GBPFMF\&1'


A'#(^







I0G+.R%1P%N-3J;+R0J'^RX3EDHL7378I3NH


M[;3

/L

/
MZ5LL!I#LR5P-AZA\U.S+RRRZQ6B^4;?7VKSH[[9O\UA,Y)0U[;-W1CMWI:W!
MV9D@A<A_!PPE[#WB[


GE)P^H_:.X


LW^GO KON7[.FAW$Z$=3MH=<SO

[TP


M:1CM0:5 IH=!57


M^-'E9(*UA;W6L/6L#/:X Y,@?0D2*COY#P.*BZ0+2+5%!W1H-4A/4 L'QG




MO@9R0XI8Y:W!:$O0

M\-IWMJ^F2OV%7X;_

K0*J U$EU6D




7J_3227$+2VS)20[%4!O! +;0+AQ

M!4#W\.]?4;POZ
MNN:?V=Z?Y&*G#JU/U5-U-43[P^L1NJP61RO;@7[G?0'6NEJ!PTGSU+PP;5BZ


F!+%\$W(4B-P8#/KQWQX(C9W!9#VY]MZJ.@+U!



MIW/A5BZU$TP[Z(Z- -$%(/&@91UHKKIQ8L'&Q!/C.)7OQ
/%

&L.M


M^


M%A 
_OL


[=V9'GH


;(
M%F
OB%C4;%##-[$5IBR9&.T.>TPA^0
GH(G!'!3Z-QZ-XP

M.4 :/F%K^-2Z! I
]:@R( 8%^ $454/T* !C2^,[X\5H32G@/V@QT1#/!J
M6


MO^AQ H*6XRG2I#QMSX-5_H7O\:.[(!1@6

MVE[@




M?NY&$0:2K&ZGU1BV1HU1JRFMEU


Q+1#*X-R')S
#PCD14094PU+











OM;5+QN/<XP?QCZ2+  GA!ZGS492Q8Q1JMU?7

M36TW7BP3.'9*H! '

E2R%






MG4BY8


7''Q'_R
M-@JOXOBE^ED&W(;E
XHN_V#L$LOIJ-@(T.CC00LC!21
M!B#A

Q@X'VE
B 8/'$F1J2U\
M]];CUY4P43Z*E#TM:0 C2Q*_&

##K^5_
\*7 9(N= 7N-@]Y@+!_]HSS P0



M+#-L:!!C*?P(SP( N1'(4^O


/#EE2
M





M
'! = !=E1#1
%-5;&SR(!
M
/&6[4IX?7,7UX5SQ '+A6^NG/B\1GX9--
MTN#378! X!(-.GRTD6R8ZB1J^F:+R;P@SBBI]X**:! X=1O@3&3&D'\2L2DE

E:EI.-8J2KS'1.0Z(1C7PM$R4.$LHPJ&8
ML+D917/V0\B$?YMJ2*1I@/H3%YKJL+NL1T I\Y+:8OK;$IXD _W6Q+)%;^)



&C+YI\2457RQV8%7!R

B7BTYF+%UCMQ.ZI#*XGUJYU
#?$K3D

%; @]UD@4$[OR*8GPJCK










M.(S]WU-T%N%?F*? ':1$.%6GM@X*8


%7(8V6P.#M;2^3F$AI!7V6?5WQF#HA(\\,9W
M6 %,BC)!9-Q45H@0V S]AG)




MQG %=920Z\QVJ(T.MOXZY5.*_DP?



;KD^II;8S=?UU&J*D1C!.4\K \LG3
M!C?A;[-;;';

_\VNTGJU8/BFL

YBH5&



L7(/:/R

!KW9;






U[



+*F%S3*
MH^Y%;;C'3JW?;6I?3QJ!JXYG($_R09VWPB=A4IV?<I-^@EO 0+M:'
:=8HN



\]0^OW2N3ZO9
M&':'

W'Z
M?$^92+*BEEH%*(=$KICA75


H\Z_IAIUGEI?5#WP&KBIBD-%940
W.U
P\=ABAPT'W_UH_

F!5=F]35-EV)6_=.J5#QG=% L&2LN75I
M3#8[<@VH.H2:_2DGP'XJ(K!0#9SH@!


M




M8T##MWF9%JJX(V4+*$_I
B^@W.:T.)4\1V5
\RE&6?[#'

M32J5ZIW)SUZ9RLV)W\G3F#Y


@
MR!;
4.5HLH*-#[@O@*'XSV42U)6]P*D)=)A=T@U'G:A&.?'C:X@=
5WNE[2Q

MHQ


_9I4JW9<DPJ
M$HHVELZGLWUC

)A&

M^%%0T



R7]FJ(J&4

\:LPTS52L



T2+4/CZ LT2BRZ51J.#G_



:V(6@5+UWZ:.[_@2:VDMS?_9]5(43HKXXI!*2Q?R(=DK^_ EXI@T


FK

K) =!GB^#BB^:;QT@2HIKD
M Z#!RR'W2TW#DJ=


5.F=S!

V[9H9'88;NJ-SML4[Y?PYAOX]!


7)S.O& A$*YD


2:/3O))#AHY].66!ZMP
MF8Q#3'DC9!,V53MP;]:&(9,1[M2X4;$*@-3+5/HU0KY)T[?WWSU709')%R
M%43NT?4FO#GJR=IR*1EN^GQZJD!<:M'J./OTK/3X[R48<[2IR%JPA<3-V9C


M/[QQXG(38*6 36N/Q-2=JEJ1I(&IH\I^D[

39

ME*




MO%KA5WT#3


%(U:/36QGB &0PH-8#6Z<88NK#C.FCE*=--C';'I<WK(



?B=:$)FX8

RTD_FB[WUN%


4OO%8S.(D)^J;3ZYA


:4I*T
E2^%RD.Z-P-V]$OB+T8=]

.GU=3DG^S0=

M!38[++-/1MUGEP*3.\^

M\YO(=5QTP
+#T9R
V==3F. _(*-I57D%S9EX_L4R1IGRCBZO+AG&%X-0#


MEJ44_=\O/J1;Z/I.DK:B7+EN)+N!NU
5ON%$\S'QG[R-PJO2'N 
N W+F:MI



M;Z#KPAO@=54

MW_J

36%QSC-1_'-)&L(=L%-)2CEILO92:7LA=9_2P]J-#LOK1N

7M=^Q_ 01C

MJ2/&+J5D3^WOH

?O$C*XPL4W;-I(
M(NIR# 6



MU!3L_@4N]AWN\;INBKF;^'J* JCSN;!E*/THOB-I\*A ^Z.:[3X/
0]+MX5*



2C?*EL

M]N8&0DIU4=OZ5F?8&'6;C7ZKQ3TF4?0IT
2N 4UZZBROZ(_*
+4'RE
2L6?6
M':L^)_BDZDUM9)AF(R/IK%'9

@7

9+T
M9;U\K\&



M
%C?^YZB P]2G@LYHF@N13$Z+E5' '
Q@\U:. 'V7E<^Y(0
MZL;V5-_)/+@,[;EAYEEZ?5W+0T@K[+/J-COI*0^


M\DEA_4-P;#][.-@\K!E5YL^]?J/?I_GKJV\/W/=$]SQ1E3Y%@M26@L&8=@V*

Y&S+@)S$G;NLL42^:6


MP GKYW
I W\+;B)
M\8]H\=

M]1:_D-W74J%5[CDF1ZC0O&-L-X;!8R52#
1J190?9.9\?YR6&=($2I3GZP_G
M:G#2=6Q/S&D9UCLXE45


M4^:%+&AT?19^DUZ;3+Q5UEG6BOMHN^'?448N)[H'X(6/+J%IG6BYUT1+I+Q%

#$
U
@6]
MP_%UHYLDJ)7EXB\SKI8I )-U4%0DN5P=:[R85Y.]&GE68S*W$E3@9.*&4VDU
MFO!$RBDB[E5&C_$J.$WBT+V9JW-$3_
BGZ(YKLMQG=R)P[FE(*ELSKP:
5G.

M7\?WK[L5\77^HJ;^

MX




9Y:7U0+

-K9B$

S1U

L$M3*?713TH]M2U9C9W5 4TO8HOA]A 0CJER!
'K!KBA2C@=$70




MD^WUK

M+_


K?(KE4'D




M=!L0\% DY4)3A7JV$4

B#
JC &[*MRI6;VY*WF%6!-/YBZ

I
M=1\%!M



M+[7)R0TCM7DRISJ$I5K]ABHBD_%;(SK(T
QUV0Q54'9;S9

UB!;BX!:&!SR6*QP;$.


AF46^3\K]@U8!&W&2'U-7P7S
MF+]-#J\DO9KR8 BQU1E'D61)YCNTET
W(O.5K2H22MF 78=K61!ET)V^(J9*
M5\U@TC4\S$
M3=-

*BFG#F36@<PZD%D'
@_;
M4UX'


M1VFH\LZ.W+$.DKQW/7)9J9VP7GVN_)KW;$HBTA9(ZD5H)0LY2+A&!ZY1$Z
MZ
IIH \@#AQXCGNO4L.-W0:2<?C*VKT-Y^B?R((7\OY?A8/

(^I[Y2JT3#2PE]Q%0)ZN7Q:X#39HJMK






!LW&H-

MFSAJC$;- ]O$1PED[)+A[LVC-\GE&;M R6MV6BGEW#R.(6Q6EAEWC)]MM] ^

M^4\0OZQ9X


%1F*$[*G=[/+<B..-_CPIK!^#T#+G3U@\=B()].J;L)R0S267-<$


K8.I
M!QS=JX.I=3!URRMY'4Q]T6&X.IAZ&
C5P=0ZF%H
PSIV5P=3CVU#ZF#J4YO(
;!H[: U/6LV33O.DW: VQG10GG 3V)F]X*&ZV)5Q.O.


;-^A4FJU[8!4;.


M3*N)J3SCSK=Z,F NSM^.[T&LNBR]B2UPN8)U?0^;N!-_3F!/#=CK95?9'O


MH%/WKB1+*WA-4@OH:UT%/*SQJ.9-7_@T+#5T;
 E:?!*.K[;;.A;3KOYECD)
M404-F+0

-57A6TY&DI0%




Y].)&R


2S8M0W *G*1



MXB50O  R-WK'$D6@LBJ/RCM+NB:QJ3M.NW#G0^F==*!*KEG /@([4_I2D -0
MF+*C@%



MVL7\S1#^'



42/*
MN*F#_KVQ%PG)1U]PKKZ$\%]+^ !204N:E#9.%JIQ0Q@M]EVF)Q:.ZVNFCKX.


PP#X
MD;QL&1MD7S/P@R7S.SV .^B_;%^C]H/J$4#GZ*%]48%C2'5+75Y#'*M8.J/.





ME%YT3NOC4+((79LI'.3Z@+

MI

M&V8*\81F[%\^E-C%Q$Y  #EX9#;L$UZ!E]V$@GONV$47SOQ7C0_IB?VAMV@8



!=!\K


ME6/&&


QN^[15KR?LA_M4)

S)!IUJ32
OMANQP2-)\ O3HJ)S?@13
0K0$!9C+.N


!W



M_31Y#AP!


I-2 @*GN])B(E%U+6#B6_50CVKT^E;O7[%21OU)[\#2;_WXXETP[1 BDGQ

E]X06\;7


UE)$V-93AXL@'YE#=IMZZKWS!;G#0V@LWAD\;@[\5@Y

MOE &
P
P [!&REIG;2$?6BDE/-N^GA3NZ8(G?_8(EOP

TS[2(

MR!5!$@KU9^+&4WBC:2[VQ*L)$GQ]5E)&!6:.NL

-&/CX$DPM9'PZ1$3G:CT?(6



-O-]YYBUW5+6P
M#8^8OM%Q;W2!3Y4
A?(Q=K+8E_YHPE@SP30*P$FX0(+O.L)$\98+Z^JR3T$M




Q50$1&$?]@A0AN=(IX<O2$*LK09=!G[Q\\F\=PD(9!<^C0((5;D*?HZ

DC(N@

MH


MJQ]BH


5!0@'&7809!@\


ME/4#NNZ/E707A



MMIZ0\




M)TWX9.&F129OD$R^%


F9$O/H$$6
ML&483O











'6;L
&.'V;$9@^PP8X?9 20B
M.\R:1*;L
&.'&3O
5*QSH*=STX%[E,1[$^/Y8RC
M9:# EX$R[\U$1TQF3%OO

MR42_!91S


JJAPFB+





Z&:-])-_P#6W'EX=R(F\OM $(]7+HT
/:JVW[9

ME_Z0=F0HC:;&N;8^@4!LYTV+\V^S)C#&O
'&#:[M3B3UD]/MM4RS.NHNXE#+

)1C]1B$WTWS($?8U#((OU4X

6%UQ4@C[*V-F;P




MI)U\H4@/BI\DL6DSCHO&HU#A7/



M7[@&A&PE







$(8(;53D;E^DJW$^EB)3 )
 DPITX


MN?%XKNZIDT 3!3P
F3 


J5N:SX;-I


=LG

MC:?BYCY45

LX\=A(E E]\LN

M2X-*AHGGX3-?U236)6:=?N$QD3T2X;[@%


6E[V![C.@BMB-/66&J^A3B!!8_ P@$^CX JE'2?2
T^)\GOQ

M-T

/+\[T&4M\^'KCS/'/\IW.$[8$@%^'C1MWJ='KXM
?,_1PZ&0+16\1S\T/W^^T]//62/0/CD?^CVL\L
A//-)'2]PA]U27#?


MY.@:DX


B9[C+\]\P]IWO'


M?E4+??@;08(;0I5&XL4
8'LJAJ.+\EU;M!Z\'Q:@6W0(5PQ^F4YYI'RX
%Q@
M




PD=?HX[\!40B

M7$ .I+(^?]\UOD\_:;A6ZTB^A@$8
P+04%J@ZY$8
95'Y97X^MBZ$CRO


M4;3[Q!!!IDPC52Y19



CSP

$2^+
0P7B_%A\K*3!P50\5.:SP\^ .3E [G4BK


0'%TS5RBZ;TJWU'-]-ZJ)9Z+\1


M=31R0+3-^8\6;'6A%XD@RCU)JYZSR
0+LS%PSA:U-1B^R[P%CC
2VLZKU/X7O7E7J996F9LH
M5&

_%(P@LH5JJ= 98Q.0PR*()7
M-)R=4#ZF7CQM:+SHS


$_&?06']/6'1[5-;EP

MI?;JF+@X4=#OK:\MX63WC-RDXFG\!^OFB$O+$?[7A8=^8E.T.WJP?*?S



M'D
WCH&AM:NG9%N;*


95A



9J!68J^R3SA8S8O0?Q+B9%T2+WV2=LP
MD2C8QX(]S^^60CO&$7V* R2^]&,5[.D\NJ91L!WMU:D%)2W
A*W7K&G*=W

M'




MS

M*-
M9IP^C_A3J+(77:S$P%+B+V%A#:@6X-- =#''2D!')@H!YCV(8COQ2&@&



#3
M'L
F^:D+P::LCB1(8LV@XPDP''JQLP2\Y=I?QCU:R209F8VF+CD*Q*S=G+$W



E5B2CF997=/2HR7Q!)(E3_7'RMK
M4ELTYY!RS#=__[^0_L'^CV:2#O]O=RMDZ*202+IC^]$NG

M#K0$RC.F;&_A4/8[ _EBQ3#UJBC^'Z+5MTBK^]J.MW[?X3V@ZR]LNA\JEQ





!M

^-*VZU=&QAP*]E5<]WR8
M/^I*WFBRPFIQ^5]**FFT=%UJFEYX;+JP@.6I6Z JQH4JCX?^F^F.VA6OBKB
3CX]E\L)<*.





M$CX2^
H?-)P



M]V9_N]#Q]ZW15X7^UY;X+5@OK][0GW?YP;6NQX&[:?U\WUOWT5O+[0/Z5E

MM*3KKX\^MRWM*:FFO[7$6S=2'FJGGYJJG0[:K)VR=LK::0-8E;732CQU;5VW

%=_[=CSQ@JFJ49'3FG82ZYRL




E5!_J=!V(T2U& 8A' @]%V4/$A!S#P
 #CU_

Q

MNFRW4TH2CRHDFAXJ-P9O)LT0JUM/=FW;;7)*+Z&*2G3O#0R=LI30E'(PJY




^OE#AX8G6VF]X6=O



M8



M
%1*N'AJ6

7

0C'X
\#GN$#8+0H  
4T.@DAW-RB?

'AP'3A[0)+GDOL!
M/3SPSUC)* FS+@YEDG)C31J+S[4EWI1KZ:)5Q73E*BP\Q=(G%_@6@(.J]?RL




3P

MA1V
Q_!3N866LTZG)X0B;?)$*4(6=AN;Z
Y8WG19QZ6__91$+^^EG/S\QHUL
%]BWE9J,'WA W
MH^+#.;'#J<?8X(,CDG? .^ =',,.MJJ='':8<_-O%SX</IS#Z25;WM\R9_4N
MT\2.8 O+7!AZF=5.*HT1&6


MV1KSRW]1=G#OPT?[')'$AW
PE6=;5A]FF]5!1]SWOH$DW(FKGE('CW/SE6(E


M@=

MZ^YZ\T
/

N=/Q]:_15H?^U)7X+



13



M8H
EUG=VC(NKBUHH/(R)5WUV=+*Z68=+[
H:L+;)VB9KFW5G5-8V*U%FCWUK

MJFD]KV&N-ZH1
NE#0*<]=(C
MOWY9+ZT1




M$XI^739+HFAC?NU?5ZSHK[MDWJ7RM+
;HF]=7SZ?M_9W (S\7:@'UL7@^0HA







13Q2PI&Q$L&0?KX/I1];
M0H9*J+]4:+L1HEH


M7W GT7O_
T%O[V!C;[WXQ .UK7_D%ZBON'1? /TOO8^_L__NO_H-SZ6P;

A;Z<P  -3_^P^7/RS2DM?+
MLSIX6D:VF]X6=D

6+MG[<8-J4NK/1A4K[T_W#89ATL7;;?Z_9JA;^_=1K+BL%24XIZT3V7-

#N[W6 16UT@1*
M;16W81!H#^H3LN$@+JURI/EX6VNN?=%Q=U4F@1/HLKHMAVI#AZ_M[9[MM*WK


M;.X=/4*:K_$4.BBPUE/'FV[-7B.L]!S=E*JGNK'43-=9V QFX_8K:4.7UU\^
 5F*2$^VD;' 'FL=G(FE
M/Z-O2;S5W0D]9:9DO096C^)@(F[N0T6=C43@PUXFL;Y+NUU]E[:R,RE;92

[\T(

!XT6IW
A2S/5QH&C/ W<'!@Y$(]P6#G
M
L










M)

N.,5UW+MEL1J5DC(&*D;1FIU]W.)%]?W<(D7
MDT!#2[RXXQ7?MZP!-0TCM=* V.=Y6L3'&*D;1AKM%&$/:-ICC%2-XP<BU+

=KVI^T;'&PX1PZAH/7Z+'?(DR0FJ&D.4=K_[VT\8M

EW#@2!A5B!@U^HYP?=M+\*ZG;T?)7:3^3(!2107+L#A!?&8?IW$;N#G
M81QQ-Z4GX.Y5X6











M'H
P'L$E%_&-M%58OQ7Q02 9?0W.W$6S!7TO*8+UGU#)2TEZ&=FKOVP%L
4C

/NF7M.JR#E([6I
9F) +HE\092!=G+GQO+*=(I;D&.@3Y:,MH).!?
M(%%)OR!YB#L)0L\((47H!0GM6A**Q$OTKM!:I. G2*9XIY +HS=.$8F .@B

 @GO# E9V 8NP$A%VW/ G[Y;N\ME


]DU;P2L(#Q\P!
@/




FQ(N9
;59\B?00)D


MC\1S@4_HA)'0SEGUWBJLJ3QP-6X3K0JB[K;:#A0K;4B?'JOYP*!.X1!_J:




#3O^1&Z4++

M*!

?&]J










G49V[ATFI+KS-T@\S?
MX'/G8?5+69E!UUT=Z064W%#8'ID6%^PG;)4*-D!0SRSJ9*A/HLUR0'Y'I[U
M7-@WT6



@PML1




(WD3.)7%'X0VID







5K(Y


MH\9L28$


M+[JMZ\N




N_7
M@&W
6:=;\&@482_X
K0FO-2?



M*:-0P==]58(9U1B36YZ X4JZA
S?:P)105:TB*UQ&^YXSU=*DWH-2HG?1\/
M;IR,09^((J,\@R!)]-7N$EC:! (M'J?VYU8/1 D


M=Z/ES\34!1/%6&1/9:XU/]!UW!&Y]4SY.!U85MT.@A
+F!UVLNU4%&C=!^UD









GJMP8^I$G0?!J;#0+%AH$NZAG$DZ+Q_XXJE.Z30TF^(G%'RCVIC

 TP%:+^Z 0H


HQL#S./G!?$D'R01A05G@T^%;B*;X$+GQ^J4R5310$);HM44.Z+.

M\@\_S^D[ZS+^FAW.6W2TUVDV


4@'MR'\(O/6F#.*-J:ZZAC*M






BM@G-?)4



MXHC5F+R^['?W9\-WPS&__N;#+\K8K&\SJ4N(C;?ONBT]D.R%4.\IUTPS^P

&5






MC76-)::=F]G'WP#([G:NTL^=]O\4G/'[WT;33[++)[FED^SQ26[I)/M\DELZ
MR0&?Y)9.









17'7/X.
Y\+7OX2+92


MBZ_3:/R=8_LJ\
)$- IB5[$_9E\Q8OU;]

XT]F6X6X2W
MUJ#;;^\

MN_%#A/&]!Z\;E[*5:[#W4KGJ#O=%B^6;?A)1HO7!VZTHZ0W;@_GRQ=UO9Z=L



$19P<;8U )8:D=U.CL1YLOV
M<T!H;,)RS;RJ%X7&W3FG!XC&I+D2JHW/7094&^%VRYL\12OJWJ6NZ4K7?XC


MI]' FCF.#0#?(6;VYN+
)2YVOY\R&B\+X%=95Y&7_%KVKN4IV PR)]NRB


MIX^?PP3D&@ECS7_9ECFW8//M
GOM=C?[Q]TR;;L*=SO3/[OG!%E3]S]9X
Z7

MB^-Q&XALOK4#P^HNY5FE)BP82.K#1'R:5!:OU+6!EMI_PU5&TK(=K:]=4(J
M3X;[NDRQW%EWMHS[G9\:C:53'L*$GSP4J9:@SQ!K*QUUMN& MWJMI^.&$OC
M

LXVF)(96U.
MV

M4&

M''X






NKUEJJH:+JJD 95TAYF-:/S].@JP;#?V

.@Y&

M<9K;G7ZW/^AK-XTW@&C'F]N@[FF;F^+U?2 Q/[!1^CE),@P!H7V]%8ITL'.


M@L'!4XZR
/TCQ$@(5\/9*/#'EU
@:?EV=*-(J;07/E]=-FI!6=QD
VCWMEGQ

FG4='3S7O6_($]VM8D63%=+^^ Q?]L&(
M?X+C7J%!Q$E?(
^6PG@(FVO$^E4*='!

U4&].^@[^KVO




.Q2S KQXX?

M\LPQ1OC!3\9!E&0Q^P;PO0_@F=H&YU^]-T,7./'@/WR:@I?^MER6K/4^N;?
MP9:_L ?K:W3GA3;_@VU=L]B?OK/NO/C&#W^V\-'6.PN7.O4_P;^]&]@-7_Z




M





M15LMSH361TKF^&OH2\3L_-H!^QZ5I*-5+X5]2\G&EIMCHMK\2^?6=\J
0P
M'2+($FFVAS58L+\\?S*_Q\
_H\=DGZF=&C(*'5.(VR:8H' ;1+9#&Z 3:!



D?D:;REXHD0I








9F9_X77!9@R.
M=$# P$F917!0O#P,0A8 [,^VL!3R
2BF(FE!4TLC)J





582<'F?P^_%1W70@_9 4C_)%Y((J)JSZ

P/!IX(59N /H[]*(/CS*MU@2G1+=:M6^M#[C7385*M


M@84'*6QW^ 0Z!*-@_5J/*^ )X5=%UO]D0R'M$:O*(H#1K9Z1,PDL_#L&



MN+X71CA;U *)R
='L=ID4]&^+6M




&.G:ZTGB
GH\=MX7


4]72



MI-6I1UBKVD;M-;97#EF6;%!4OGLGOSA$6Q2)/3(LIKR/IWP093_90W([30
M8$ U3_%?\N7A!)(%@/_*R#^@:5193T#F)Z4:BQ%:1#?XA.U)N 12AJ*\#F


%2&$Q/'35AZ @6HH5U):6;FD\O+NE0O
MPM/'D



M+48]L8B&^&&


:4I

)E#*IZ55V:2/:MW ;
M7%KBHV3?4;Q@913Y4H08W
HH3D)\3$$093'Q( ;/
B;\9%$NG+?[1$!D[#G/
M

M&S4U?.-\%H


M'D/'W4MNT?CDQNE


M C&##5J?C'FG==;ZJ2D

D \MHT!6;*\H !U:H9]R

MG$I1



M


L*5T(6I*TL









MPJBUAJD$TA:E&1:&4N;?E(HI$=Q]+;Q!:E IC:OO%(-$RDW$
Q1ZRZ2X[E%P
M



6-\?WD

05MP65

A5I'55H

KT%-CFAN 7Z ;EB2-D=8#3D
M5ZG$-E-LJ*R7\47\0:J)9E@6TU%UQ$5(B* 2PK[@F]F-9CY0B58N0E4AA<1

MYE








M6AH:CGV.J7DC?ITFSM
&QS&.3:;.FXZK-B+&'VC#GK]F ;
Z/?=D]$9K.WS-


HR




/3ZFO'KTNZ)]^;$Z;VI&-DC];72])V6KNF7C!XB


8)XQ

M$KX\6*!PYHP@VRJLN6U

M390$H(*(GX]H)D=B3;


9N&6%27U5)H^T:N8\*7%:@O26AD D



M 3
GZ  ^OXQ%L11%I$




\'+8JQ
A3)6MB-2)O6=J[

M5[&U&/PH&4PF%L#](7WE!&6B%0I]


FO
7HP+&9$D4\PEB'GG#^ S\-^-]U!*N= 1I;2$HTL*I

KRQ


$F41T9R2)4(^6@^W$2TO)!KWULIS-7-Y



X!*5;R\QXN]0


S(A$0K0PL3



0J BA


M#X@_2A(60N!\@CA&RGC&)*'(@'RTG/FUA?9BW'5%ZQH7F67Q^):DK)8DYFE-
+B#65



?L)3O47X


 OO[$FH;'!^L#CJ6R(


3)

MZ(2T#OTDKV%
O?LH5K/8JXP3XL

MA=4NQ'!)@BD/YLZ;

MU
'3N 4V9+E_K5NUGZOX@


=% I
S[6.4/YQNF \4+*#H






)*LQ'D?PFCWS.T;1\B&T]PTT)
M1\T?W9@(%8$&@18
MXDP[202IHJ.7V&NKL8Q-^]X\1IEF!')
RK*



 ?[3@*PEY

V'

*Y$:_

KR@
M29'R:.Q3C$^YANA92PVKP


M^@5W*/DMMWKW*
5N6*KJEP!@;KI(H[MP*G0D@W971=;Z!7.:(Z2;S8_P;HL'
MUC^ T40F7ML1^T+NBV.J2DL+KZ@$1)YTJ=$744E.1M1KYY);QCAQO G*1AZ?
M$D$4M70C/!AC85=5M4#&L::
M
05-^?D+4XUWO)(M.R1&PFDLWSTW_R)2%%K

HVYRY %FE6ZZN\-;0Q
$


@BE@*2$X B)KU&1FZ*=Q=;=3L0
EE^.J;T/^/Y'+=WA26



M:C?X.@M%=?2\8DN6ZD$;=%IRWNEKM,$M=Q(]7I\RR99PZG% )]CSGB*^\1



!2U[1+VVXF






MYK/UN




M*-EW #AX

+



MC2D+R[O444^.*:-+
$9!UN_P9E[$ QH: %BN:XU;$BQ8U(,6N98' HMG+/^
M09#BH#W#7^Z+6=@347XUZC&]?GNQ.GTACL7 P=497V05.@8I7@HI#AIMX;N


M. V[]D#
:7@Y2J^Q#[A1-=4%=_Y\/A5*# ?!/I38F*

IMLJ





OG
M\&-(G?W%
O;S<%:9=;J^A[4F-KP&NMP]Y7!<G^



M).OBV1GT^H
E6V@




+.C#H849G:4
MF1VU5_XSLZ
.AA:'TB#9D
+
CCH@6IC948WTHID=M26^


[:@V.?!XC

[ZH41W

S(XR
T7
 *&CI+R9'?5B26]F1[TX





9&?(ULOE_;LPK)

MC

M^S%C82(F8P!9F478^=T/0Y9$J6=;?.@(9R[! W(-
_A@ZU(C/T$$DY #M4:S
M%'AY12\H8G


MLXV1+K+Y#SHLW





M3-[[$R9[2U8Y3=A($;M WH3$*/[4!C
(&SA&H=:WDKCTWO
#?HT+7PK?M2T_

H)1AHV03Y3+%
+/LB5K?9LQY\^!B^#RQLR2MD9];G

/6-(H%-'G7R7!!


_%4A


MZ.$9*$FV@$M*
V %L1!SV!T3( B\E
L9A##+;_^A..=%4/])NJ*X [00_!
MH:-(XS&.FO
+(Y-JP5J*X+3\L'8F^I;SI*3MU ^PF6888EO:/ZZ5BM/;J[(T

\6/&I/

M*
E&_\:!R
#)VAKLAW?GA[Q)+G(*'8$LO8T$#^/:J#[A0S9%[H0CWJ:_HK03
M$*(8DV]4W*B]!+OV6N



G&P^Y)/S9


Z[+Y!NJHA1F

ZZH6IG5W8\9UF7%=1TT/
ZZK[A;
N*XUV
N


N.Z#-TW

MS+ Q+&!FV!QK\
F

5=28(]2)C'H8@!T:0?9LM=7=CQG5M

ZS+CNEZ&&6O&=;U0PIMQ7?4EGQG7]3SZYEQ72^:_,^QO52C
MGERM53@A]]_GD91&D8I^PU^L7[0G]+'&4 .3]/LIU?BKW&$^[E-T]G/;]\^


MIZW6:4O^/?!&+/CEE?C[O^!;KZRW&[W::?)JB9;SN+B$%X_E:^#'%3@13[R=

_X\&D+H*:S\

M(5*\%T$4)C;O33 M#K?XZ]OOB2GOIUC5?CDKV]Q(_[/^+_PZ_\'4$L#!!0
M   ( *RC$SQ!%/&^Q
  /C8   1    8G)O9RTR
#$W
3(S


M]M=? R3X!A*B9


[HSHG/W9ND5+


MOP:7@\/^^^[+'%IQB7P@@+\_0/+A
?S3'TS['\X&'\Y.COZW8FT^\@
OKNWP


M.4
N






4EH^_Q?.(S^_&!N0YL



HH3
#


DZ(C
B[\7VRPLEWE0#/[H=ZTT1[DEWE:;&XIKON+R218+A%_A;F)
M+CLW6T$.V#;9@%L6^GB#D:'37 $345:,T(?\@@-NE;$6"28FTEOW%?'^!

J2R!K5D




M^6;MZS:X


MS&S)S$JX60F[_07@$K;Z3R#:$QY18:G)(T!E Q9EF16O6=K](V$(*D96BM/^
MZOP:$2XC(



M$?PM48$\8=E?Q


M'6G6[8;XA97L


M^I@\K6

M


S(T(V/KF[F9X?
V%F9(M6.



&U;V(R@=MZR\8WB%N)U03#J3&2UT0UD8RDSJ'ITAB%@1M63

Z0


%9YX(![C%_C?LNIE0M6H%S)@9WPW(1ZNI.CZ+.L*=/O8M64V+

S(C2
:/
0F)&17]64=4ZY8JH2(9PM'3C'CP!??
M/W-7_G5^8V\40

MDDPC#._U0Y*B4=)N9*+3JIK/D=_:R.CJ$9%/W8(W
E2C&.4]K140!0;GB4




&]73391;--FPQ%L/L[MO5&\-]I(Z'W;=K(7(?]

NK)&@X
MX[Y%T1)[*V2;&D6H
$!MD
8-2CC'9H
ML

MB8#=


^(?


M!9&:2C6[9/@'4%HRJ+O*FRL)9W#'THMR0=8WZ9%)
&*R=N@6#GB5!($00Y



MV;GCR&
V$!_F+T*CZWA3=H_G+K:A)S@8[&IHQBVC3([C9-6)%Z
=
FRJTM0*


%$UH0F%
MD]:
M51-:

0U5?G( *+Z\#1M
V%'J1_EKJ9IJ#'VE8+:DT4DGU-V+


XJW:)ASQPA/?WFKR L2/FB\DS6N4@
M
-
TI@U#Z(Y_M/26;M4G_#







!@HX/T-^6Y


S



SY+W_D4%-GI=TWD38F;V1^!D'U+'@1\&'G:I+;H7T&-RGC\A
M%(4R.J6 ?1!Y#PD5U1.*L .]QA178NF(?#9A$=-O.%U
UVQ!HWK5$K880]=D








LI? 5HU85?@^@EPU



M45):#

MHI7!==TSTZ3
D:U2$I* B0AWH.1LO=D&W]/<!'J)D._N

F(DY!M




MT(?+6*;7(4I2?4TUPPW[?7*PBZMT(FK7

Y;KQBIA9[V


MOGPHN7EHZA=NMIPN\I]*J5:?&-+T6M%$@RJRL$Z)D^HKB:JZA4L#32=;NBJJ




M\$*3U=8GLFTK






W
 PXT71&C3Q6+I8[FD0C81I7]J5\7$=


WQPI

MMT$\K8+4TB2K/=MH*&:K36?^%)#H 9&5^JI0 K$TBVI/[94BLDZI
[1.ZP'3









+F:C\4\AF-Q/_PH*KX@9IW]
MEH?B:P#?T=P-\\6+4ZI7@^%YF:WWQR %!/SWF#JRT5RUL9K*-V4J/U#+2Z!

 ^R0@#R6KCTA


\Y)GU$OF
ML

%&:P-B;DP03_C7*56@@Y^SG[Z
MQ0YF']CIM6I6SSFOJLEJ@KMS1KF
7\03YU

@$1.WPBO
SBZ\%
MA+[A
^9

MG*('6_R6!)$I70
'KG&4W)$S#L*:7. -%PMHAI79V\:[MX'X=99)8T2?NMC;
M
$7%U^_6R(.+*)K)@P+FWPC^)5VR40R,;A0I*$D^IL?^0U1-1ZY(*6\06J





M15:2


6990?+K#3O6O4-4Y(</B?)GUC-
V8
45=^
I+].




M?\M!+6-7&4(04=ZHSHQHS$4+1&@01Q_&J5JU'WHOO4TQG^PD&&.5)3C-%JY+
M#$JVZ^K&&RUIEDC:-FVS'')
)_SK(B!TN7?#2ZJ0

*.!G\JR



MJQ6F[+'_/=)$AC[Y%U!+ P04     L@HQ
.P88NTHS  #FGP
 %0   &)R

C Q-S$R












=*

WL1+'5 U9W?A=*KA[$FM/;5GAU-Y-R:G?*KQ[(M1:Q

/V\X9N
1*6U.O;XM
ME+4E=[-56PJ$U$59VZ;NG;VS=K*]MJ\#D#4)JGV M9C/9K$-[*X[<A/72X:
M_4A[QJ F^6S6HH3U26YSMSNXTAUL=APV99-\\6].S,4@])9KR.4/#R+,+7






MR.



ME;W3@'^-WBQXF@^%32+RH*1G1CLBQ2!/8 K(.X=$5$!_?3?XL((E(#'V?GV7
M1/
*E&UP*=T^+ A*0EX*\.SKR%KU-*

M+5G$(

MHUTF7D69LX*K%=\SVT[$PZK1M\8Y6+0S!=R1[Q6B!3;
4X_5II%0BQ^EH2WL

MS1![IR@*_7 :JSA5/?ZVZE@&QB()Y
++QBYO+DE8D:6JXI!LUNT!?#XIX1=Q
MZ\ NM]+ZAXJX8H5IM#[T]I
=ONC;KY40PU0(Q!Z?*B-U?2Q\5E2#++Q?+.L#

M
DVY(M
L.@$ O-1T20?A=6K_6#B/XSGV3GAA3PI\=K(E][([53T7O !HHB#B


MJJC=^[/1A/4I\CT?12]C'
\#5F=\1M%=_7S.:$DOY?E=X+N+BDT1UTRM#YRQ
_ #








MY

%M5F-HA*TAUIS;I
M.U5C6 Q9JK^L!G1^:8I$D@BA$UZ
=E63W$UR0[\E-YXK!P
]C64@R48BM4



MD/%0ROJKF3VZ^-KQZFL._UR? -$G0+S:!(CCM;TUFOP(9Q%YQ-XJI_3TV0WF

MXW5JDRTE5;%


M)6YH:2T%:@(:E-=G\[VLOM
M/E2#T11R(E'XL#5FYI#^ZOG!G6]%QLP%@W-4E56



8.437\LQ

MV&OW_CYC9
87U$SQSL
$A5.?(L;5\1'+]_1GR0Z#EL4-AJ+0);0VM #VCY


%B*Z?[8=SBXZK9)C%$4O?C@5/4B6\WB(Y]T.
M;/6)T(])J^'7#M;X%BJCOV&V2-J-]$\3MA[S/

M&29B/T(_9 %L;_C 8M3R_;0V&#YCA$##=

23

'N@2+JW

T4^_QCO'I9XZ6W
]8?YZU
#._X39\
M@FH
2N]E![UR1;IL]K[K/97F]5.]\&,QB@FOE\QD//O.2#DUL:C55.A!V)

M&]&#C$.O3/77F&RILEM_[Y$F&&W!T7M)JK%(WYM:WD K+3


M'(]5C)S0]+&2V!J+G0J^5_$SK #+C7$.8Q?L2A+#.L_EJO3T V(X7I$+\!
MQ2']1SA=/

M:\T$0D 
TUD')B6!/U)L4@SX@KT



6J<[QQ AG5'O(+?B*I:&$IE 4+)='B:,W[IBA0J50X[PA$0X'7B#

MQ2YQHF

XKJG\_U:F?ZMR'Z*IJMJ:*)L;L[




MS:BB=B UGJJ&6BJ

AM.(\R%1FZ95H^VY937(K 
9=,A3R[=\&TSM5X[3)PEXF\5[$M!OR%\ $XYO

K=PLL!

Y
7L0:CG@O_K0Q=
M'$S'14QE-A#W)P

!TUP.
DR[^@SY$7_P=^C].8^3M$O* @GQ_I!. \PB??#;5% W
/.).P<AJHF&G:2\#G





M%37;N:#]H%21YTU6#;65.UR?QE(
 B:L$& 1




MQ@K1E .AM/&KAMY^LG5+Z6P


[1ESSN'TPN,8IPIF^*]4SD<_+-F
M8JA%7+%<?]--#RCH;*N!!E_9[N=V*#S3Q
%TW[0EKIW@:6V%&(-)V;GKI%5


MZ
NJP#@6^K(J&.Z#OJS*;EG5



X[#Y=Q3Q\SCU+=
M/HUU5[656-_(EFR$'$Q/SS=*HPL2QZ
P-8M7EHN$T9))X/FH@EW#D6
AE$^H

XC\



9+_=7IY4L(G]

M@!5
M\6
QB@%\A\=AR@./8GODZG&.5$V!:Q)M[0[&()VK+2V.J'3M9EQ7:
M# 1N-;?)0\A6=$M\[C3!X03?)6

M'!%IXLW*^%Z[MBK'PB6^'&2A9F#17\-W^!@G=-LSS$9W@3]-KV%)=XG#TM.N


32AK  QU('



MZ

0?11
GX
*XA^3($*9B58VUE1C2E



OF.$=LA#)&S/\UQZ&KZ.&L-1FV:5P#
M?V@.]7H58KCNMR79

&-
6?-8]C^LNN(1!079
M6[G%Q:S17L(6U\3
(!L@ M.\+#WHJ]I2N:'0^5
-
$SM(H6UUCX23MD.OM3=
M)W8?^;[PT9T?^*QQB?KRJ1@
_@82P2QBA]TWO7/0UMHS\GFVF*2@O9!1=;=0



_
MI$]J\C9\ER09!NR+%#^5-U]OMIV8C8P)I $60.
R[3

[+1L0ZB0+
M54!:1J YVU(\I=:.(HVP
)A',
M&H$.Z%:POOR8?DAJ^;F;]\MN;=[WX#=RZ0_R389ZQD@-WRK1\.V?&480C-]
MUV%5V4JB\7;
6RFEY4P!;M&:X0MDJW5CWG5JJ%Y1\/TX)M$+552Q5-FN&FK)
M!%4(/5$##?/4.B9SIG+.4)2\7*('Q1U2/1KV'2+#$%J&PQC/YI%[CV(\G$:8



ML
V.^][4\

H-](X+'4'_(P0Z'\?I-/




MUTXD3\T&4AL3H$&\=AD(.8QGGLF0\TZO^
.%^(HJ+9P^JMS3ZO&V8GPU-AC1






M'./


=D!S3%;H1=Z5P$*=;K/M/





KU^\3=-*&&*U+_5-KOLS





MT



_I!J-F2M)AN4C5IZVUO+52)*D .X
M;Y-


Y(Q/[8@NTF_9ZU=TFZZADG01NP$\H

Y *BL^UDOE9J03

MZ\W(5#/*B$0&0'+^1LK$
EG5 3DGXG6**Y<< #QFH:%'TKUC:!/I ]/+?/;F%
MH@\\+J&^$%-

MBD__FOO)RW42^3^5C61U5P#/^%J(/54^TJ#O018Z!QNB))00]SJB\!ZCYX

MU5:MC):_]+V

MW=*;I^]?!




#3GP!J2S3NJ
#BZ!N--[PU@@N%&EBMZ*]RIY6


M89Y


MJ7'KKX9MP:V_CA.T3-PED*I3MC30XEU;(JJ \



S^]BW_-1]'*- CR:\#<4Y+%6

M&:&F\.@11\
@((DR 5@XWE8/8?T]0S2Q
'U$BA_%27R]@/2J)82O2JH=9R

ME6!EF9S@V(U\?NX6#!0M)X1H

$&9Y,L,O2B^BO8\K;:KP.]/$Z72SH)!2UB[9)R[UB4M]
8PHH
M=F7,*2 OA<%B[</ XN?)#&%HT@^[$;
=+#CI!J&W@4%(\A9$9O)A6C55R$0

JJ DBVY 8KPN6I

&
:=61Z1
\P5'$A7H8

M
#$W
3(S




+F*:1#^3LRP\ODQ7V3^3

M6\C]E:91EG^XO6SD/I7E^N?OOOOTZ=.W:?82?


7/GXOX
M7[]JV?CIAV^S_/&[M]]__^:[_^_]U5WX1)^#XSB%/@KI5S472%'QO?GIIY^^
MXW^M227*SP]Y4G_CA^]J=1K)[*^Q@;ZE21'_7'#UKK(P*#G$!C]#M!3PK^.:
M[!A^=?SF[?$/;[[]7$1?U8W/6S#/$GI+5X2;^7/YNF:P+6) W5?5[YYRNE(K
MD^3Y=\#_74H?68]'\*&?X$-O_@D^]%^J7U\%#S3YB@ EPZ+6KI\ZLBJF[UPK

M'Z?!.F9XC_]!H].L*(OEZD.ZSK
7-HCS;$WS
4ZQR@](;_!!!Z









2 P4-)MI2HHI97<4J7J].<1G%I#%NJ%W1:]H&RXR%1JX
M:%7KPP4(2;8B@A39]*4N@C.(G+5U.ZF8+0:;:85M%.LI=$A08O6M7D@ +'


MSD40Y_P2R0DS*2@V.4_7N



4HP&OCPH7%862GXR5C%Y;4C

G/IC:J*L'*CEY
M):U_-1((%X%S*KU


X5/UP *CZP0)5/QP JMZ.1M5;+*AZ.PY5;P\ 56\M4/46
M&:JN@Y*YE

@0X

M;O1=W$M*AO+NE#:]:LSB)L(XUI FV6?-ZQ-$%9*8$]#/



MI-LKX\/3D8'873+ID

MPF\BD6E)%.FPA7T[0%.Q

)-=_01YEBF
M
.OG


*672A)+!9X,J@%N%'_VC@^]3O*6
MGU$10;;?'=P)5%&\A2J*OV0)U)*$DH]!:LB)&.)PYB[9J=[X3&9R[^PU[$/

8J-WET0RJO
V@T9+B0
N@?E+6#&= GB]S





= 2X#81?6

M_GJ=E50_N:CIG
TL)C6;:45%Y!T%0YHIZJE4I 1H]Y^8%%'6]=!^M&4D01


#&@P9.-EM(UCX:' -/Q94HJ
M-AQ(NZ7P5!:-SH



BFZ/JU14WH$QJ)KZ



2CXR2D*WGYOB8(MH1\4]!55HZF0HBGFI#H:/O






M=M_]_R&-:/X)UHSTT?RZG([2&0;
JC8H4)/AP(%1MSX2VL1.7HY;ED\T/\T*


[?W;6\PJEFMYN_0U'#\L*]7N54;R2M_]TQ-//


J:?**(3U'#B.71^*G;!?F]*$
_?KMZQ2*TTX0[5*





MZ0\7-/SV
7OY+J(QN

MSUZ^86YRQM8Z7A[(8$N/SG6_*]7L Z!#A H)*LVTD!#$S(40Y9A\H&/!%(EX









ULR-EAW3(

9U


P[!
Y??U#J6#G^8\.!1H0*=623B+N[L[O[S!!H8H/
M6%HG4/#(VZ
CYZA

MUW7=4VMS^B51!QG1P&Z
MMH;PR'\0+?L. Y

CB
M=%:S4+XSN1GHT8#-0DEI8:Q82-[PX$#734[701R=?U[3M*!F6&EHW=;&-ZC;

59-ZA(U)F7;H%'1



M




%6NX0.M@
6^H-* 
(00L-(R;080&N^L8B

M
)F6E#5@63UN4%U@6#S#%D#3/M-$N7W+<KJQW5<MQ\M!
M ^


#1ZZ:XJE)=/A$C93_^_MOO__^
M#=L=YN0%^.!MMZ/OO^?_3PI1078E$]9'O^#1D=L+JM_&T
9P8BOW=E^*JSL
MYAQ6%62
MT$E

M/[$_ ]!^_



H4F9A@
M@BNW9TI.#RZ\66H[&$8&%VPP1











MQ&D!(X@6RY37RM^$Y29GABU79_1!&[$?9'/JW%L:T?'N!WC0(
Y242DJS]@(








IBHQ#KPS







M


L?

MEO$+O[
_ 




P

MB8RHPHE


ME3E68&PS(EZP]=IJ
K.X8XEK5K3/4QV1






9C% \VLA%5C5.QKY$





X@N+.N5U
M
.S3HT2@1LE1X



6Y


Y:\WI4[A\*DU24RVDW
M)(A@H=)KH*H,%FC44R4]F8_;C/ATD@3XDBR8I/3@55N=[&NMTES-$+?;]M%




M^BVE?=_?ULSG]WF0%BN:+U?

MB\_9#

3FP$Q712J8;S&<KC/RX1<!STJDN3



@5$&=1(%K#C1P'&4

!G![_9*W4BS



M+EFG).\LU:T3/DL3=)WUG42B&2SSV$[_T(JX6+9V-D*/B*5Z
^=KAT(L23



/&B09JFH'%X3P33.1]J
Z&8VG85C_.(1








MO@[

MG9:8&&M6I\*$+3



MN+U(.\&\[F7:$0+00'.*UM(S-5L9?-'M2




MZJ/B@WB[O'# 8KS]7.LQ3P&B204555CA9(U]@[Q.0T*]_*@$Z6OI$##:BL
MU)2R^-M

M




M7(YQ!V3)ZZ48DHTYRJ)()D9LZ!NC]
'62M(^&V W]]FSHW@ PF)NM.7%AM:1



W

M

O1!#C0.EYD*?
EN*&YKPVC=VJ/
CE



1?5*2Z'
M ]5-4/4#LR@O@SB%\W
C?



M]M5







-
O!3(:8W)^U$$6HN
:(9&AHDX\F

7# Q



'SYRI5&

U@


M&A'3S-8



-A&-

MGTE+!HDJ(5T(_HQC!KU
0W$O.$@Z1I9E'C]L2AZQSDZ9'75*2QK5)_R:T;N3
M1


MPG1I^((%
]@B7_&O11)@X[
&6WX/2[NG-#.YW?3;
'=(T
U
MIM6Z*0=R0TH$+6#G@D;

-
_S:IR5-4;#T





BSFM
MD?Q-)KLZ_Q^^'+-'**BK5:CZ5DWYQP].NXOY30//WYFUE






K)$I$ZJSO2)7FE?W
&&
MB#6&J&/%F11$.]PA(').KO17@W85BGT@R VPZUC82O2^-
QJ1G\P7
-!8#
4

L
MC\O7VI];?DII7CS%ZQO*&C8M@T=Z\GH3M(LB]EIKE 27H)Y@6AO*(]C1[&3'

M$GX!Q=!G/,:!XOH;YNB%-D$ P]I#/X= &LU&]/048&[Y :H^4 O
B*R2 O
M( 0'TNHWR-M548RO'9L8W-9J&U*\6[E-1XT&78
J2CYCM5)5E?]26O)')QZ#
M.(4 
:)7C849[VGYE$67Z0NMQH[L)6N:9@2_2PB.-JN-2&MF-  =JW$?KX*?

M(#)L

7^B0X5BY\W.O3*JQ_ID.GQ




M_BB;
C0PDVQ7

OD^



I.:
M3:1








ML&'TD8XV;(@J*4W/Y1UQHU65$




MK+34V(J?#&JZ&RSAU;X'^ABG*9RP


MUD+U;EQ22XX&D\
ZFMY2YS.IV/ S9R'' C%I
[D-4XA[*+:;4)G/ZZ9?9X9Q
MS]]G0@
]6TU- .PXJUP($G=4/K21 AJJ0ZO!HY\!*;ZJ!(PPT7PN9Q2!![J3



MT]M$K:74AJT8*+K

3EN.=L0KK)M17


:VD(J&+R\(JA57+EAEZC1H&I0136BJMK[X$$!

U0=4V@!1D:,:Q7C=Y%_22)2^\J&E.H[@D%T%8+0Y';/<CQ. $%BQ




M ZMG)(MW)QQ&&K


MT6!P@M)]F%;DY*&F)V'%@ ^T%JW@#W1#H$()&NTI:LK#X*$(:&:;DNW%^-67
MO5UUV^IT(N;




M

M05


M:?$IR*

/\K#2P.V
MI]?=B\&9Y]:[


CI






MXN$FW=MXUG\:W\




MD;Y)][X_DC^-RU]Q9J_]MJ@E M$PGVNZE!O(-%TZ\3Q&JW2PGL;$QM^;9S%2


X






MPNT^C=3AY]T\9?QFFK/KPKXT.MODS'T3EHA]5.M8L3E2U$[)$P0YG7$G&]H9


):D4
:N=
;



MB@8'
8JG-^TL0WK\Y[^8\3W9=.U@MXIR? G#O7LX[;QC^I__
@:ZNE'=C/+N

M&0B3#:QUMHMF4/[?N4(9#WGVR*?+-V^KR?+D=OGNC_K3K:-



NN*K;LOY@ USMOA\
M/-K*+2










]D@![;#&]_):O*T]DKO-U-



T*ZSEXED]Y'2XS-I9Q/

MB_+UAJE?

%*T?

RIL6[G)'8MMH$P5[1/;DA
MC*@?+16O2S75%#EGO99#GH/\(RU! A\G;
@4C0CR1)
(XBUEOBE*$H1AMD$[
MBN1E[Y86-'^A!9LO%F&8;X*D8+]BMH0E?P7CE*U_C]K$A3D_@
RW&MDP(STJ


M&EMF[; +M)/B'YA3]X
V(K59)NF_H'N#%L6CFH.#*TQYZ74J
C5F59U8%5





I
W)R^\NI
$B9<H7&X:-J_@Y+HN;+(G#UWOZN3QA'LE'1=^,E(MSZ:I+_4E

@DOPNI!


M'*E




1_ D@\7(



A'.0FL/C6=?=YB'+V180

M5G5G_?[
6;V$UZI7.6&[GF20#Z)/J]&3XNJB03TU+Y/RHQ7!04I(@GD 'O*[
MYX28W^A#$9?TC+[0)./7($W[82
ULGZR4!6E.TC701R=/Z^3[)76;S#)04
-
M':X^





S@%HJ/P%]S\1GVW_H[)
W2X_I+



M5]_;*2M?06VXY)OY@Q5V]]51)VQK*@(6S#VN@O^%/OAC)L?535:Z*G9L];D'



QR\H)C
M*=^RB%\!3[&F8;QB/F:+F?W(E$V9,TJKTA!/P0N%X#)0EUPSBD$0D0[ )U7



]EOHM7()-PW@-CA@SAC< [:M]
M5*7HB


7T


M/Q[F]%
E@3
5]3=$A[0^\RV_

M7X/G]3^_^THTFP*5/N;KY9J7W7G'3^-[9:Z4!+CF78UVTNK))T5.2QZ!UD_(

M5_C5 DJA701Q#A4Z*?.A-\_Y-,@2?COY,RHO7P&5[_OU48IPLD$2Z*M#]'




/\


VC.4S:N^+
;0/-&/@6:+@M7E^UN2+^3A42(
MJ[W]_LU?R8I&;.N9$
C.J.\ 0.']UELESCW?^JD!\:3**1ROJ-_0ZQ X?AVF


]

[;RY P+EDR%J'D-RAE*


MZJF3JE+-RLFI_ANB1I=4DE
S!(&GYGQ'4]BO@IL=04*AR-A[H569454K#[ @



W2]K;Q
M/NM:H[JMO-\O'11J=S)P*D!Y0!;.R!C^VJ5-*AVD
  N?-[DV2HN=8[?]J^(
M
M_KMW3P:IZY/

@V@.ME95L:IR!O)US?H-
^!T$:8GP%6NCY6E0/#%'_26.



MB)CYG
PAO

$S

M/^_S=D@0
H


(7P3(O14]905(Z)N&Z=OOP];Y3/9MJP10%H2






MLMC9''J@JWLQ.#FLXZ:FIK@Z
SO(9];AD*;F?9D^!?:%_=3=*
7/P[A:7^P(
MN

/[/%SEQT

$
NM6$F6$\[LL[:RT:H.

M RN

M=MXHS8V]VI*$?O0-/-RAID3?@1/ZZ9HBZ TQ'[3T8EI938I=%IS]8]34:II$

#$W
3(S
M


;



1N&L7_

M

675 TE]SPT:S[AV%$/39PN6
'R3\7R\
M8AL:Q56+V?(13$][/+]-(^_;0Q3

MOC) AY





MH!T2-XG)RO5G%S]6)$S4:U#0O$MA(@';2^FAJSXYZMIV.)6K\)$RG6WH5^%6

5FP.:H3%?;H\P_Q@??:X


[ELG+&VS6BF[F




ML:Z9Z-0


'LU;5S[3/3!





MJI&418N7*QY)]\)[\(.-'
WC:*G+RH)MD8*0
G?I% X.P1DE)&;WTAGY\9_D
M289!I2D0A&-\* BHM@'#FHX[.FP]]W=; )E^@HGI=33:Y/6$Q'Y$*9B=ET[V

WH

;*^ET@:[S[*8D7CI





M-\!&2C$.4


MS8)W/QJO@X(4VO@@*[6WA!TM'$PW L-.%T/['(MP9P%?VLO3)HPP$;X<?


MKU'P$:#X&C-:M'AYTN43CI57FC7X84K6!XJ@














HVY*E+

M7]07/XQB7A
O5QI&X6QWE-RKZPM)'Z(9:-4?=!+6$WBU/- /CM?S$''*BH+#



MFO^HF.$=4S$ E!3M5*NO(KY&EJ 6/)5\1[L4E5WH

M8*EI:CO(N DF0HIQ )(0*T1]'-=CAQ$Z! G



MS'EN^_
5.ROIV9O=![XWGE
MK_[&PHGL;GS;65J J';-T
&YR4YV%O II_)C




MYB@J]#+1WX J=6@A%.SZOK9-Z88@EC$*![ [3P/
EA]Z?D!V-J^[J+.3V\S7




HNIJ/6-^UX(@9 _6




FKJW/90







.^=ZI\
M9X/ I4,3(:?)GQZGK(QHDLDCI_H:A!5;9RK-(=*@V8/.&T./
\RF
=0A@T



KOAIJ&#6-J9F
MOPZEOZY#R6)MY@'QTBF9$;)D@7N4F(@; \A
DE&)?:##\:'H&[/E=09E9(0_




 -F%9



M)_6STSI
]4:QO+!6%8SH6BSLMZS/WRN



=QF-8M'G
M2429CN5(:Q+2Q

MN+5\5+P[VC
9RW90BKS;N):I-H:3BL?5\9LCAXWD\*'8$^]F
LL//H+U
GWU/?5V.8%E)


M  =7RW%M'G#0J9^6IPXY]]H.;/LX[$16]H_-;KB-90_XW8UC5WACK#@F'7\X


M

M9*:;ADN/+SB26^\$]H



A




M.

MLW@[K[B#_%X6






M!YQ;6?KM7+PYF.Y=*Q*;

N8I.'=7P



MI05[

V



XUZ7S:Z/L)J#N:_U6  4/



KL&Z\H$87F9A55^*%Y07WA[


M=_V\[XWHKS



M!


M

M!89



/\SK-])Y'[X7;JYXORX.A[ @$

:?K_5BD[YP8ZJ?+I()7?O


(\+-_M




MX.P

S
8K$O.)*B

M;[

M?8[-XSI*DG'(8GGNHCRB!R0*V@/9]N0QBWQ#OB+4%.22.R6/))29?IN
9=MU


MUWI9T]=>/.K&M.9$U3G
3


,H3_XGWKC5/?L2@/E


4!P8261(#
M8?;NM+NA2F]


:\+

YG
8%L= I0&VVHSVZJ=P.DMM7;[#[Q9[X;/^5F1&YEDC\!2[KT84M04X'#


MO(HF])['U_37T$_E+D7U3:W;^;4Y+*8%TP$R?B3Q* BBW
*S8N2HY%[2Q;J!



M08=BW?2[]#;LH0S2LLBBOU_NA5$M(7!TAB49



M]MT +!7P(:R;A=OX_DO9\@PDP7UBG$D*@^R::GY%EVT)LEZVC3L:ZU]-/([-




(=IUR M=O87R


M']N71C-K2LTE'&AJ MD.0V
70:/[HA*^]E6-[:1B+ZGPL&BMDWV]Y\.14XSB


K[:
7J$


M]2\/'(V7[ \<.= FS%1YSB*W]UKJ_/D)D2MI-/
M1D%0% W?_J0T*$#[8[C*]M*LH ?08%Q =DU%;%P8PCQQV 6&

M/$(/6'E&_KJ&MJ\IH* Y
86F/);H!WD2
?9-MM@4=8N$S6U?)
#LE5&+[\YW




MB[!B(6EBD+O[@FT?PZ;RT#6/VSIXWY$810R4B
X;TF0GY+ULG_^=;QDE7O3?


8
MQY



9QE_B+X*9QF5&




MA$J)67-W/>'NM7D-5GZY$[2_




FY&A.7%3%_) '5YF;2<#9II[X\@0 HQP%1Q:X?5#(L]%KV&K
M76T;[[0+LG9@ 2UBC]QQ0[<U/M:

MV-9C#*YN$;\





MLJ-M?0V

M;J*J*RJH


#CCU


3G
M@I[6FI5TL7UL:J )6Y





+R5(WLI0/Q6
M?N.F5(+&\V(CDS_BU#;N$0ZU\\?Q]LVW=W\YX3&V/#OO392. O9%2H_J50;6
M&P=2$HG;KW8)HLJ


MV3WE@1^R[.
Z/%=VL^V:N8\D $X#H A.2$EM)C)DZLAN2 =I(#GK('PRE[
M


M9-NBHI$F4$DZ1HSH$4I&2V8C@@)4[F$[8JPA.E6B
4*S]M^84AHYH;
)B3W&
MWH7D'5UG#-O[8=/%!6 
1D_,.=/IN+2*4,!W.UC6U5O%@=X3@ *GD-LBDK

M$+./UC%KPAQ\L
)@@U]Y[-]YZJ@S9/TL?^K4#=C=2IU56]4)RFG+:;5AM!MB
M/*MQFFU=^DL?OHM.XP=/P'IU-RCS+9=9A]*/Q:7^-HV\;P]10)F7L+0W5.L&


M0E41L_JFUJVZVNP6TX+I\ETB0QUQ5=L8R7X%.5MJYX\CX$'C$$%[9DAD20R$

M)B2^?7!E&0JA_?N2@$/'Q@QY!-,1EGZ$,4LL044NVJ_WOBQP!B  RR6Z4*

M






)S//Q


TX2Y/4#5DBV=\)BZHBL]$C
MB=T%F1)VF/($LR'W^




-RW+-9^RGOZR



M:J[Q!FN\G!_)+X[I@_FUAI;M)VE IX =*'TX6G6[D+1Q+SS98(@(/'&C9DQ
MXK&^N,_[5Z



**O$3A#-%E?SH[G'0E6RQQ=
M44(0T=5.&EH#FM*#:1].*Q;XWYFYG
KK.HO?]^*_54D!WQ]7K/$?CISU:-NL
M@)M?D*0%7


=5=C5L;
MQD74UBC&^+K'3VX@.*=

6:PL
=[08L 02:-(9G4I_!


LJ6PU%;?
M]MK8=M(&\*^6*D

M:/:/+$G95+=O?F(Y472SK@E#@0:1CP.I(086;U)/J_&K0P;?P\2 'B#[[-*
MJ/G3Y*+ FN#38!X)JTX*I['KY0_$HWFY['PNN*Q\/'(.9V.SIQ\0

M


M)
X4VVFQY^#Q7

M=GBP:)6W










SJ_]1_[NGS
M.S;VEM

4     L@HQ
\013
MQOL3  #XV   $0              @ %F*0$ 8G)O9RTR
#$W
3(S


4     L@HQ
WWAT#R=0  !$
MB04 %0              @ 'Z]P$ 8G)O9RTR
#$W
3(S

3!@     &  8 B@$  %1( @    $!
end



