

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001019687-14-001027
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20131231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140327
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Black Ridge Oil & Gas
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001490161
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				272345075
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53952
		FILM NUMBER:		14720241
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10275 WAYZATA BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			MINNETONKA
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55305
		BUSINESS PHONE:		952-426-1241
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10275 WAYZATA BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			MINNETONKA
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55305
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ante5
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100422









     








 D.C. 20549

&#9746; &nbsp;ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR
15(D) OF



2013






as in its charter)



    
    
    

    
    
    


10275 Wayzata Blvd. Suite 100
 Minnetonka
Minnesota 55305

(Zip Code)



 including
area code


of the Exchange Act: None

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: 




        
        

        
        

    
    

    
    



if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
&nbsp;&nbsp;No



if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
&nbsp;&nbsp;No



whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
&nbsp;&nbsp;No



electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files).
&nbsp;&nbsp;No



delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s
knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K.


is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
&ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.



    
    
    
    
    


        
        
    
    
    
    



(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
&nbsp;&nbsp;No



of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $27
590
151 as of June&nbsp;30
 2013 (computed by reference
to the last sale price of a share of the registrant&rsquo;s Common Stock on that date as reported by OTC Bulletin Board).


979
990 shares outstanding
of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock as of March 26
 2014.


    
    

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS


following discussion to inform our existing and potential security holders generally of some of the risks and uncertainties that
can affect our company and to take advantage of the &ldquo;safe harbor&rdquo; protection for forward-looking statements that applicable
federal securities law affords.


our management or persons acting on our behalf may make forward-looking statements to inform existing and potential security holders
about our company. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this report regarding our financial position
business strategy
 plans and objectives of management for future operations and industry conditions are forward-looking statements.
When used in this report
 forward-looking statements are generally accompanied by terms or phrases such as &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;predict
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;target
&rdquo;
&ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;seek
&rdquo; &ldquo;goal
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;may&rdquo;
or other words and similar expressions that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Items making assumptions regarding
actual or potential future sales
 market size
 collaborations
 trends or operating results also constitute such forward-looking
statements.


involve inherent risks and uncertainties
 and important factors (many of which are beyond our control) that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements include the following:




low trading volume and illiquidity of our common stock
 and possible application of the SEC&rsquo;s penny stock rules;





material defaults on monetary obligations owed us
 resulting in unexpected losses;



inadequate capital to acquire working interests in oil and gas prospects and to participate in the drilling and production
of oil and other hydrocarbons;





failure to discover or produce commercial quantities of oil
 natural gas or other hydrocarbons;

cost overruns incurred on our oil and gas prospects
 causing unexpected operating deficits;







litigation
 disputes and legal claims involving outside parties; and




forward-looking statements on our current expectations and assumptions about future events. While our management considers these
expectations and assumptions to be reasonable
 they are inherently subject to significant business
 economic
 competitive
 regulatory
and other risks and uncertainties
 most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Accordingly
results actually achieved may differ materially from expected results in these statements. Forward-looking statements speak only
as of the date they are made. You should consider carefully the statements in &ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors&rdquo; and other sections
of this report
 which describe factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those set forth in the forward-looking
statements.


to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this report. We assume no obligation
to update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this report
other than as may be required by applicable law or regulation. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures
made by us in our reports filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) which attempt
to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operation and
cash flows. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize
 or if the underlying assumptions prove incorrect
 our actual
results may vary materially from those expected or projected.



    
    






    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

        

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

        

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

        

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Directors
 Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

        

    
    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    
    
    





    
    








gas exploration and production company. Our properties are located in North Dakota and Montana. Our corporate strategy is the acquisition
exploration
 development and production of crude oil and natural gas properties
 primarily in the Bakken and Three Forks trends
in North Dakota and Montana. As of December&nbsp;31
 2013
 we had proven oil and gas reserves of 4.5 million barrels of oil equivalents
owned interest in 153 gross (4.87 net) producing oil and gas wells
 and controlled the rights to mineral leases covering approximately
14
300 net acres for prospective drilling to the Bakken and/or Three Forks formations.



provides a summary of important information regarding our assets:



As
    of December&nbsp;31
 2013

    
Productive
                                         Wells
Average
                                         Daily Production 
    
    

Net
    Acres 
    
    
    
Pro
    Forma 
Proved
    Reserves
PV-10
    

    
    
    
(Boe
    per day)
(000's
    Boe)
($
    000)

14
300
    
    
    
    
4
538
74
377



Includes leases encompassing approximately 4
200 net acres that we estimate will expire in 2014

Represents average daily production over the three months ended December&nbsp;31
 2013

Includes production of the CPX acquisition for the period from October 31
 2013 to December&nbsp;13
&nbsp;2013
the date of the acquisition

PV-10 is a non-GAAP financial measure. For further information and reconciliation to the most directly
comparable GAAP measure
 see &ldquo;Item 2. Properties-Proved Reserves.&rdquo;


 we are pursuing the following
objectives:

















2012
 we changed our name to Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. Our common stock is traded on the OTCQB under the trading symbol &ldquo;ANFC.&rdquo;






2013
 the Company closed the acquisition (the &ldquo;Acquisition&rdquo;) of oil and gas leasehold interests and related
assets and contractual rights (the &ldquo;Acquired Properties&rdquo;) from CP Exploration
 LP (&ldquo;CPX&rdquo;)
 a Texas
domestic limited partnership
 for $20
680
031 of cash
 net of purchase price adjustments (the &ldquo;Purchase Price&rdquo;).
The Company funded the Purchase Price of the Acquisition with proceeds from borrowings under its existing credit facilities
and cash on hand. The leasehold interests cover approximately 2
040 net acres in the Williston Basin of North Dakota and
interests in 43 gross (0.92 net) producing wells. The effective date of the Acquisition was October 1
 2013.




the Acquired Properties was funded with borrowings from our credit agreements (the &ldquo;Credit Facilities&rdquo;). On December
13
 2013
 we amended the Credit Facilities to facilitate the acquisition.


    
    


with Cadence Bank
 N.A. (the &ldquo;Bank&rdquo;) (the &ldquo;Senior Credit Facility&rdquo;) was amended in December 2013 to add
properties acquired in the Acquisition to the mortgage and increase the borrowing base from $7
000
000 to $18
000
000 and further
amended in March 2014 to reflect adjustments to several of the covenants to further account for the Acquisition (collectively
the &ldquo;Amendment&rdquo;). In addition
 the Amendment provides that
 for purposes of determining compliance with financial covenants
the Company&rsquo;s EBITDAX
 as defined in the agreement
 for the third and fourth quarters of 2013 will be subject to pro forma
adjustment to include EBITDAX results for the third and fourth quarters of 2013 attributable to properties acquired in the Acquisition.
The Amendment also makes changes to the Maximum Net Debt to EBITDAX Ratio and the Net Collateral Coverage Ratio. Whereas the Senior
Credit Facility initially provided for a Maximum Net Debt to EBITDAX Ratio of 3.50 to 1.00 as of the end of each quarter commencing
with the quarter ended September&nbsp;30
 2013
 the Amendment revises the Maximum Net Debt to EBITDAX Ratio to 3.75 to 1.00 for the
quarter ending March&nbsp;31
 2014
 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ending June&nbsp;30
 2014 and September&nbsp;30
 2014
 4.00 to 1.00 for the
quarter ending December&nbsp;31
 2014
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
 2015 and thereafter. The Amendment revises
the Collateral Coverage Ratio definition to be consistent with the changes in calculation in the Subordinated Credit Facility and
the ratio to be not less than 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June&nbsp;30
 2014
 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarters ending September
30
 2014 and December&nbsp;31
 2014
 and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
 2015 and thereafter
 in order to be consistent
with the Subordinated Credit Facility.


with Chambers Energy Management
 LP
 as administrative agent (&ldquo;Chambers&rdquo;)
 and several other lenders (the &ldquo;Subordinated
Credit Facility&rdquo;) was amended in December of 2013 (the &ldquo;Subordinated Credit First Amendment&rdquo;) to provide that
for purposes of determining compliance with certain financial covenants
 Consolidated EBITDA will be subject to pro forma adjustments
for (i) the actual earnings derived from properties acquired or disposed of in a material transaction as permitted under the credit
agreement
 as if the material transaction occurred on the first day of the applicable determination period and (ii) the actual
earnings derived from the properties acquired under the Acquisition as if such Acquisition had occurred on July 1
 2013. In addition
the Subordinated Credit First Amendment changed the reference to the amount under the First Lien Carve Out from $10
000
000 to
$18
000
000. The Subordinated Credit Facility was amended again in March of 2014 (the &ldquo;Subordinated Credit Second Amendment&rdquo;)
to make several additional changes to definitions and our covenants. The changes to the Subordinated Credit Facility as a result
the addition of the defined term &ldquo;In Process Well Costs&rdquo;
to describe certain costs paid or accrued by us for drilling and completion costs of a well in process for purposes of calculating
Reserve Value; (ii) the revision of the definition of Collateral Coverage Ratio to take into account In Process Well Costs in the
calculation of the ratio; (iii) a change in the value assigned to Proved Undeveloped Reserves for purposes of calculating Reserve
Value from 50% (subject to a cap) to 0%; (iv) revisions to the Minimum Collateral Coverage Ratio (initially 1.25 to 1.00) for purposes
of our covenants to be 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June&nbsp;30
 2014
 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarters ending September 30
2014 and December&nbsp;31
 2014
 and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31
 2015 and thereafter; and (v) revisions to the applicable
Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio (initially 3.50 to 1.00) for purposes of our covenants to 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March
31
 2014
 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ending June&nbsp;30
 2014 and September 30
 2014
 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December
31
 2014
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31
 2015 and thereafter.




resolutions authorizing the Company to implement a reverse stock split of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding shares of Common Stock
at a ratio of up to 1:10 and any related amendment to the Company&rsquo;s certificate of incorporation. Our stockholders have also
approved the amendment by written consent.


or a committee of the Board of Directors has the authority to decide whether to implement a reverse stock split and the exact amount
of the split within the foregoing range
 if it is to be implemented. If the reverse split is implemented
 the number of issued
and outstanding shares of Common Stock would be reduced in accordance with the exchange ratio selected by the Board of Directors
or a committee thereof. The total number of authorized shares of Common Stock will be reduced proportionately as a result of the
reverse stock split and the total number of shares of authorized preferred stock will remain unchanged at 20
000
000 shares.


split would
 among other things
 (i) better enable the Company to obtain a listing on a national securities exchange
 (ii) facilitate
higher levels of institutional stock ownership
 where investment policies generally prohibit investments in lower-priced securities
and (iii) better enable the Company to raise funds to finance its planned operations. There can be no assurance however that we
will be able to obtain a listing on a national securities exchange even if we implement the reverse stock split.

AS OF THE DATE OF THIS FILING
 OUR BOARD
HAS NOT TAKEN ANY ACTION TO MAKE THE POTENTIAL REVERSE STOCK SPLIT EFFECTIVE.


    
    




focus is the acquisition
 exploration
 development and production of crude oil and natural gas properties
 primarily in the Bakken
and Three Forks trends in North Dakota and Montana. As of February&nbsp;28
 2014
 we controlled approximately 12
040 net acres in the
Williston Basin. In addition
 the Company owned working interests in 224 gross wells representing 6.67 net wells that are preparing
to drill
 drilling
 awaiting completion
 completing or producing.


and connections of our personnel in the Williston Basin region
 we believe that we are able to create value through opportunistic
acreage acquisitions. We believe our business model enhances our ability to identify and acquire high value acreage in the rapidly
developing Bakken and Three Forks trends. Because we purchase minority interests in multiple drilling units
 we are able to diversify
our risk across numerous wells. We believe that our prospective success revolves around our ability to acquire mineral leases and
participate in drilling activities by virtue of our ownership of such rights and through our experience and the relationships we
have developed in the Williston Basin.


working interest partner
 we participate in drilling activities primarily on a heads-up basis. Before a well is spud
 an operator
is required to offer all mineral lease owners in the designated well spacing unit the right to participate in the drilling and
production of the well. Drilling costs and revenues from oil and gas sales are split pro-rata based on acreage ownership in the
designated drilling unit. We rely on our operator partners to identify specific drilling sites
 permit
 and engage in the drilling
process. As a non-operator we are focused on maintaining a low overhead structure.


value through selectively targeting acquisition of acreage positions with attractive returns on the capital employed by evaluating
amongst other factors
 reserve potential
 operator performance
 anticipated well costs and anticipated operating expenses.


gas reserves were 4.5 million barrel of oil equivalents (BOE&rsquo;s) as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2.4 million BOE&rsquo;s as of
December&nbsp;31
 2012.




in crude oil and natural gas exploration and production by participating on a pro-rata basis with operators in wells drilled and
completed in spacing units that include our acreage under lease. We are generally a minority working interest owner in our wells.
We typically depend on drilling partners to propose
 permit and engage the drilling of wells. Prior to commencing drilling
 our
partners are required to provide all owners of mineral interests within the designated spacing unit the opportunity to participate
in the drilling costs and revenues of the well to the extent of their pro-rata share of such interest within the spacing unit.
We will assess each drilling opportunity on a case-by-case basis going forward. We will participate in wells that we expect to
meet our return thresholds based upon our estimates of ultimate recoverable crude oil and natural gas and other factors. At present
time
 we expect to participate in the majority of the wells proposed to us
 but will either sell our lease interests or decline
drilling opportunities that we believe will not meet our return criteria over a long-term horizon.


our commodities marketing activities internally
 but our operating partners generally market and sell crude oil and natural
gas produced from wells in which we have an interest. Our operating partners coordinate the transportation of our crude oil
production from our wells to appropriate distribution points pursuant to arrangements that such partners negotiate and
maintain with various parties purchasing the production. We understand that our partners generally sell our production to a
variety of purchasers at prevailing market prices under separately negotiated short-term contracts. The price at which
production is sold generally is tied to the spot market for crude oil. Williston Basin Light Sweet Crude from the Bakken
source rock is generally 41-42 API crude oil and is readily accepted into the pipeline infrastructure.


    
    




gas industry is intensely competitive
 and we compete with numerous other crude oil and natural gas exploration and production
companies. Most of these companies have substantially greater resources than we have. Our competitors not only explore for and
produce crude oil and natural gas
 but many also conduct midstream and refining operations and market petroleum products on a regional
national or worldwide basis. These additional operations may enable them to pay more for exploratory prospects and productive crude
oil and natural gas properties than us. They also may have more resources to define
 evaluate
 bid for and purchase a greater number
of properties and prospects than our financial or human resources permit.


competitors may have the resources to absorb the burden of existing and changing federal
 state
 and local laws and regulations
more easily than we can
 which would adversely affect our competitive position. Our ability to discover reserves and acquire additional
properties in the future will depend on our ability to evaluate and select suitable properties and to consummate transactions in
this highly competitive environment. In addition
 we may be at a disadvantage in acquiring crude oil and natural gas properties
and bidding for exploratory prospects because we have fewer financial and human resources than other companies in our industry.




oil and natural gas depends on factors beyond our control
 including the extent of domestic production and imports of crude oil
and natural gas
 the proximity and capacity of natural gas pipelines and other transportation facilities
 demand for crude oil
and natural gas
 the marketing of competitive fuels and the effects of state and federal regulation. The crude oil and natural
gas industry also competes with other industries in supplying the energy and fuel requirements of industrial
 commercial and individual
consumers.


is expected to be sold at prices tied to the spot crude oil markets. Our natural gas production is expected to be sold under short-term
contracts and priced based on first of the month index prices or on daily spot market prices. We rely on our operating partners
to market and sell our production. Our operating partners include a variety of exploration and production companies
 from large
publicly-traded companies to small
 privately-owned companies.

Principal Agreements Affecting Our Ordinary
Business


real estate
 but
 instead
 our acreage is comprised of leasehold interests subject to the terms of lease agreements that provide
our company the right to drill and maintain wells in specific geographic areas. All lease arrangements that comprise our acreage
positions are established using industry-standard terms that have been established and used in the crude oil and natural gas industry
in North Dakota. Most of our leases are acquired from other parties that obtained the original leasehold interest prior to our
acquisition of the leasehold interest.


 our lease
agreements stipulate three to five year terms including extension options. Bonuses and royalty rates are negotiated on a case-by-case
basis consistent with industry standard pricing. Once a well is drilled
 or production is established
 depending on the lease terms
the acreage in a well&rsquo;s drilling unit is considered &ldquo;held by production
&rdquo; meaning the lease on that particular
acreage continues as long as oil or gas is being produced. Generally
 other locations within the drilling unit created for a well
may also be drilled at any time with no time limit as long as the lease is held by production. In the event a lease is not developed
prior to lease expiration
 the Company completes an economic evaluation of the expiring lease and makes a strategic decision to
exercise an available option
 attempt to extend the lease
 or allow it to expire. As a result of these evaluations and taking into
consideration other acquisition opportunities available to the Company
 we expect a portion of our leases will expire prior to
being held by production. The Company had leases encompassing 543 net acres expire in 2013 and no leases expire in 2012. We estimate
that leases encompassing approximately 4
210 net acres will expire in 2014
 including 2
741 acres with extension options that the
Company does not plan to exercise. All of the costs associated with the lease expirations in 2013 and the leases we estimate will
expire in 2014 have been transferred to the full cost pool and were subject to depletion.


    
    

Governmental Regulation and Environmental
Matters


subject to various rules
 regulations and limitations impacting the crude oil and natural gas exploration and production industry
as a whole.

Regulation of Crude Oil and Natural
Gas Production


gas exploration
 production and related operations
 when developed
 are subject to extensive rules and regulations promulgated
by federal
 state
 tribal and local authorities and agencies. For example
 North Dakota and Montana require permits for drilling
operations
 drilling bonds and reports concerning operations
 and impose other requirements relating to the exploration and production
of crude oil and natural gas. Such states may also have statutes or regulations addressing conservation matters
 including provisions
for the unitization or pooling of crude oil and natural gas properties
 the establishment of maximum rates of production from wells
and the regulation of spacing
 plugging and abandonment of such wells. Failure to comply with any such rules and regulations can
result in substantial penalties. The regulatory burden on the crude oil and natural gas industry will most likely increase our
cost of doing business and may affect our profitability. Although we believe we are currently in substantial compliance with all
applicable laws and regulations
 because such rules and regulations are frequently amended or reinterpreted
 we are unable to predict
the future cost or impact of complying with such laws. Significant expenditures may be required to comply with governmental laws
and regulations and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.




properties are subject to extensive and changing federal
 state and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection
including the generation
 storage
 handling
 emission
 transportation and discharge of materials into the environment
 and relating
to safety and health. The recent trend in environmental legislation and regulation generally is toward stricter standards
 and
this trend will likely continue. These laws and regulations may:



    
    
    

    
    
limit or prohibit construction
 drilling and other activities on certain lands lying within wilderness and other protected areas; and

    
    
    



for our operations may be subject to revocation
 modification and renewal by issuing authorities. Governmental authorities have
the power to enforce their regulations
 and violations are subject to fines and injunctions. In the opinion of management
 we are
in substantial compliance with current applicable environmental laws and regulations
 and have no material commitments for capital
expenditures to comply with existing environmental requirements. Nevertheless
 changes in existing environmental laws and regulations
or in interpretations of them could have a significant impact on our company
 as well as the crude oil and natural gas industry
in general.


Response
 Compensation
 and Liability Act (&ldquo;CERCLA&rdquo;) and comparable state statutes impose strict
 joint and several
liability on owners and operators of sites and on persons who disposed of or arranged for the disposal of &ldquo;hazardous substances&rdquo;
found at such sites. It is not uncommon for the neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury
and property damage allegedly caused by the hazardous substances released into the environment. The Federal Resource Conservation
and Recovery Act (&ldquo;RCRA&rdquo;) and comparable state statutes govern the disposal of &ldquo;solid waste&rdquo; and &ldquo;hazardous
waste&rdquo;
 and authorize the imposition of substantial fines and penalties for noncompliance. Although CERCLA currently excludes
petroleum from its definition of &ldquo;hazardous substance
&rdquo; state laws affecting our operations may impose clean-up liability
relating to petroleum and petroleum related products. In addition
 although RCRA classifies certain crude oil field wastes as &ldquo;non-hazardous
&rdquo;
such exploration and production wastes could be reclassified as hazardous wastes thereby making such wastes subject to more stringent
handling and disposal requirements.


    
    


Act (&ldquo;ESA&rdquo;) seeks to ensure that activities do not jeopardize endangered or threatened animal
 fish and plant species
nor destroy or modify the critical habitat of such species. Under ESA
 exploration and production operations
 as well as actions
by federal agencies
 may not significantly impair or jeopardize the species or its habitat. ESA provides for criminal penalties
for willful violations of the Act. Other statutes that provide protection to animal and plant species and that may apply to our
operations include
 but are not necessarily limited to
 the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act
 the Fishery Conservation and Management
Act
 the Migratory Bird Treaty Act and the National Historic Preservation Act. Although we believe that our operations will be
in substantial compliance with such statutes
 any change in these statutes or any reclassification of a species as endangered could
subject our company to significant expenses or could force our company to discontinue certain operations.


 2012
the EPA finalized rules originally proposed in 2011 establishing new air emission controls for oil and natural gas production and
natural gas processing operations. The EPA&rsquo;s rule package includes standards to address hazardous air pollutants frequently
associated with oil and natural gas production and processing activities. The rules establish specific new requirements regarding
emissions from compressors
 dehydrators
 storage tanks and other production equipment. In addition
 the rules revise leak detection
requirements for natural gas processing plants. These rules may require a number of modifications to the operations of our third-party
operating partners
 including the installation of new equipment to control emissions from compressors. Although we cannot predict
the cost to comply with these new requirements at this point
 compliance with these new rules could result in significant costs
including increased capital expenditures and operating costs
 and could adversely impact our business.


Control Act of 1972
 or the Clean Water Act (the &ldquo;CWA&rdquo;)
 imposes restrictions and controls on the discharge of produced
waters and other pollutants into navigable waters. Permits must be obtained to discharge pollutants into state and federal waters
and to conduct construction activities in waters and wetlands. The CWA and certain state regulations prohibit the discharge of
produced water
 sand
 drilling fluids
 drill cuttings
 sediment and certain other substances related to the oil and gas industry
into certain coastal and offshore waters without an individual or general National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System discharge
permit. In addition
 the Clean Water Act and analogous state laws require individual permits or coverage under general permits
for discharges of storm water runoff from certain types of facilities. Some states also maintain groundwater protection programs
that require permits for discharges or operations that may impact groundwater conditions. Costs may be associated with the treatment
of wastewater and/or developing and implementing storm water pollution prevention plans. The CWA and comparable state statutes
provide for civil
 criminal and administrative penalties for unauthorized discharges of oil and other pollutants and impose liability
on parties responsible for those discharges
 for the costs of cleaning up any environmental damage caused by the release and for
natural resource damages resulting from the release.


of oil and natural gas wastes are regulated by the Underground Injection Control program authorized by the Safe Drinking Water
Act. The primary objective of injection well operating requirements is to ensure the mechanical integrity of the injection apparatus
and to prevent migration of fluids from the injection zone into underground sources of drinking water. Substantially all of the
oil and natural gas production in which we have interest is developed from unconventional sources that require hydraulic fracturing
as part of the completion process. Hydraulic fracturing involves the injection of water
 sand and chemicals under pressure into
the formation to stimulate gas production. Legislation to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to repeal the exemption for hydraulic
fracturing from the definition of &ldquo;underground injection&rdquo; and require federal permitting and regulatory control of
hydraulic fracturing
 as well as legislative proposals to require disclosure of the chemical constituents of the fluids used in
the fracturing process
 were proposed in recent sessions of Congress. The U.S. Congress continues to consider legislation to amend
the Safe Drinking Water Act to subject hydraulic fracturing operations to regulation under the Act&rsquo;s Underground Injection
Control Program to require disclosure of chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process.


    
    


fracturing activities continues in other ways. The federal government is currently undertaking several studies of hydraulic fracturing&rsquo;s
potential impacts. Several states
 including Montana and North Dakota where our properties are located
 have also proposed or adopted
legislative or regulatory restrictions on hydraulic fracturing. We cannot predict whether any other legislation will ever be enacted
and if so
 what its provisions would be. If additional levels of regulation and permits were required through the adoption of new
laws and regulations at the federal or state level
 which could lead to delays
 increased operating costs and process prohibitions
that would materially adversely affect our revenue and results of operations.


Policy Act
 or NEPA
 establishes a national environmental policy and goals for the protection
 maintenance and enhancement of the
environment and provides a process for implementing these goals within federal agencies. A major federal agency action having the
potential to significantly impact the environment requires review under NEPA. Many of the activities of our third-party operating
partners are covered under categorical exclusions which results in a shorter NEPA review process. The Council on Environmental
Quality has announced an intention to reinvigorate NEPA reviews and on March 12
 2012
 issued final guidance that may result in
longer review processes that could lead to delays and increased costs that could materially adversely affect our revenues and results
of operations.




and research have been devoted to climate change and global warming
 and climate change has developed into a major political issue
in the United States and globally. Certain research suggests that greenhouse gas emissions contribute to climate change and pose
a threat to the environment. Recent scientific research and political debate has focused in part on carbon dioxide and methane
incidental to crude oil and natural gas exploration and production. Many states and the federal government have enacted legislation
directed at controlling greenhouse gas emissions. Future legislation and regulation could impose additional restrictions in connection
with our drilling and production activities and favor use of alternative energy sources
 which could increase operating costs and
reduce demand for crude oil products. As such
 our business could be materially adversely affected by domestic and international
legislation targeted at controlling climate change.




full time employees: our chief executive officer
 chief financial officer
 chief operating officer
 corporate controller
 a land
specialist
 an investor relations specialist and two staff accountants. Our chief executive officer
 Kenneth DeCubellis
 is responsible
for all material policy-making decisions
 with the support of James Moe
 our chief financial officer and Michael Eisele
 our chief
operating officer. As drilling and production activities continue to increase
 we may hire additional technical or administrative
personnel as appropriate. We are using and will continue to use the services of independent consultants and contractors to perform
various professional services
 particularly in the area of land services and reservoir engineering. We believe that this use of
third-party service providers enhances our ability to contain general and administrative expenses.




are located at 10275 Wayzata Boulevard
 Suite 100
 Minnetonka
 Minnesota 55305. Our office space consists of approximately 2
813
square feet leased pursuant to a month to month lease agreement that commenced on May 1
 2012 and was amended on November 15
 2013.
The owner of the building in which we are located is a company wholly owned by our chairman of the board of directors.

Financial Information about Segments
and Geographic Areas


our operations into geographic areas given the fact that all of our production activities occur within the Williston Basin in North
Dakota and Montana.


    
    

Available Information &ndash; Reports
to Security Holders


. We make available on this website
 free of charge
 our annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports after we electronically file those materials
with
 or furnish those materials to
 the SEC. These filings are also available to the public at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference
Room at 100 F Street
 NE
 Room 1580
 Washington
 DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference
Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Electronic filings with the SEC are also available on the SEC internet website at 


website our Audit Committee Charter and our Code of Ethics
 in addition to all pertinent company contact information.






As a non-operator
 our development
of successful operations relies extensively on third-parties who
 if not successful
 could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operation.


in wells operated by third-parties. Our current ability to develop successful business operations depends on the success of our
consultants and drilling partners. As a result
 we do not control the timing or success of the development
 exploitation
 production
and exploration activities relating to our leasehold interests. If our consultants and drilling partners are not successful in
such activities relating to our leasehold interests
 or are unable or unwilling to perform
 our financial condition and results
of operations would be materially adversely affected.

We may be unable to obtain the additional
capital that we need to implement our business plan
 which could restrict our ability to grow.


a Senior Credit Facility and a Subordinated Credit Facility that allow for borrowings up to $50 million and $75 million
 respectively
with current availability of $18 million and $25&nbsp;million
 respectively
 secured by substantially all of our assets
 but the
two credit facilities may not be available to us if we are not in compliance with their terms and conditions. We had drawn $13
million on the Senior Credit Facility and $20&nbsp;million on the Subordinated Credit Facility as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and have
net draws of an additional $1.25 million on the Senior Credit Facility and $5.0 million on the Subordinated Credit Facility as
of March 25
 2014. We will require additional capital to continue to grow our business through acquisitions and to further expand
our exploration and development programs. We may be unable to obtain additional capital or financing if and when required
 or upon
terms that are acceptable to us. Future acquisitions and future exploration
 development
 production and marketing activities
as well as our administrative requirements will require a substantial amount of capital and cash flow. We may pursue sources of
additional capital through various financing transactions or arrangements
 including joint venturing of projects
 debt financing
equity financing or other means. We also expect to seek equity financing to finance our expected drilling and completion costs.
We may not be successful in identifying suitable financing transactions in the time period required or at all
 and we may not obtain
the capital we require by other means. If we do not succeed in raising additional capital
 our resources may not be sufficient
to fund our planned expansion of operations in the future.


    
    




raised through the sale of equity would dilute the ownership percentage of our shareholders. Raising any such capital could also
result in a decrease in the fair market value of our equity securities because our assets would be owned by a larger pool of outstanding
equity holders. The terms of securities we issue in future capital transactions may be more favorable to our new investors
 and
may include preferences
 superior voting rights and the issuance of other derivative securities. In addition
 we have granted and
will continue to grant equity incentive awards under our equity incentive plans
 which may have a further dilutive effect. Our
ability to obtain financing
 if and when necessary
 may be impaired by such factors as the capital markets (both generally and
in the crude oil and natural gas industry in particular)
 our limited operating history
 the location of our crude oil and natural
gas properties
 and prices of crude oil and natural gas on the commodities markets (which will impact the amount of asset-based
financing available to us) and the departure of key employees. Further
 if crude oil or natural gas prices on the commodities markets
decline
 our revenues will likely decrease and such decreased revenues may increase our requirements for capital. If the amount
of capital we are able to raise from financing activities
 together with our revenues from operations
 is not sufficient to satisfy
our capital needs (even to the extent that we reduce our operations)
 we may be required to cease our operations
 divest our assets
at unattractive prices or obtain financing on unattractive terms. We may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital financing
including investment banking fees
 legal fees
 accounting fees
 securities law compliance fees
 printing and distribution expenses
and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in connection with certain securities we may issue
 which
may adversely impact our financial condition.

Our credit agreements contain operating and financial
restrictions that may restrict our business and financing activities.


contain
 or any future indebtedness we incur may contain
 a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and
financial restrictions on us
 including restrictions on our ability to
 among other things:



    
    
declare or pay any dividend or make any other distributions on
 purchase or redeem our equity interests or purchase or redeem subordinated debt;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
consolidate
 merge or transfer all or substantially all of our assets.



 we are limited
in the manner in which we conduct our business
 and we may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future
operations or capital needs.


with some of the foregoing covenants and restrictions may be affected by events beyond our control. If market or other economic
conditions deteriorate
 our ability to comply with these covenants may be impaired. A failure to comply with the covenants
 ratios
or tests in our Credit Facilities or any future indebtedness could result in an event of default under our Credit Facilities or
our future indebtedness
 which
 if not cured or waived
 could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
and results of operations. If an event of default under our Credit Facilities occurs and remains uncured
 the lenders thereunder:



    
    
    

    
    
could elect to declare all borrowings outstanding
 together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees
 to be due and payable;

    
    
    

    
    
    



or an acceleration under our Credit Facilities could result in an event of default and an acceleration under other future indebtedness.
Conversely
 an event of default or an acceleration under any future indebtedness could result in an event of default and an acceleration
under our Credit Facilities. In addition
 our obligations under the Senior Credit Facility are collateralized by perfected first
priority liens and security interests on substantially all of our assets and if we are unable to repay our indebtedness under the
Credit Facilities
 the lenders could seek to foreclose on our assets.


    
    

Our leverage and debt service obligations
may adversely affect our financial condition
 results of operations and business prospects.


could affect our operations in several ways
 including the following:



    
    
require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our existing debt
 thereby reducing the cash available to finance our operations and other business activities and could limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and the industry in which we operate;

    
    
    

    
    
limit our ability to access the capital markets to raise capital on favorable terms or to obtain additional financing for working capital
 capital expenditures or acquisitions or to refinance existing indebtedness;

    
    
place restrictions on our ability to obtain additional financing
 make investments
 lease equipment
 sell assets and engage in business combinations;

    
    
    

    
    
    



our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance
 which will be affected by financial
 business
 economic
regulatory and other factors. We will not be able to control many of these factors
 such as economic conditions and governmental
regulation. We depend on our revolving credit facilities for future capital needs
 because we use operating cash flows for investing
activities and borrow as needed. We cannot be certain that our cash flow will be sufficient to allow us to pay the principal and
interest on our current and future debt and meet our other obligations. If we do not have enough money
 we may be required to refinance
all or part of our debt
 sell assets
 borrow more money or raise equity. We may not be able to refinance our debt
 sell assets
borrow more money or raise equity on terms acceptable to us
 if at all. Our ability to comply with the financial and other restrictive
covenants in our indebtedness will be affected by the levels of cash flow from our operations and future events and circumstances
beyond our control. Failure to comply with these covenants would result in an event of default under our indebtedness
 and such
an event of default could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


our Senior Credit Facility is determined semi-annually
 as well as upon the occurrence of certain events
 by the lenders in their
sole discretion
 based primarily on reserve reports that reflect our banks&rsquo; projections of future commodity prices at such
time. Significant declines in natural gas
 NGL or oil prices may result in a decrease in our borrowing base. Any increase in the
borrowing base requires the consent of all the lenders. If as a result of a borrowing base redetermination outstanding borrowings
are in excess of the borrowing base
 we must repay such excess borrowings within 90 days. We do not currently have any substantial
unpledged properties
 and we may not have the financial resources in the future to make any mandatory principal prepayments required
under the Senior Credit Facility.

We
may not be able to generate enough cash flow to meet our debt obligations.


and cash flow to vary significantly from year to year due to the cyclical nature of our industry. As a result
 the amount of debt
that we can service in some periods may not be appropriate for us in other periods. Additionally
 our future cash flow may be
insufficient to meet our debt obligations and commitments. Any insufficiency could negatively impact our business. A range of
economic
 competitive
 business and industry factors will affect our future financial performance
 and
 as a result
 our ability
to generate cash flow from operations and to pay our debt. Many of these factors
 such as oil and natural gas prices
 economic
and financial conditions in our industry and the global economy or competitive initiatives of our competitors
 are beyond our
control.


    
    


enough cash flow from operations to satisfy our debt obligations
 we may have to undertake alternative financing plans
 such as:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



 we cannot
assure you that undertaking alternative financing plans
 if necessary
 would allow us to meet our debt obligations. Our inability
to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt obligations
 or to obtain alternative financing
 could materially and adversely
affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects.

Our variable rate indebtedness subjects
us to interest rate risk
 which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly.


Credit Facilities bear interest at variable rates and expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates increase and we are unable
to effectively hedge our interest rate risk
 our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase even
if the amount borrowed remained the same
 and our net income and cash available for servicing our indebtedness would decrease.
A one percent increase in interest rates on the debt outstanding under our Credit Facilities as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 would cost
us approximately $336
000 in additional annual interest expense.

Despite our current level of indebtedness
we may still be able to incur substantially more debt. This could further exacerbate the risks associated with our substantial
indebtedness.


substantial additional indebtedness in the future
 subject to certain limitations
 including under our Credit Facilities and under
any future debt agreements. If new debt is added to our current debt levels
 the related risks that we now face could increase.
Our level of indebtedness could
 for instance
 prevent us from engaging in transactions that might otherwise be beneficial to us
or from making desirable capital expenditures. This could put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to other less leveraged
competitors that have more cash flow to devote to their operations. In addition
 the incurrence of additional indebtedness could
make it more difficult to satisfy our existing financial obligations.

We have a limited operating history
and may not be successful in becoming profitable.

We
have a limited operating history. Our business operations must be considered in light of the risks
 expenses and difficulties frequently
encountered in establishing a business in the crude oil and natural gas industries. We began to generate revenues from operations
during 2011
 and in 2013 we had our first operating profit since our inception in April 2010. There can be no assurance that our
business operations will prove to be successful in the long-term. Our future operating results will depend on many factors
 including:
our ability to raise adequate working capital; success of our development and exploration; demand for natural gas and crude oil;
the level of our competition; our ability to attract and maintain key management and employees; and our ability to efficiently
explore
 develop and produce sufficient quantities of marketable natural gas or crude oil in a highly competitive and speculative
To sustain profitable operations
in the future
 we must
 alone or with others
 successfully manage these factors
 as well as continue to develop ways to enhance
our production efforts. Despite our best efforts
 we may not be successful in our exploration or development efforts
 or obtain
required regulatory approvals. There is a possibility that some of our wells may never produce natural gas or crude oil.


    
    

We are highly dependent on Kenneth
DeCubellis
 our chief executive officer
 and our other executive officers and employees. The loss of one or more of them
 upon
whose knowledge
 leadership and technical expertise we rely
 would harm our ability to execute our business plan.


heavily upon (1) the continued contributions of Kenneth DeCubellis
 our chief executive officer
 whose knowledge
 leadership and
technical expertise would be difficult to replace
 with the support of James Moe
 our chief financial officer
 and Michael Eisele
our chief operating officer
 and (2) on our ability to retain and attract experienced engineers
 geoscientists and other technical
and professional consultants. If we were to lose their services
 our ability to execute our business plan would be harmed and we
may be forced to cease operations until such time as we are able to suitably replace them. Any of our executive officers may terminate
their employment with our company at any time.

Our lack of diversification will
increase the risk of an investment in our company
 and our financial condition and results of operations may deteriorate if we
fail to diversify.


is on the crude oil and natural gas industry in a limited number of properties
 primarily in North Dakota and Montana. Larger companies
have the ability to manage their risk by diversification. We lack diversification in terms of both the nature and geographic scope
of our business. As a result
 we will likely be impacted more acutely by factors affecting our industry or the regions in which
we operate than we would if our business were more diversified
 increasing our risk profile. If we do not diversify our operations
our financial condition and results of operations could deteriorate.

Strategic relationships upon which
we may rely are subject to change
 which may diminish our ability to conduct our operations.


acquire additional properties
 to increase our reserves
 to participate in drilling opportunities and to identify and enter into
commercial arrangements with customers will depend on developing and maintaining close working relationships with industry participants.
Our success will also depend on our ability to select and evaluate suitable properties and to consummate transactions in a highly
competitive environment. These realities are subject to change and our inability to maintain close working relationships with industry
participants or continue to acquire suitable properties may impair our ability to execute our business plan.


our business
 we will use the business relationships of our management and develop new relationships to enter into strategic relationships.
These relationships may take the form of mineral lease purchase agreements
 joint ventures
 joint operating agreements
 referral
agreements and other contractual arrangements with outside individuals and crude oil and natural gas companies. We may not be able
to establish these strategic relationships
 or if established
 we may not be able to maintain them. In addition
 the dynamics of
our relationships with strategic partners may require us to incur expenses or undertake activities that we would not otherwise
be inclined to do independent of these strategic relationships. If sufficient strategic relationships are not established and maintained
our business prospects
 financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.

Competition in obtaining rights to
explore and develop crude oil and natural gas reserves and to market our production may impair our business.


gas industry is highly competitive. Other crude oil and natural gas companies may seek to acquire crude oil and natural gas leases
and other properties and services in the same areas in which we desire to operate. This competition is increasingly intense as
commodity prices of crude oil have continued to remain at levels that make oil and gas production in our area of operation viable.
Additionally
 other companies engaged in our line of business may compete with us from time to time in obtaining capital from investors.
Competitors include larger companies which
 in particular
 may have access to greater resources
 may be more successful in the
recruitment and retention of qualified employees and may conduct their own refining and petroleum marketing operations
 which may
give them a competitive advantage. In addition
 actual or potential competitors may be strengthened through the acquisition of
additional assets and interests. If we are unable to compete effectively or respond adequately to competitive pressures
 our results
of operation and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.


    
    


a net loss of $402
659. In fiscal 2012 we had net income of $4
911
410. Before settlement income
 net of settlement expenses and
related income taxes
 the Company had a loss of approximately $630
164 and $1
444
485
 respectively for 2013 and 2012 (see Item
7 &ndash; Managements&rsquo; Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Non-GAAP Financial Measures).
We cannot assure you that we can achieve or sustain profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in the future. Our operations
are subject to the risks and competition inherent in the oil and natural gas industry. We cannot assure you that future operations
will be profitable. Revenues and profits
 if any
 will depend upon various factors
 including whether we will be able to expand
our revenues. We may not achieve our business objectives and the failure to achieve such goals would have an adverse impact on
our business
 financial condition and result of operations.

Downward adjustments in our proved
reserve estimates and lower oil and natural gas prices may cause us to record ceiling test write-downs.


method of accounting to account for our oil and natural gas operations. Accordingly
 we capitalize the cost to acquire
 explore
for and develop oil and natural gas properties. Under full cost accounting rules
 the net capitalized costs of oil and natural
gas properties may not exceed a &ldquo;full cost ceiling&rdquo; which is based upon the present value of estimated future net cash
flows from proved reserves
 including the effect of hedges in place
 discounted at 10%
 plus the lower of cost or fair market value
of unproved properties. If at the end of any fiscal period we determine that the net capitalized costs of oil and natural gas properties
exceed the full cost ceiling
 we must charge the amount of the excess to earnings in the period then ended. This is called a &ldquo;ceiling
test write-down.&rdquo; This charge does not impact cash flow from operating activities
 but does reduce our net income and stockholders&rsquo;
equity. We did not incur a ceiling test write-down for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012. We may recognize additional write-downs
in the future if commodity prices decline or if we experience substantial downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves.

We may not be able to effectively
manage our growth
 which may harm our profitability.


the expansion of our business. If we fail to effectively manage our growth
 our financial results could be adversely affected.
Growth may place a strain on our management systems and resources. We must continue to refine and expand our business capabilities
our systems and processes and our access to financing sources. As we grow
 we must continue to hire
 train
 supervise and manage
new employees. We cannot assure that we will be able to:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
identify and engage qualified employees and consultants
 or retain valued employees and consultants; or

    
    
    



manage our growth
 our financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.


    
    

Our derivative activities could result
in financial losses or could reduce our cash flow.


collars or other derivative arrangements from time-to-time to hedge our expected production depending on projected production levels
and expected market conditions
 and are required to hedge under our Credit Agreements. While intended to mitigate the effects of
volatile crude oil and natural gas prices
 such transactions may limit our potential gains and increase our potential losses if
crude oil and natural gas prices were to rise substantially over the price established by the hedge.


may be significantly higher or lower than we project at the time we enter into derivative contracts for a given period. If actual
production is higher than we project
 we will have greater commodity price exposure than we intended. If actual production is lower
than the notional amount that is subject to our derivative financial instruments
 we might be forced to satisfy all or a portion
of our derivative transactions without the benefit of the cash flow from our sale of the underlying physical commodity
 resulting
in a substantial decrease in our liquidity. As a result of these factors
 our hedging activities may not be as effective as we
intend in reducing the volatility of our cash flows
 and in certain circumstances may actually increase the volatility of our cash
flows. In addition
 such transactions may expose us to the risk of loss in certain circumstances
 including instances in which:






there is a widening of price differentials between the delivery points for our production and the
delivery point assumed in the derivative arrangement.

Our derivative activities expose
us to potential regulatory risks


(&ldquo;FTC&rdquo;)
 Federal Regulatory Commission (&ldquo;FERC&rdquo;) and the Commodities Futures Trading Commission (&ldquo;CFTC&rdquo;)
have statutory authority to monitor certain segments of the physical and futures energy commodities markets. These agencies have
imposed broad regulations prohibiting fraud and manipulation of such markets. With regard to derivative activities that we undertake
with respect to oil
 natural gas
 NGLs
 or other energy commodities
 we are required to observe the market-related regulations
enforced by these agencies. Failure to comply with such regulations
 as interpreted and enforced
 could have a material adverse
effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.


    
    

Legislative and regulatory developments
could have an adverse effect on our ability to use derivative instruments to reduce the effect of commodity price
 interest rate
and other risks associated with our business


 the
United States Congress enacted the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (&ldquo;Dodd-Frank Act&rdquo;)
 which
contains measures aimed at increasing the transparency and stability of the over-the-counter (&ldquo;OTC&rdquo;) derivatives market
and preventing excessive speculation. In November 2013
 the CFTC re-proposed implementing regulations imposing position limits
for certain physical commodity contracts in the major energy markets and economically equivalent futures
 options and swaps
 with
exemptions for certain bona fide hedging positions. The CFTC&rsquo;s initial position limit rules were vacated by a federal court
in 2012. It is not clear when the newly-proposed rules on position limits would become effective. CFTC rules under the Dodd-Frank
Act also may impose clearing and trade execution requirements in connection with our derivative activities
 although currently
those requirements do not extend to derivatives based on physical commodities in the energy markets and some or all of our derivatives
activities may be exempt from such requirements based on our non-financial end-user status. Regulations issued under the Dodd-Frank
Act also may require certain counterparties to our derivative instruments to spin off some of their derivatives activities to a
separate entity
 which may not be as creditworthy as the current counterparty. Such spin-offs may occur at any time until mid-2015
depending on regulators&rsquo; decisions to allow a transitional period for a given counterparty. The legislation and regulations
could significantly increase the cost of derivative contracts (including from swap recordkeeping and reporting requirements and
through requirements to post collateral which could adversely affect our available liquidity)
 materially alter the terms of derivative
contracts
 reduce the availability of derivatives to protect against risks we encounter
 reduce our ability to monetize or restructure
our existing derivative contracts
 and increase our exposure to less creditworthy counterparties. We maintain an active hedging
program related to oil price risks. The Dodd-Frank Act and rules and regulations thereunder could reduce trading positions and
the market-making activities of our counterparties. If we reduce our use of derivatives as a result of legislation and regulations
or any resulting changes in the derivatives markets
 our results of operations may become more volatile and our cash flows may
be less predictable
 which could adversely affect our ability to plan for and fund capital expenditures or to make payments on
our debt obligations. Finally
 the legislation was intended
 in part
 to reduce the volatility of oil and natural gas prices
 which
some legislators attributed to speculative trading in derivatives and commodity instruments related to oil and natural gas. Our
revenues could therefore be adversely affected if a consequence of the legislation and regulations is to lower commodity prices.
Any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business
 our financial condition
 and our results of operations.



Crude oil and natural gas prices
are very volatile. A protracted period of depressed crude oil and natural gas prices may adversely affect our business
 financial
condition
 results of operations and cash flows.


gas markets are very volatile
 and we cannot predict future crude oil and natural gas prices. The price we receive for our crude
oil and natural gas production heavily influences our revenue
 profitability
 access to capital and future rate of growth. The
prices we receive for our production and the levels of our production depend on numerous factors beyond our control. These factors
include
 but are not limited to
 the following:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


financial and credit crisis reduced the availability of liquidity and credit to fund the continuation and expansion of industrial
business operations worldwide. The shortage of liquidity and credit combined with recent substantial losses in worldwide equity
markets led to a worldwide economic recession. The slowdown in economic activity caused by future similar recessions could reduce
worldwide demand for energy resulting in lower crude oil and natural gas prices and restrict our access to liquidity and credit.
Lower crude oil and natural gas prices may not only decrease our revenues on a per unit basis but also may reduce the amount of
crude oil and natural gas that we can produce economically
 potentially lowering our reserves. A substantial or extended decline
in crude oil or natural gas prices may result in impairments of our proved crude oil and natural gas properties and may materially
and adversely affect our future business
 financial condition
 results of operations
 liquidity or ability to finance planned capital
expenditures. To the extent commodity prices received from production are insufficient to fund planned capital expenditures; we
will be required to reduce spending or borrow to cover any such shortfall. Lower crude oil and natural gas prices may also reduce
our ability to borrow or obtain credit to finance our operations.

Drilling for and producing crude
oil and natural gas are high risk activities with many uncertainties and may not be commercially successful
 and the advanced technologies
we use cannot eliminate exploration risk.


will depend on the success of our development
 production and exploration activities. Our crude oil and natural gas exploration
and production activities are subject to numerous risks beyond our control; including the risk that drilling will not result in
commercially viable crude oil or natural gas production. These risks are more acute in the early stages of exploration. Our decisions
to purchase
 explore
 develop or otherwise exploit prospects or properties will depend in part on the evaluation of data obtained
through geophysical and geological analyses
 production data and engineering studies
 the results of which are often inconclusive
or subject to varying interpretations. Our cost of drilling
 completing and operating wells is often uncertain before drilling
commences. Overruns in budgeted expenditures are common risks that can make a particular project uneconomical. Our expenditures
on exploration may not result in new discoveries of crude oil or natural gas in commercially viable quantities. Projecting the
costs of implementing an exploratory drilling program is difficult due to the inherent uncertainties of drilling in unknown formations
the costs associated with encountering various drilling conditions
 such as over-pressured zones and tools lost in the hole
 and
changes in drilling plans and locations as a result of prior exploratory wells or additional seismic data. Even when used and properly
interpreted
 three-dimensional (3-D) seismic data and visualization techniques only assist geoscientists in identifying subsurface
structures and hydrocarbon indicators. Such data and techniques do not allow the interpreter to know conclusively if hydrocarbons
are present or economically producible. In addition
 the use of three-dimensional (3-D) seismic data becomes less reliable when
used at increasing depths. We could incur losses as a result of expenditures on unsuccessful wells. If exploration costs exceed
our estimates
 or if our exploration efforts do not produce results which meet our expectations
 our exploration efforts may not
be commercially successful
 which could adversely impact our ability to generate revenues from our operations. Further
 many factors
may curtail
 delay or cancel drilling
 including the following:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
shortages of or delays in obtaining qualified personnel or equipment
 including drilling rigs; 

    
    
    

    
    
adverse weather conditions
 such as freezing temperatures and storms.



oil and gas wells
 we do not have sufficient control to manage these conditions
 and the risks from them cannot entirely be eliminated.
The presence of one or a combination of these factors at our properties could adversely affect our business
 financial condition
or results of operations.


    
    

We may not be able to develop crude
oil and natural gas reserves on an economically viable basis
 and our reserves and production may decline as a result.


our viability depends on our ability to find or acquire
 develop and commercially produce additional crude oil and natural gas
reserves. Even if we continue to succeed in discovering crude oil and/or natural gas reserves
 we cannot assure that these reserves
will be capable of production levels we project or in sufficient quantities to be commercially viable. Without the addition of
reserves through acquisition
 exploration or development activities
 our reserves and production will decline over time as reserves
are produced. Our future reserves will depend not only on our ability to develop then-existing properties
 but also on our ability
to identify and acquire additional suitable producing properties or prospects
 to find markets for the crude oil and natural gas
we develop and to effectively distribute our production into our markets. Future crude oil and natural gas exploration may involve
unprofitable efforts
 not only from dry wells
 but from wells that are productive but do not produce sufficient net revenues to
return a profit after drilling
 operating and other costs. There is no assurance that advanced technology in the oil and gas industry
such as three dimensional (3-D) seismic data and visualization techniques will result in the discovery of commercial quantities
of hydrocarbons. Completion of a well does not assure a profit on the investment or recovery of drilling
 completion and operating
costs. In addition
 drilling hazards or environmental damage could greatly increase the cost of operations
 and various field operating
conditions may adversely affect the production from successful wells. These conditions include delays in obtaining governmental
approvals or consents
 shut-downs of connected wells resulting from extreme weather conditions
 problems in storage and distribution
and adverse geological and mechanical conditions. As a non-operator of oil and gas wells
 we do not have sufficient control to
manage these conditions
 and the risks from them generally cannot entirely be eliminated. Therefore
 these conditions could diminish
our revenue and cash flow levels and result in the impairment of our crude oil and natural gas interests.

Estimates of crude oil and natural
gas reserves that we make may be inaccurate and our actual revenues may be lower than our financial projections.


crude oil and natural gas reserves
 upon which we base our financial projections. We make these reserve estimates using various
assumptions
 including assumptions as to crude oil and natural gas prices
 drilling and operating expenses
 capital expenditures
taxes and availability of funds. Some of these assumptions are inherently subjective
 and the accuracy of our reserve estimates
relies in part on the ability of our management team
 engineers and other advisors to make accurate assumptions. Economic factors
beyond our control
 such as crude oil and natural gas prices and interest rates
 will also impact the value of our reserves. Determining
the amount of crude oil and natural gas recoverable from various formations where we have exploration and production activities
involves great uncertainty. The process of estimating crude oil and natural gas reserves is complex and will require us to use
significant assumptions in the evaluation of available geological
 geophysical
 engineering and economic data for each property.
As a result
 our reserve estimates will be inherently imprecise. Actual future production
 crude oil and natural gas prices
 revenues
taxes
 development expenditures
 operating expenses and quantities of recoverable crude oil and natural gas reserves may vary substantially
from those we estimate. If actual production results vary substantially from our reserve estimates
 this could materially reduce
our revenues and result in the impairment of our crude oil and natural gas interests.

Drilling new wells could result in
new liabilities
 which could endanger our interests in our properties and assets.


with the drilling of crude oil and natural gas wells
 including encountering unexpected formations or pressures
 premature declines
of reservoirs
 blow-outs
 craterings
 sour gas releases
 fires and spills
 among others. The occurrence of any of these events
could significantly increase our costs or reduce our revenues or cause substantial losses
 impairing our future operating results.
We may become subject to liability for pollution
 blow-outs or other hazards. We may seek to maintain insurance (including insurance
maintained by our industry operators) with respect to these hazards; however
 such insurance has limitations on liability that
may not be sufficient to cover the full extent of such liabilities. The payment of such liabilities could reduce the funds available
to us or could
 in an extreme case
 result in a total loss of our properties and assets. Moreover
 we may not be able to maintain
adequate insurance in the future at rates that are considered reasonable. Crude oil and natural gas production operations are also
subject to all the risks typically associated with such operations
 including premature decline of reservoirs and the invasion
of water into producing formations.


    
    

Decommissioning costs are unknown
and may be substantial
 and unplanned costs could divert resources from other projects.


for costs associated with abandoning and reclaiming wells
 facilities and pipelines which we use for production of crude oil and
natural gas reserves. Abandonment and reclamation of these facilities and the costs associated therewith is often referred to as
&ldquo;decommissioning.&rdquo; We accrue a liability for decommissioning costs associated with our wells
 but have not established
any cash reserve account for these potential costs in respect of any of our properties. If decommissioning is required before economic
depletion of our properties or if our estimates of the costs of decommissioning exceed the value of the reserves remaining to cover
such decommissioning costs
 we may have to draw on funds from other sources to satisfy such costs. The use of other funds to satisfy
such decommissioning costs could impair our ability to focus capital investment in other areas of our business.

Our operating partners may have difficulty
distributing our production
 which could harm our financial condition.


crude oil and natural gas that we are able to produce
 the operators of our wells may have to make arrangements for storage and
distribution to the market. We will rely on local infrastructure and the availability of transportation for storage and shipment
of our products
 but infrastructure development and storage and transportation facilities may be insufficient for our needs at
commercially acceptable terms in the localities in which we operate. This situation could be particularly problematic to the extent
that our operations are conducted in remote areas that are difficult to access
 such as areas that are distant from shipping and/or
pipeline facilities. These factors may affect our ability to explore and develop properties and to store and transport our crude
oil and natural gas production
 increasing our expenses. Furthermore
 weather conditions or natural disasters
 actions by companies
doing business in one or more of the areas in which we will operate
 or labor disputes may impair the distribution of crude oil
and/or natural gas and in turn diminish our financial condition or ability to maintain our operations.





oil production is transported to market centers by rail. In response to recent train derailments occurring in the United States
and Canada in 2013
 the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board issued a series of recommendations on January 23
 2014 aimed
at addressing safety risks relating to the transportation of crude oil by rail. The NTSB recommended (i) increased route planning
for hazardous materials to avoid sensitive areas and population centers
 (ii) development and implementation of a rail carrier
audit program to determine whether rail carriers that transport petroleum products have properly considered and implemented emergency
response capabilities
 including response protocols for the discharge of the entire quantity of crude oil on a train
 and (iii)
a program designed to ensure that shippers and rail carriers are properly classifying hazardous material cargo and that they have
implemented appropriate safety and security procedures. On February 25
 2014
 the U.S. Department of Transportation issued an emergency
order mandating that any person offering crude oil into transportation comply with proper testing
 classification
 and handling
procedures.


or other regulations that may be proposed could significantly increase the cost of transporting crude oil by rail. In addition
to the extent that new regulations require design changes or other modifications in rail cars
 there could be significant restraints
on the capacity for the transportation of crude oil by rail during the period during which rail cars are being modified to comply
with the new regulations. Any significant increase in the cost of transporting crude oil by rail
 whether due to constraints on
rail car capacity
 increased compliance costs
 or other factors
 could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Environmental risks may adversely
affect our business.


oil and natural gas business present environmental risks and hazards and are subject to environmental regulation pursuant to a
variety of federal
 state and municipal laws and regulations. Environmental legislation provides for
 among other things
 restrictions
and prohibitions on spills
 releases or emissions of various substances produced in association with crude oil and natural gas
operations. The legislation also requires that wells and facility sites be operated
 maintained
 abandoned and reclaimed to the
satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. Compliance with such legislation can require significant expenditures
 and a
breach may result in the imposition of fines and penalties
 some of which may be material. Environmental legislation is evolving
in a manner we expect may result in stricter standards and enforcement
 larger fines and liability and potentially increased capital
expenditures and operating costs. The discharge of crude oil
 natural gas or other pollutants into the air
 soil or water may give
rise to liabilities to governments and third parties and may require us to incur costs to remedy such discharge. The application
of environmental laws to our business may cause us to curtail our production or increase the costs of our production
 development
or exploration activities.


    
    

Our business will suffer if we
 or
the operators of our properties
 cannot obtain or maintain necessary licenses.


licenses
 permits and in some cases renewals of licenses and permits from various governmental authorities. Our ability (or the
ability of our industry operators) to obtain
 sustain or renew such licenses and permits on acceptable terms is subject to change
in regulations and policies and to the discretion of the applicable governmental authorities
 among other factors. Our inability
or the inability of our industry operators
 to obtain
 or our loss of or denial of extension of
 any of these licenses or permits
could hamper our ability to produce revenues from our operations or otherwise materially adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations.

Challenges to our properties may
impact our financial condition.


and natural gas interests is often not capable of conclusive determination without incurring substantial expense. While we intend
to make appropriate inquiries into the title of properties and other development rights we acquire
 title defects may exist. In
addition
 we may be unable to obtain adequate insurance for title defects on a commercially reasonable basis or at all. If title
defects do exist
 it is possible that we may lose all or a portion of our right
 title and interests in and to the properties to
which the title defects relate. If our property rights are reduced
 our ability to conduct our exploration
 development and production
activities may be impaired. To mitigate title problems
 operators of the drilling units that we have an interest in follow common
industry practice of obtaining a title opinion from a qualified crude oil and natural gas attorney prior to the drilling operations
of a well.

We will rely on technology to conduct
our business
 and our technology could become ineffective or obsolete.


including geographic and seismic analysis techniques and economic models
 to develop our reserve estimates and to guide our acquisition
exploration
 development and production activities. We will be required to continually access enhanced and updated technology to
maintain our capability and to avoid obsolescence. The costs of doing so may be substantial and may be higher than the costs that
we anticipate for technology maintenance and development. If we are unable to maintain the technology available to us
 our ability
to manage our business and to compete may be impaired. Further
 even if we are able to maintain technical effectiveness
 such technology
may not be the most efficient means of reaching our objectives
 in which case we may incur higher operating costs than we would
were our technology more efficient.

We have a history of losses which
may continue and negatively impact our ability to achieve our business objectives.


government regulations could subject us to civil and criminal penalties
 could require us to forfeit property rights
 and may affect
the value of our assets. We
 or our industry operators
 may also be required to take corrective actions
 such as installing additional
equipment or taking other actions
 each of which could require us to make substantial capital expenditures. We could also be required
to indemnify our employees in connection with any expenses or liabilities that they may incur individually in connection with regulatory
action against them. As a result
 our future business prospects could deteriorate due to regulatory constraints
 and our profitability
could be impaired by our obligation to provide such indemnification to our employees.


    
    

Federal and state legislative and
regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing could result in increased costs and additional operating restrictions or
delays.


is used extensively by our third-party operating partners. The hydraulic fracturing process is typically regulated by state oil
and natural gas commissions. Hydraulic fracturing involves the injection of water
 sand and chemicals under pressure into formations
to fracture the surrounding rock and stimulate production. The Safe Drinking Water Act (the &ldquo;SDWA&rdquo;) regulates the underground
injection of substances through the Underground Injection Control (&ldquo;UIC&rdquo;) program. While hydraulic fracturing generally
is exempt from regulation under the UIC program
 the EPA has taken the position that hydraulic fracturing with fluids containing
diesel fuel is subject to regulation under the UIC program as &ldquo;Class II&rdquo; UIC wells. On October 21
 2011
 the EPA announced
its intention to propose federal Clean Water Act regulations by 2014 governing wastewater discharges from hydraulic fracturing
and certain other natural gas operations. In addition
 the DOI published a revised proposed rule on May 24
 2013 that would update
existing regulation of hydraulic fracturing activities on federal lands
 including requirements for disclosure
 well bore integrity
and handling of flowback water. The revised proposed rule was subject to an extended 90-day public comment period
 which ended
on August 23
 2013.


a study of the potential environmental impacts of hydraulic fracturing activities
 and a committee of the U.S. House of Representatives
is also conducting an investigation of hydraulic fracturing practices. The EPA issued a Progress Report in December 2012 and a
final draft is anticipated by 2014 for peer review and public comment. As part of these studies
 both the EPA and the House committee
have requested that certain companies provide them with information concerning the chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process.
These studies
 depending on their results
 could spur initiatives to regulate hydraulic fracturing under the SDWA or otherwise.
Congress has in recent legislative sessions considered legislation to amend the SDWA
 including legislation that would repeal the
exemption for hydraulic fracturing from the definition of &ldquo;underground injection&rdquo; and require federal permitting and
regulatory control of hydraulic fracturing
 as well as legislative proposals to require disclosure of the chemical constituents
of the fluids used in the fracturing process
 were proposed in recent sessions of Congress. The U.S. Congress may consider similar
SDWA legislation in the future.


 2012
the EPA published final regulations under the Clean Air Act (&ldquo;CAA&rdquo;) that establish new air emission controls for oil
and natural gas production and natural gas processing operations. Specifically
 EPA promulgated New Source Performance Standards
establishing emission limits for sulfur dioxide (SO2) and volatile organic compounds (VOCs). The final rule requires a 95% reduction
in VOCs emitted by mandating the use of reduced emission completions or &ldquo;green completions&rdquo; on all hydraulically-fractured
gas wells constructed or refractured after January 1
 2015. Until this date
 emissions from fractured and refractured gas wells
must be reduced through reduced emission completions or combustion devices. The rules also establish new requirements regarding
emissions from compressors
 controllers
 dehydrators
 storage tanks and other production equipment. In response to numerous requests
for reconsideration of these rules from both industry and the environmental community and court challenges to the final rules
EPA announced its intention to issue revised rules in 2013. The EPA published revised portions of these rules on September 23
2013 for VOC emissions for production oil and gas storage tanks
 in part phasing in emissions controls on storage tanks past October
15
 2013.


 several
state and local governments are considering or have adopted legislative or regulatory restrictions on hydraulic fracturing through
additional permit requirements
 operational restrictions
 and temporary or permanent bans on hydraulic fracturing in certain environmentally
sensitive areas such as watersheds. For example
 Montana and North Dakota have both adopted regulations recently requiring the
disclosure of all fluids
 additives
 and chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process.


and enforcement actions have been initiated across the country alleging that hydraulic fracturing practices have adversely impacted
drinking water supplies
 use of surface water
 and the environment generally. If new laws or regulations that significantly restrict
hydraulic fracturing
 such as amendments to the SDWA
 are adopted
 such laws could make it more costly for us and difficult for
our third party operating partners to perform fracturing to stimulate production from tight formations as well as make it easier
for third parties opposing the hydraulic fracturing process to initiate legal proceedings based on allegations that specific chemicals
used in the fracturing process could adversely affect groundwater. In addition
 if hydraulic fracturing is further regulated at
the federal or state level
 our third-party operating partners fracturing activities could become subject to additional permitting
and financial assurance requirements
 more stringent construction specifications
 increased monitoring
 reporting and recordkeeping
obligations
 plugging and abandonment requirements and also to attendant permitting delays and potential increases in costs.


state legislative or regulatory changes with respect to hydraulic fracturing could cause us to incur substantial compliance costs
or result in operational delays
 and the consequences of any failure to comply by us or our third-party operating partners could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Until such pending or threatened legislation
or regulations are finalized and implemented
 it is not possible to estimate their impact on our business.


could impair our ability to manage our business and have a material adverse effect on our operations
 cash flows and financial
position.

    
    



Climate change legislation or regulations
restricting emissions of &ldquo;greenhouse gases&rdquo; could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the oil
and natural gas that we produce.


 the
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the &ldquo;EPA&rdquo;) determined that emissions of carbon dioxide
 methane and other &ldquo;greenhouse
gases&rdquo; (&ldquo;GHG&rdquo;) present an endangerment to public health and the environment because emissions of such gases are
according to the EPA
 contributing to warming of the earth&rsquo;s atmosphere and other climatic changes. Based on its findings
the EPA has begun adopting and implementing regulations to restrict emissions of greenhouse gases under existing provisions of
the Clean Air Act (the &ldquo;CAA&rdquo;). On September&nbsp;22
 2009
 the EPA issued a final rule requiring the reporting of greenhouse
gas emissions from specified large greenhouse gas emission sources in the U.S. beginning in 2011 for emissions occurring in 2010.
On November 30
 2010
 the EPA published a final rule expanding its existing greenhouse gas emissions reporting rule to include
certain petroleum and natural gas facilities
 which rule requires data collection beginning in 2011 and reporting beginning in
2012. Our operating partners were required to report certain of their greenhouse gas emissions under this rule by September&nbsp;28
2012. On May&nbsp;12
 2010
 the EPA also issued a &ldquo;tailoring&rdquo; rule
 which makes certain large stationary sources and modification
projects subject to permitting requirements for greenhouse gas emissions under the CAA
 although on October&nbsp;15
 2013
 the U.S.
Supreme Court announced it will review aspects of the rule in 2014. In addition
 the EPA has continued to adopt GHG regulations
of other industries
 such as the September 2013 proposed GHG rule that
 if finalized
 would set new source performance standards
for new coal-fired and natural gas-fired power plants. As a result of this continued regulatory focus
 future GHG regulations of
the oil and gas industry remain a possibility.


 the U.S.
Congress has from time to time considered adopting legislation to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases
 though it is yet to do
so
 and almost one-half of the states have already taken legal measures to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases primarily through
the planned development of greenhouse gas emission inventories and/or regional greenhouse gas cap and trade programs. Most of these
cap and trade programs work by requiring major sources of emissions
 such as electric power plants or major producers of fuels
such as refineries and gas processing plants
 to acquire and surrender emission allowances that correspond to their annual emissions
of GHGs. The number of allowances available for purchase is reduced each year in an effort to achieve the overall GHG reduction
goal. As the number of GHG emission allowances declines each year
 the cost or value of such allowances is expected to escalate
significantly. The adoption of legislation or regulatory programs to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases could require our third-party
operating partners
 and indirectly us
 to incur increased operating costs
 such as costs to purchase and operate emissions control
systems
 to acquire emissions allowances or comply with new regulatory or reporting requirements. Any such legislation or regulatory
programs could also increase the cost of consuming
 and thereby reduce demand for
 the oil and natural gas produced by our operational
interests. Consequently
 legislation and regulatory programs to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases could have an adverse effect
on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


could also result in reduced demand for our production
 as oil and natural gas consumers seek to reduce their own GHG emissions.
Any regulation of GHG emissions
 including through a cap-and-trade system
 technology mandate
 emissions tax
 reporting requirement
or other program
 could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition. In addition
to the extent climate change results in more severe weather and significant physical effects
 such as increased frequency and severity
of storms
 floods
 droughts and other climatic effects
 our own
 our third-party operating partners or our customers' operations
may be disrupted
 which could result in a decrease in our available products or reduce our customers' demand for our products.


 there have
been various legislative and regulatory proposals at the federal and state levels to provide incentives and subsidies to (i) shift
more power generation to renewable energy sources and (ii) support technological advances to drive less energy consumption. These
incentives and subsidies could have a negative impact on oil
 natural gas and NGL consumption.


could impair our ability to manage our business and have a material adverse effect on our operations
 cash flows and financial
position.

    
    




The market price of our common stock
is
 and is likely to continue to be
 highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations.


our common stock is likely to continue to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a number
of factors
 some of which are beyond our control
 including but not limited to:



    
    
dilution caused by our issuance of additional shares of common stock and other forms of equity securities
 which we expect to make in connection with future capital financings to fund our operations and growth
 to attract and retain valuable personnel and in connection with future strategic partnerships with other companies;

    
    
announcements of new acquisitions
 reserve discoveries or other business initiatives by us or our competitors;

    
    
our ability to take advantage of new acquisitions
 reserve discoveries or other business initiatives;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
changes in the demand for crude oil and natural gas
 including changes resulting from economic conditions
 governmental regulation or the introduction or expansion of alternative fuels;

    
    
    

    
    
changes in the valuation of similarly situated companies
 both in our industry and in other industries;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
changes in analysts&rsquo; estimates affecting our company
 our competitors and/or our industry;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
significant sales of our common stock
 including sales by selling shareholders following the registration of shares under a prospectus.



are largely beyond our control
 and the impact of these risks
 singly or in the aggregate
 may result in material adverse changes
to the market price of our common stock and our results of operations and financial condition.


    
    

Our operating results may fluctuate
significantly
 and these fluctuations may cause the price of our common stock to decline.


will likely vary in the future primarily as the result of fluctuations in our revenues and operating expenses
 including the coming
to market of crude oil and natural gas reserves that we are able to discover and develop
 expenses that we incur
 the prices of
crude oil and natural gas in the commodities markets and other factors. If our results of operations do not meet the expectations
of current or potential investors
 the price of our common stock may decline.

Shareholders will experience dilution
upon the exercise of outstanding warrants and options and issuance of common stock under our incentive plans.


2013
 we had options for 6
639
834 shares of common stock outstanding under our 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan.
Our 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan permits us to issue up to 7
500
000 shares of our common stock either upon exercise
of stock options granted under such plan or through restricted stock awards under such plan. If the holders of outstanding options
exercise those options or our compensation committee or full board of directors determines to grant additional stock awards under
our incentive plan
 shareholders may experience dilution in the net tangible book value of our common stock. In addition
 9
463
375
shares of our common stock may be issued upon the exercise of warrants. If the holders of the outstanding warrants exercise their
warrants
 shareholders may experience dilution in the net tangible book value of our common stock. Further
 the sale or availability
for sale of the underlying shares in the marketplace as a result of the exercise of existing options
 the grant of additional options
and the exercise of the warrants could depress our stock price.

We do not expect to pay dividends
in the foreseeable future.


declare dividends for the foreseeable future
 as we anticipate that we will reinvest any future earnings in the development and
growth of our business. In addition
 our current Credit Facilities
 and other debt arrangements we may enter into in the future
precludes us from paying dividends. Therefore
 investors will not receive any funds unless they sell their common stock
 and shareholders
may be unable to sell their shares on favorable terms or at all. Investors cannot be assured of a positive return on investment
or that they will not lose the entire amount of their investment in our common stock.

We may issue additional stock without
shareholder consent.


has authority
 without action or vote of the shareholders
 to issue all or part of our authorized but unissued shares. Additional
shares may be issued in connection with future financing
 acquisitions
 employee stock plans
 or otherwise. Any such issuance will
dilute the percentage ownership of existing shareholders. We are also currently authorized to issue up to 20
000
000 shares of
preferred stock. The board of directors can issue preferred stock in one or more series and fix the terms of such stock without
shareholder approval. Preferred stock may include the right to vote as a series on particular matters
 preferences as to dividends
and liquidation
 conversion and redemption rights and sinking fund provisions. The issuance of preferred stock could adversely
affect the rights of the holders of common stock and reduce the value of the common stock. In addition
 specific rights granted
to holders of preferred stock could discourage
 delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company
 even
if doing so would benefit our shareholders. Such issuance could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you
and other shareholders to elect directors of your choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions you desire.


    
    

There is currently a limited trading
market for our common stock and we cannot ensure that one will ever develop or be sustained.


not been a significant liquid trading market for our common stock. We cannot predict how liquid the market for our common stock
might become. We currently do not satisfy the initial listing standards for any major securities exchange
 although we intend
to apply for such an exchange listing when we are able. Currently our common stock is traded on the OTCQB. Should we fail to remain
traded on the OTCQB or not be able to be traded on the OTCQB
 the trading price of our common stock could suffer
 the trading
market for our common stock may be less liquid and our common stock price may be subject to increased volatility. Furthermore
for companies whose securities are quoted on the OTCQB
 it may be more difficult (i) to obtain accurate quotations
 (ii) to obtain
coverage for significant news events because major wire services generally do not publish press releases about such companies
and (iii) to obtain needed capital.


Offers or availability for sale of
a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline.


stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market
 or upon the expiration of any statutory
holding period under Rule 144
 or issued upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants
 it could create a circumstance
commonly referred to as an &ldquo;overhang&rdquo; and in anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could
fall. The existence of an overhang
 whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring
 also could hinder our ability to
raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we
deem reasonable or appropriate.

If we undergo a reverse split of
our common stock
 which our Board and shareholders have currently approved that we do subject to the Board&rsquo;s determination
of the ratio of up to 1:10
 the value of our common stock may be less than the market value of the common stock before the split
multiplied by the split ratio.


information statement
 filed with the SEC on March 26
 2012
 our Board and shareholders have approved a reverse split of up to
1:10; we may in the future undergo a reverse stock split. After completion of such a reverse split
 the post-split market price
of our common stock may be less than the pre-split price multiplied by the split ratio. In addition
 a reduction in the shares
available in the public float may impair the liquidity in the market for our common stock which may reduce the value of our common
stock. There is no assurance that the reverse stock split will allow us to meet the listing requirements of a national exchange.
If we issue additional shares in the future
 it will likely result in the dilution of our existing stockholders.












are located at 10275 Wayzata Boulevard
 Suite 100
 Minnetonka
 Minnesota 55305. We lease 2
813 square feet pursuant to a month-to-month
lease agreement that commenced on May 1
 2012 and was amended effective November 15
 2013. In accordance with this lease
 our lease
term remains on a month-to-month basis
 provided that either party may provide 90 day notice to terminate the lease
 with base
rents of $2
110 per month
 plus common area operations and maintenance charges
 and monthly parking fees of $240 per month
 for
the period from November 15
 2013 to October 31
 2014
 and increases of $117 per month beginning November 1
 2014 and each of the
subsequent three year periods. The owner of the building in which we are located is a company wholly owned by our chairman of the
board of directors.


    
    




2013
 the Company controls approximately 14
300 net acres all in the Bakken and Three Forks trends in North Dakota and Montana.
The leases we control have an initial minimum term of three years.




summarizes our estimated gross and net developed and undeveloped acreage by state at December&nbsp;31
 2013. Net acreage represents
our percentage ownership of gross acreage.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
22
111
4
939
22
902
9
142
45
013
14
081

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
22
431
5
046
23
030
9
254
45
461
14
300





 we acquired
leasehold interests covering an aggregate of approximately 3
571 net mineral acres in our key prospect areas.




 we sold leasehold
interests covering an aggregate of approximately 189 net mineral acres for an average selling price of $3
224 per net acre. The
proceeds of the sales were applied to reduce the capitalized costs of oil and gas properties.




 we traded
950 acres to an operator in exchange for 160 acres in a different geographic location and a drilling carry for the well costs for
our interests in 2 gross (0.12 net) wells.




sets forth the number of gross and net undeveloped acres as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 that will expire over the next three fiscal years
unless production is established within the spacing units covering the acreage prior to the expiration dates:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
13
593
4
951
4
689
1
248
    
    
3
888
2
785

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
13
593
4
951
4
689
1
248
    
    
3
888
2
785



expire in 2014
 2015 and 2016
 we have 680
 118
 and 73 acres
 respectively
 which are under wells that are currently completed
awaiting completion
 drilling
 preparing to drill or permitted.


 of the
remaining undeveloped acreage leases that expire in 2014
 2015 and 2016
 there are 2
741 acres
 293 acres and 112 acres
 respectively
in which we have options to extend the lease.


we had leases encompassing 543 net acres expire with carrying costs of $833
884 that have been transferred to the full cost
pool subject to depletion. Of the leases encompassing 4
951 net acres expiring in 2014
 we estimate that approximately 4
200
net acres with carrying costs of approximately $6
200
000 will expire prior to the commencement of production activities. The
carrying costs of the leases we estimate will expire in 2014 have also been transferred to the full cost pool and are subject
to depletion. We do not believe the acreage expirations are material to our operating plan in future periods.

    
    





summarizes gross and net productive oil wells by state at December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012. A net well represents our percentage ownership
of a gross well. The following table does not include wells in which our interest is limited to overriding royalty interests. The
following table also does not include wells which were awaiting completion
 in the process of completion or awaiting flow back
subsequent to fracture stimulation.



    

 2013

 2012

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





summarizes gross and net exploratory wells as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012. The wells are at various stages of completion and
the costs incurred are included in unevaluated oil and gas properties on our balance sheet.



    

 2013

 2012

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





performing any significant product research and development under our plan of operation.




have any delivery commitments for product obtained from our wells.


    
    

Drilling and Other Exploratory and Development
Activities




presents information about our produced oil and gas volumes during the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. As
of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 we were selling oil and natural gas from a total of 153 gross wells (approximately 4.87 net wells)
and 66 gross wells (approximately 2.30 net wells)
 respectively. All data presented below is derived from accrued revenue and production
volumes for the relevant period indicated. We entered into the oil &amp; gas industry in October of 2010.



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
99
979
71
307

    
52
973
15
756

    
108
808
73
933

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of derivatives
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





recent reserve calculations as of December&nbsp;31
 2013.


reserve report is outlined in our Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404 internal control procedures. Our procedures require that our reserve
report be prepared by a third-party registered independent engineering firm at the end of every year based on information we provide
to such engineer. For our year-end reports we utilized a contracted internal reserve engineer to aid in the preparation of our
reserve estimates. Our internal reserve engineer holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Petroleum and Natural Gas Engineering from
Pennsylvania State University and has over 35 years of experience in North America and International exploration and production
activities. We accumulated historical production data for our wells
 calculate historical lease operating expenses and differentials
update working interests and net revenue interests
 obtain updated authorizations for expenditure (&ldquo;AFEs&rdquo;) from our
operations department and obtain geological and geophysical information from operators. This data is forwarded to our third-party
engineering firm for review and calculation. Our Chief Executive Officer provides a final review of our reserve report and the
assumptions relied upon in such report.


    
    


Sewell &amp; Associates
 Inc. (&ldquo;NSAI&rdquo;)
 an independent reservoir engineering firm
 as our third-party engineering firm
with the preparation of our December&nbsp;31
 2013 reserve report. The selection of NSAI was approved by our Audit Committee. NSAI is
a worldwide leader of petroleum property analysis for industry and financial organizations and government agencies. NSAI was founded
in 1961 and performs consulting petroleum engineering services under Texas Board of Professional Engineers Registration No. F-2699.
Within NSAI
 the technical persons primarily responsible for preparing the estimates set forth in the NSAI reserves report incorporated
herein are Mr.&nbsp;Dan Paul Smith and Mr.&nbsp;John Hattner. Mr.&nbsp;Smith has been practicing consulting petroleum engineering at NSAI since
1980. Mr.&nbsp;Smith is a Licensed Professional Engineer in the State of Texas (License No. 49093) and has over 30 years of practical
experience in petroleum engineering and in the estimation and evaluation of reserves. He graduated from Mississippi State University
in 1973 with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Petroleum Engineering. Mr.&nbsp;Hattner has been practicing consulting petroleum geology
at NSAI since 1991. Mr.&nbsp;Hattner is a Licensed Professional Geoscientist in the State of Texas
 Geology
 (License No. 559) and has
over 30 years of practical experience in petroleum geosciences
 with over 20 years of experience in the estimation and evaluation
of reserves. He graduated from University of Miami
 Florida
 in 1976 with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Geology; from Florida
State University in 1980 with a Master of Science Degree in Geological Oceanography; and from Saint Mary's College of California
in 1989 with a Master of Business Administration Degree. Both technical principals meet or exceed the education
 training
 and
experience requirements set forth in the Standards Pertaining to the Estimating and Auditing of Oil and Gas Reserves Information
promulgated by the Society of Petroleum Engineers; both are proficient in judiciously applying industry standard practices to engineering
and geoscience evaluations as well as applying SEC and other industry reserves definitions and guidelines.


tables below summarize our estimated proved reserves as of December&nbsp;31
 2013
 based upon reports prepared by NSAI. The reports
of our estimated proved reserves in their entirety are based on the information we provide to them.

In
accordance with applicable requirements of the SEC
 estimates of our net proved reserves and future net revenues are made using
average prices at the beginning of each month in the 12-month period prior to the date of such reserve estimates and are held
constant throughout the life of the properties (except to the extent a contract specifically provides for escalation).

The
reserves set forth in the NSAI report for the properties are estimated by performance methods or analogy. In general
reserves attributable to producing wells and/or reservoirs are estimated by performance methods such as decline curve
analysis which utilizes extrapolations of historical production data. Reserves attributable to non-producing and undeveloped
reserves included in our report are estimated by analogy. The estimates of the reserves
 future production
 and income
attributable to properties are prepared using the economic software package PHDW in Petroleum Economic Evaluation Software
 a
copyrighted program of TRC&nbsp;Consultants
&nbsp;L.C.


recoverable crude oil and natural gas reserves and related future net cash flows
 we consider many factors and assumptions including
but not limited to
 the use of reservoir parameters derived from geological
 geophysical and engineering data which cannot be measured
directly
 economic criteria based on current costs and SEC pricing requirements
 and forecasts of future of production rates. Under
the SEC regulations 210.4-10(a)(22)(v) and (26)
 proved reserves must be demonstrated to be economically producible based on existing
economic conditions including the prices and costs at which economic producibility from a reservoir is to be determined as of the
effective date of the report. With respect to the property interests we own
 production and well tests from examined wells
 normal
direct costs of operating the wells or leases
 other costs such as transportation and/or processing fees
 production taxes
 recompletion
and development costs and product prices are based on the SEC regulations
 geological maps
 well logs
 core analyses
 and pressure
measurements.


forth in the NSAI report represents only estimates
 and should not be construed as being exact quantities. They may or may not
be actually recovered
 and if recovered
 the actual revenues and costs could be more or less than the estimated amounts. Moreover
estimates of reserves may increase or decrease as a result of future operations.


    
    


is a subjective process of estimating underground accumulations of crude oil and natural gas that cannot be measured in an exact
manner. There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating crude oil and natural gas reserves and their estimated values
including many factors beyond our control. The accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data
and of engineering and geologic interpretation and judgment. As a result
 estimates of different engineers
 including those used
by us
 may vary. In addition
 estimates of reserves are subject to revision based upon actual production
 results of future development
and exploration activities
 prevailing crude oil and natural gas prices
 operating costs and other factors. The revisions may be
material. Accordingly
 reserve estimates are often different from the quantities of crude oil and natural gas that are ultimately
recovered and are highly dependent upon the accuracy of the assumptions upon which they are based. Our estimated net proved reserves
included in our SEC filings
 have not been filed with or included in reports to any other federal agency.


proved undeveloped reserves will continue to be converted to proved developed producing reserves as additional wells are drilled
within our acreage. We do not have any material amounts of proved undeveloped reserves that have remained undeveloped for five
years or more.



    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
895
149
614
695
997
598
32
378
700

    
32
123
38
098
38
473
1
609
200

    
3
147
220
2
125
800
3
501
520
40
388
800

    
4
074
492
2
778
593
4
537
591
74
376
700




    
    
The SEC Pricing Proved Reserves table above values crude oil

    December&nbsp;31
 2013 assuming a constant realized price of $88.93 per barrel of crude oil and a constant realized price of $8.25
    per Mcf of natural gas. The values presented in both tables above were calculated by NSAI.




    
    
BOE are computed based on a conversion
    ratio of one BOE for each barrel of crude oil and one BOE for every 6
000 cubic feet (i.e.
 6 Mcf) of natural gas.




    
    
Pre-tax PV10% may be considered a non-GAAP
 standardized measure
    of discounted future net cash flows
 which is the most directly comparable standardized financial measure. Pre-tax PV10% is
    computed on the same basis as the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows but without deducting future income
    taxes. We believe Pre-tax PV10% is a useful measure for investors for evaluating the relative monetary significance of our
    crude oil and natural gas properties. We further believe investors may utilize our Pre-tax PV10% as a basis for comparison
    of the relative size and value of our reserves to other companies because many factors that are unique to each individual
    company impact the amount of future income taxes to be paid. Our management uses this measure when assessing the potential
    return on investment related to our crude oil and natural gas properties and acquisitions. However
 Pre-tax PV10% is not a
    substitute for the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows. Our Pre-tax PV10% and the standardized measure
    of discounted future net cash flows do not purport to present the fair value of our crude oil and natural gas reserves. The
    pre-tax PV10% values of our Total Proved Properties in the tables above differ from the tables reconciling our pre-tax PV10%
    value on the following page of this Annual Report due to rounding differences in certain tables of NSAI&rsquo;s reserve report.



prices and costs discounted using an annual discount rate of 10% without future escalation
 without giving effect to non-property
related expenses such as general and administrative expenses
 debt service and depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 or federal
income taxes. The &ldquo;Pre-tax PV10%&rdquo; values of our proved reserves presented in the foregoing tables may be considered
a non-GAAP financial measure as defined by the SEC.


    
    


in estimating quantities of proved reserves
 including many risk factors beyond our control. Reserve engineering is a subjective
process of estimating subsurface accumulations of crude oil and natural gas that cannot be measured in an exact manner. As a result
estimates of proved reserves may vary depending upon the engineer valuing the reserves. Further
 our actual realized price for
our crude oil and natural gas is not likely to average the pricing parameters used to calculate our proved reserves. As such
 the
crude oil and natural gas quantities and the value of those commodities ultimately recovered from our properties will vary from
reserve estimates.




is driven by many factors including certain exploration costs involved in the development of producing reserves
 production levels
and estimates of proved reserve quantities and future developmental costs. The following table presents our depletion expenses
for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013 and 2012.



    



    
    
    

    
3
705
156
2
443
482






we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However
 litigation
is subject to inherent uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm
our business. We are not presently a party to any material litigation
 nor to the knowledge of management is any litigation threatened
against us
 which may materially affect us.









    
    




ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S
COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
 AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES




on the OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;ANFC.&rdquo; The range of high and low bid information for each fiscal quarter during 2013
and 2012 are set forth below:



    
    

    
    
    
    

Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    



reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail markup
 mark-down
 or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.
The closing price of our common stock on the OTCQB on March&nbsp;21
 2014 was $0.84 per share.


 2014
there were approximately 1
900 record holders of our common stock
 not including shares held in &ldquo;street name&rdquo; in brokerage
accounts which is unknown. As of March 21
 2014
 there were approximately 47
979
990 shares of common stock outstanding on record.




We
have not declared or paid any dividends on our common stock since our inception and do not anticipate paying dividends for the
foreseeable future. The payment of dividends is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will depend
 among other
things
 upon our earnings
 our capital requirements
 our financial condition
 and other relevant factors. We intend to reinvest
any earnings in the development and expansion of our business. Any cash dividends in the future to common shareholders will be
payable when
 as and if declared by our board of directors
 based upon the board&rsquo;s assessment of our financial condition
and performance
 earnings
 need for funds
 capital requirements
 prior claims of preferred stock to the extent issued and outstanding
and other factors
 including income tax consequences
There
can be no assurance
 therefore
 that any dividends on our common stock will ever be paid.


    
    


Equity Compensation Plan
Information


2012
 the 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan was approved by our Board and the holders of a majority of our outstanding
shares
 replacing the Ante5
 Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. Amongst other things
 our 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive
Plan increased the number of shares reserved under the Plan to a total of 7
500
000 shares of our common stock. The following
table sets forth certain information regarding our 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan as of December&nbsp;31
 2013:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

6
639
834
    
    
    
800
166



ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 we issued a total of 2
657
500 and 2
110
000 stock options
 respectively
 pursuant to our 2012
Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan. There were 166
667 and 2
122
999 options cancelled during the years ended December&nbsp;31
2013 and 2012
 respectively. Included in the 2012 stock options issued and stock options cancelled
 were stock options that certain
officers and employees of the Company agreed to have cancelled in exchange for new stock option agreements. Under the new stock
option agreements
 covering 1
510
000 options
 each optionee&rsquo;s original number of stock options remained the same.


to our audited financial statements included herein for additional information about our equity compensation plans.




ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 we issued a total of 5
000
000 and 585
000 warrants
 respectively
 to purchase shares of registered
or unregistered common stock.




during the fiscal year ending December&nbsp;31
 2013 in transactions exempt from registration that were not previously included in a
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by us with the SEC.


ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL
DATA.




    
    


ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes to those statements. In addition to historical information
the following discussion and other parts of this annual report contain forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties.




gas exploration and production company. Our properties are located in North Dakota and Montana. Our corporate strategy is the acquisition
exploration
 development and production of crude oil and natural gas properties
 primarily in the Bakken and Three Forks trends
in North Dakota and Montana. As of December&nbsp;31
 2013
 we controlled the rights to mineral leases covering approximately 14
300
net acres for prospective drilling to the Bakken and/or Three Forks formations. Looking forward
 we are pursuing the following
objectives:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



are the key drivers to our business performance:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



2012
 we changed our name to Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. Our common stock is still traded on the OTCQB under the trading symbol
&ldquo;ANFC.&rdquo;



During
2013
 we achieved the following financial and operating results:




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Completed the acquisition of the CP Exploration Assets
 acquiring 2
040 acres and 43 gross (0.92 net) productive wells and assuming 36 gross (0.28 net) wells in progress;

    
    
Ended the year with 1.40 net wells preparing to drill
 drilling
 awaiting completion
 or completing;

    
    
Realized an average selling price of $89.58 per barrel of oil sold
 before the effect of settled derivatives
 as compared to $83.27 in 2012
 an increase of 7.6%;

    
    
    

    
    
    






    
    


Operationally
our 2013 performance reflects a year of successfully executing our strategy of developing our acreage position and building a long-life
reserve base. Our success enabled us to increase proved reserves by 2.2 million BOE
 which is 20 times our 2013 production. During
2013
 production increased 47% to 108
808 BOE as compared to 2012 production of 73
933 BOE. The increase in 2013 production was
driven by a 112% increase in producing net wells from 2.30 net wells at December&nbsp;31
 2012 to 4.87 net wells at December&nbsp;31
 2013.

Total
revenues from oil and gas sales increased 54% in 2013 compared to 2012 driven by the 47% increase in production and an increase
in average realized prices on a BOE basis
 before the effect of settled derivatives
 of 4.7% in 2013 compared to 2012. Significant
changes in crude oil and natural gas prices can have a material impact on our results of operations and our balance sheet.




analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements
 which have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate our estimates
 including those related
to impairment of property
 plant and equipment
 intangible assets
 deferred tax assets and fair value computation using the Black
Scholes option pricing model. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
 such as the trading
value of our common stock and estimated future undiscounted cash flows
 that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily
apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe
that our estimates
 including those for the above-described items
 are reasonable.




consistent application of accounting policies is a vital component of accurately and fairly presenting our financial statements
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP)
 as well as ensuring compliance with applicable
laws and regulations governing financial reporting. While there are rarely alternative methods or rules from which to select in
establishing accounting and financial reporting policies
 proper application often involves significant judgment regarding a given
set of facts and circumstances and a complex series of decisions.




we use to account for our crude oil and natural gas investments determines what costs are capitalized and how these costs are ultimately
matched with revenues and expensed.


cost method of accounting to account for our crude oil and natural gas investments instead of the successful efforts method because
we believe it more accurately reflects the underlying economics of our programs to explore and develop crude oil and natural gas
reserves. The full cost method embraces the concept that dry holes and other expenditures that fail to add reserves are intrinsic
to the crude oil and natural gas exploration business. Thus
 under the full cost method
 all costs incurred in connection with
the acquisition
 development and exploration of crude oil and natural gas reserves are capitalized. These capitalized amounts include
the costs of unproved properties
 internal costs directly related to acquisitions
 development and exploration activities
 asset
retirement costs
 geological and geophysical costs and capitalized interest. Although some of these costs will ultimately result
in no additional reserves
 they are part of a program from which we expect the benefits of successful wells to more than offset
the costs of any unsuccessful ones. The full cost method differs from the successful efforts method of accounting for crude oil
and natural gas investments. The primary difference between these two methods is the treatment of exploratory dry hole costs. These
costs are generally expensed under the successful efforts method when it is determined that measurable reserves do not exist. Geological
and geophysical costs are also expensed under the successful efforts method. Under the full cost method
 both dry hole costs and
geological and geophysical costs are initially capitalized and classified as unproved properties pending determination of proved
reserves. If no proved reserves are discovered
 these costs are then amortized with all the costs in the full cost pool.


    
    



except unproved costs are depleted using the units of production method. The depletion expense per unit of production is the ratio
of the sum of our unamortized historical costs and estimated future development costs to our proved reserve volumes. Estimation
of hydrocarbon reserves relies on professional judgment and use of factors that cannot be precisely determined. Subsequent reserve
estimates materially different from those reported would change the depletion expense recognized during the future reporting periods.


costs in our full cost pool (net of depreciation
 depletion and amortization and related deferred taxes) exceed the sum of the
present value (using a 10% discount rate and based on period-end crude oil and natural gas prices) of the estimated future net
cash flows from our proved crude oil and natural gas reserves and the capitalized cost associated with our unproved properties
we would have a capitalized ceiling impairment. Such costs would be charged to operations as a reduction of the carrying value
of crude oil and natural gas properties. The risk that we will be required to write down the carrying value of our crude oil and
natural gas properties increases when crude oil and natural gas prices are depressed
 even if the low prices are temporary. In
addition
 capitalized ceiling impairment charges may occur if we experience poor drilling results or estimations of our proved
reserves are substantially reduced. A capitalized ceiling impairment is a reduction in earnings that does not impact cash flows
but does impact operating income and shareholders&rsquo; equity. Once recognized
 a capitalized ceiling impairment charge to crude
oil and natural gas properties cannot be reversed at a later date. The risk that we will experience a ceiling test impairment increases
when crude oil and natural gas prices are depressed or if we have substantial downward revisions in our estimated proved reserves.
During the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 we did not incur an impairment pursuant to our ceiling test. No assurance can
be given that we will not experience capitalized ceiling impairment charges in future periods. In addition
 capitalized ceiling
impairment charges may occur if estimates of proved hydrocarbon reserves are substantially reduced or estimates of future development
costs increase significantly.




depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense as well as impairments that are recognized on our crude oil and natural gas properties
will be highly dependent on the estimates of the proved crude oil and natural gas reserves attributable to our properties. Our
estimate of proved reserves will be based on the quantities of crude oil and natural gas which geological and engineering data
demonstrate
 with reasonable certainty
 to be recoverable in the future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and
operating conditions. The accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data
 engineering and geological
interpretation
 and judgment. For example
 we must estimate the amount and timing of future operating costs
 production taxes and
development costs
 all of which may in fact vary considerably from actual results. In addition
 as the prices of crude oil and
natural gas and cost levels change from year to year
 the economics of producing our reserves may change and therefore the estimate
of proved reserves may also change. Any significant variance in these assumptions could materially affect the estimated quantity
and value of our reserves.


present value of the future net cash flows attributable to our proved crude oil and natural gas reserves are estimates only and
should not be construed as the current market value of the estimated crude oil and natural gas reserves attributable to our properties.
Thus
 such information includes revisions of certain reserve estimates attributable to our properties included in the prior year&rsquo;s
estimates. These revisions reflect additional information from subsequent activities
 production history of the properties involved
and any adjustments in the projected economic life of such properties resulting from changes in crude oil and natural gas prices.
Any future downward revisions could adversely affect our financial condition
 our borrowing ability
 our future prospects and the
value of our common stock.


proved crude oil and natural gas reserves used in the preparation of our financial statements are prepared by a registered independent
petroleum consultant in accordance with the rules promulgated by the SEC.


    
    





obligations to plug and abandon our crude oil and natural gas wells and related equipment. Liabilities for asset retirement obligations
are recorded at fair value in the period incurred. The related asset value is increased by the same amount. Asset retirement costs
included in the carrying amount of the related asset are subsequently allocated to expense as part of our depletion calculation.
Additionally
 increases in the discounted asset retirement liability resulting from the passage of time are reported as accretion
of discount on asset retirement obligations expense on our Statement of Operations.


retirement obligations requires us to make estimates and judgments regarding timing
 existence of a liability
 as well as what
constitutes adequate restoration. We use the present value of estimated cash flows related to our asset retirement obligations
to determine the fair value. Present value calculations inherently incorporate numerous assumptions and judgments
 which include
the ultimate retirement and restoration costs
 inflation factors
 credit adjusted discount rates
 timing of settlement
 and changes
in the legal
 regulatory
 environmental and political environments. To the extent future revisions to these assumptions impact
the present value of our existing asset retirement obligation liability
 a corresponding adjustment will be made to the carrying
cost of the related asset.




from the sale of the crude oil and natural gas from our interests in producing wells; hence our revenue recognition policy for
these sales is significant. We recognize revenue from the sale of crude oil and natural gas when production is delivered to
 and
title has transferred to
 the purchaser and to the extent the selling price is reasonably determinable. Settlements for hydrocarbon
sales can occur up to two months
 or more
 after the end of the month in which the crude oil
 natural gas or other hydrocarbon
products were produced. We estimate and accrue for the value of these sales using information available to us at the time our financial
statements are generated. Differences are reflected in the accounting period that payments are received from the operator.




to manage a portion of the market risks resulting from fluctuations in the prices of oil and natural gas. We may periodically enter
into derivative contracts
 including price swaps
 caps and floors
 which require payments to (or receipts from) counterparties
based on the differential between a fixed price and a variable price for a fixed quantity of oil or natural gas without the exchange
of underlying volumes. The notional amounts of these financial instruments are based on expected production from existing wells.
We have
 and may continue to use exchange traded futures contracts and option contracts to hedge the delivery price of oil at a
future date.


are carried at their fair value on the balance sheet and are marked-to-market at the end of each period. Any realized gains and
losses are recorded to gain (loss) on settled derivatives and unrealized gains or losses are recorded to (losses) gains on the
mark-to-market of derivative instruments on the statements of comprehensive income rather than as a component of accumulated other
comprehensive income. See Note 14 for a description of the derivative contracts which we executed during 2013 and 2012.


flows from derivatives are reported as cash flows from operating activities.




are recognized for temporary differences in financial statement and tax basis amounts that will result in deductible amounts and
carry-forwards in future years. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for temporary differences that will result in taxable amounts
in future years. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax law and tax rate(s) for the year in which we
expect the temporary differences to be deducted or settled. The effect of a change in tax law or rates on the valuation of deferred
tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period of enactment. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance
when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized. Significant future taxable income would be required to realize this net tax asset.


of the valuation allowance is dependent on estimates of future taxable income
 alternative minimum tax income
 and changes in shareholder
ownership that would trigger limits on use of net operating losses under Internal Revenue Code Section 382.



    
    





investments
 accounts receivable and accounts payable are stated at cost which approximates fair value due to the short-term nature
of these instruments. In January 2010
 the FASB issued an amendment to the accounting standards related to the disclosures about
an entity&rsquo;s use of fair value measurements. Among these amendments
 entities will be required to provide enhanced disclosures
about transfers into and out of the Level 1 (fair value determined based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
and liabilities) and Level 2 (fair value determined based on significant other observable inputs) classifications
 provide separate
disclosures about purchases
 sales
 issuances and settlements relating to the tabular reconciliation of beginning and ending balances
of the Level 3 (fair value determined based on significant unobservable inputs) classification and provide greater disaggregation
for each class of assets and liabilities that use fair value measurements. We do not expect that the adoption of this new standard
will have a material impact to our financial statements.




accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 management utilizes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Our estimates of our proved crude oil and natural gas reserves
 future development costs
 estimates relating to certain crude oil
and natural gas revenues and expenses
 fair value of certain investments
 and deferred income taxes are or will be the most critical
to our financial statements.






    
    


Results of Operations for the Years
Ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012.


summarizes selected items from the statement of operations for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012.



    



    
    
    

    
9
276
656
6
022
540

    
53
482
    

    
(213
676
    

    
9
116
462
6
022
540

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
145
686
649
603

    
1
015
907
692
527

    
2
299
757
3
530
643

    
3
705
156
2
443
482

    
9
019
4
557

    
24
001
24
206

    
8
199
526
7
345
018

    
    
    

    
916
936
(1
322
478

    
    
    

    
(2
018
446
9
954
489

    
    
    

    
(1
101
510
8
632
011

    
    
    

    
698
851
(3
720
601

    
    
    

    
(402
659
4
911
410





recognized $9
276
656 in  oil and gas sales for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 compared to oil and gas sales of
$6
022
540 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 an increase of $3
254
116
 or 54%. Our oil and gas sales are generated
from drilling and development of producing wells. We had 153 gross producing wells as of December&nbsp;31
 2013
 and an
additional 55 wells that were either in the drilling preparation
 drilling
 awaiting completion
 or completing stages
compared to 66 gross producing wells
 and an additional nine wells that were either in the drilling preparation
 drilling
awaiting completion
 or completing stages as of December&nbsp;31
 2012.


a lease for mineral rights from the State of North Dakota on February 14
 2012 for 110 acres
 or an 8.7% working interest in the
Dahl Federal 2-15H well that spud on January 6
 2012. The acreage we purchased lies within the riverbed of the Missouri River and
there is currently third-party litigation ongoing in the State of North Dakota pertaining to the state&rsquo;s ownership claim
to similar riparian acreage. We have signed an AFE for the well and the operator has agreed to retroactively honor the AFE if the
state is successful in defending its ownership claim. As a result we have not capitalized any of the AFE costs or recognized any
sales from this well. The well started production on May 21
 2012. Had we recognized the revenue from this well we would have recorded
approximately an additional $451
000 and $468
000 in oil and gas sales for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 respectively.
In the event the state is not successful in defending its ownership claim
 the state is required to refund the Company the cost
to purchase the lease.


    
    





December&nbsp;31
 2013 we had a gain on settled derivatives of $53
482. We had no derivative instruments in 2012.


derivative losses of $213
676 in 2013 resulting in a net derivative liability of $213
676. 2013 was the first year we entered into
derivative contracts.






were $1
145
686 and $649
603 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 an increase of $496
083
 or 76%. Our
production expenses are greater in the comparative period due to our rapid expansion and increased acreage holdings. Production
expenses as a percentage of oil and gas sales increased from 10.8% in 2012 to 12.4% in
2013. On a per Boe basis
 production expenses increased from $8.79 per Boe to $10.53 per Boe
 primarily due to increased water
disposal costs and increased workover and related expense.




$1
015
907 and $692
527 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 an increase of $323
380
 or 47%. Production
taxes are based on realized oil and gas sales. Production taxes represent 11.0% and 11.5% of oil and gas sales
 respectively for 2013 and 2012
 the decrease driven by increased oil and gas production in Montana
 which
has a lower tax rate.




expenses for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 were $2
299
757
 compared to $3
530
643 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012. The
decrease for 2013 as compared to 2012 was $1
230
886
 or 35%
 and is primarily attributed to a 2012 expense of $438
539 related
to the fair value of common stock granted as a non-refundable deposit on acreage acquisitions that we decided not to complete and
$370
934 of non-contingent legal costs associated with litigation settlement activity that were expensed as incurred. Additionally
option related stock compensation costs decreased by $206
092 in 2013 as compared to 2012.




is driven by many factors
 including certain exploration costs involved in the development of producing reserves
 production levels
and estimates of proved reserve quantities and future developmental costs. We recognized depletion expense of $3
705
156 for the
year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 compared to $2
443
482 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 an increase of $1
261
674
 or 52%. The
increase was due primarily to increased production as our production on a Boe basis increased 47%. Additionally
 during 2013 we
moved approximately $6.2 million in costs associated with expected 2014 lease expirations into our depreciable cost pool
 increasing
our depreciation by approximately $145
000
 or 6% of the 52% year over year increase.





for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 was $24
001
 compared to $24
206 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012.



    
    





for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 was ($2
018
446) compared to $9
954
489 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 a net difference
of $11
972
935.


and (expenses) for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 consisted of a net gain of $361
505 due to an additional settlement proceed
net of expenses
 related to the Peerless/ElectraWorks settlement resulting from the legalization of on-line gaming in New Jersey
$408 of interest income earned on money market accounts and ($2
380
359) of interest expense. Interest expense includes ($307
822)
of amortized warrant costs and ($750
155) of amortized debt issuance costs. Amortization of the fair value of the warrants and
deferred financing costs related to the Dougherty facility were accelerated in 2013 due to termination of the Dougherty credit
facility in the third quarter of 2013 as part of our refinancing.


and (expenses) for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 consisted of a net gain of $11
145
895 due to the settlement
 net of expenses
of the Peerless/ElectraWorks arbitration and the Deloitte &amp; Touche litigation
 $1
872 of interest income earned on money market
accounts
 and ($1
193
278) of interest expense. Interest expense includes ($317
652) of amortized warrant costs and ($190
580)
of amortized debt issuance costs for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012. Amortization of the warrants and debt issuance costs on
the PrenAnte5 Credit Agreement were accelerated due to the Company&rsquo;s repayment and voluntary termination of the revolving
credit facility on April 12
 2012.




of $698
851 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 compared to income tax expense of $3
720
601 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
a difference of $4
419
452 comparing 2013 to 2012
 primarily due to additional income tax expense in 2012 related to the Peerless/ElectraWorks
settlement and Deloitte &amp; Touche settlement.





was ($402
659) compared to net income in 2012 of $4
911
410. Our net income contained settlement income
 net of settlement expenses
and estimated taxes
 of $227
505 and $6
355
895 in 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Operating income (expense)
 total revenue less
operating expenses
 was $916
936 and ($1
322
478) in 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 as 2012 administrative expenses carried a $438
539
one-time expense related to the fair value of common stock granted as a non-refundable deposit on an acreage acquisition we decided
not to complete and $370
934 in non-contingent legal fees related to the settlement income. Additionally
 production and revenues
increased faster than administrative expenses
 before the one-time stock grant and the non-contingent legal fees
 when comparing
2013 against 2012. Interest expense increased from $1
193
278 in 2012 to $2
380
359 in 2013 as we funded well development and property
acquisitions through debt and operating income in 2013.




    
    





net income (loss) as defined under GAAP
 we also present Adjusted Net Income (Loss) and Adjusted EBITDA. We define Adjusted Net
Income (Loss) as net income excluding settlement income
 net of settlement expenses
 and tax. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net
income before (i) interest expense
 (ii) income taxes
 (iii) depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 (iv) accretion of abandonment
liability
 and (v) non-cash expenses relating to share based payments recognized under ASC Topic 718. We believe the use of non-GAAP
financial measures provides useful information to investors regarding our current financial performance; however
 Adjusted Net
Income (Loss) and Adjusted EBITDA do not represent
 and should not be considered alternatives to GAAP measurements. We believe
these measures are useful in evaluating our fundamental core operating performance. Specifically
 we believe the non-GAAP Adjusted
Net Income (Loss) and Adjusted EBITDA results provide useful information to both management and investors by excluding certain
income and expenses that our management believes are not indicative of our core operating results. Although we use Adjusted Net
Income (Loss) and Adjusted EBITDA to manage our business
 including the preparation of our annual operating budget and financial
projections
 we believe that non-GAAP financial measures have limitations and do not reflect all of the amounts associated with
our results of operations as determined in accordance with GAAP and that these measures should only be used to evaluate our results
of operations in conjunction with the corresponding GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of Adjusted Net Income (Loss) and
Adjusted EBITDA to Net Income
 GAAP
 are included below:



    



    
    
    

    
(402
659
4
911
410

    
    
    


 net of tax 
(227
505
(6
355
895

    
(630
164
(1
444
485

    
    
    

    
47
979
990
47
789
225

    
47
979
990
48
061
239

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of tax
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of tax
    
    

    
    
    

 Adjusted to reflect tax
expense
 computed based on our effective tax rates of approximately 37% in 2013 and 43% in 2012
 of $134
000 and $4
790
000
 respectively
for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012.



    
    




    



    
    
    

    
(402
659
4
911
410

    
    
    


 net
 excluding amortization of

    
    

072

    
    
    


    


    
(698
851
3
720
601


 depletion
 and amortization
3
729
157
2
467
688

    
9
019
4
557

    
    
438
539

    
951
639
1
167
561


    derivatives
213
676
    

    
    
    

    
5
874
110
13
584
110



for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 includes settlement income
 net of settlement expenses
 of $361
505 and $11
145
895
respectively.




summarizes our total current assets
 liabilities and working capital at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013 and 2012.



    



    
    
    

    
4
296
618
6
171
023

    
    
    

    
8
597
588
3
291
426

    
    
    

    
(4
300
970
2
879
597



 2013 we had negative
working capital of $4
300
970.


summarizes our cash flows during the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013 and 2012
 respectively.



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
6
085
365
16
367
625

    
(32
338
413
(21
304
037

    
25
986
055
4
952
611

    
    
    

    
(266
993
16
199



from operations are primarily affected by production volumes and commodity prices. Net cash provided by operating activities was
$6
085
365 and $16
367
625 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2013 and 2012
 respectively
 a decrease of $10
282
260. The
decrease was primarily due to the effects of activity related to the settlement of the Deloitte &amp; Touche and Peerless/ElectraWorks
litigation. Net cash received from settlements and related royalty income received prior to the settlements
 after payment of related
settlement expenses
 was approximately $2
585
271 and $14
630
300 in 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 a difference of $12
045
029.
Offsetting the decrease related to settlement activity was an increase in operating income of $2
239
414
 which is due to a 47%
increase in production on a Boe basis. Changes in current assets
 aside from those associated with settlement activity
 resulted
in a decrease in cash of approximately $920
547 and $17
716 in 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 a net decrease of $902
831 for 2013
as compared to 2012.


    
    




activities was $32
338
413 and $21
304
037 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 an increase of $11
034
376.
The increase was primarily the due to an increase in purchases and development of oil and gas properties of $10
812
654. In 2013
we acquired the CPX properties for $20
680
032. Other purchases of oil and gas properties in 2013 amounted to $4
150
622 and we
paid for $7
195
070 in well development costs. Other drivers for investing activities in 2013 included advances of $882
604 to
operators for future well development and proceeds from the sale of oil and gas properties of $608
387. In 2012
 cash applied to
the purchase of oil and gas properties totaled $21
213
070
 including $3
421
828 of purchases of oil and gas properties and $17
791
242
paid for the development of oil and gas wells. In 2012
 we also advanced operators $1
977
188 for future well development and received
$1
893
649 in proceeds from the sale of oil and gas properties.


from financing was $25
986
055 and $4
952
611 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 an increase of $21
033
444.
We drew $26
851
156 and $5
748
844
 net of repayments
 on our credit facilities in 2013 and 2012 respectively. The increase is
largely a result of having the ability to fund a large portion of our investing activity with proceeds from litigation settlements
in 2012. We paid $865
101 and $796
233 in debt issuance costs in 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 primarily related refinancing activity.

Senior Credit Facility and Subordinated
Credit Facilities


 as borrower
entered into a Credit Agreement dated August 8
 2013 and amendments thereto dated December 13
 2013 and March 24
 2014 (as amended
) with Cadence Bank
 N.A. (&ldquo;Cadence&rdquo;)
 as lender (the &ldquo;Senior
Credit Facility&rdquo;). Under the terms of the Senior Credit Agreement
 a senior secured revolving line of credit in the maximum
aggregate principal amount of $50 million is available from time to time (i) for direct investment in oil and gas properties
 (ii)
for general working capital purposes
 including the issuance of letters of credit
 and (iii) to refinance existing debt under the
Company&rsquo;s credit facility with Dougherty Funding LLC.


the Senior Credit Facility is at all times subject to the then-applicable borrowing base
 determined by Cadence in a manner consistent
with the normal and customary oil and gas lending practices of Cadence. Availability was initially set at $7 million and is subject
to periodic redeterminations. The availability was increased to $18 million commensurate with the CPX acquisition. Subject to availability
under the borrowing base
 the Company may borrow
 repay and re-borrow funds in amounts of $250
000 or more. At the Company&rsquo;s
election
 the unpaid principal balance of any borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility may bear interest at either (i) the Base
Rate
 as defined in the Senior Credit Facility
 plus the applicable margin
 which varies from 1.00% to 1.50% or (ii) the LIBOR
rate
 as defined in the Senior Credit Facility
 plus the applicable margin
 which varies from 3.00% to 3.50%. Interest is payable
for Base Rate loans on the last business day of the month and for LIBOR loans on the last LIBOR business day of each LIBOR interest
period. The Company is also required to pay a quarterly fee of 0.50% on any unused portion of the borrowing base
 as well as a
facility fee of 0.90% of the initial and any subsequent additions to the borrowing base.


will mature on August 8
 2016. The Company may prepay the entire amount of Base Rate loans at any time
 and may prepay the entire
amount of LIBOR loans upon at least three business days&rsquo; notice to Cadence. The Senior Credit Facility is secured by first
priority interests in mortgages on substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 including but not limited to the Company&rsquo;s
mineral interests in North Dakota and Montana.


2013 the Company had borrowings of $13 million outstanding under the Senior Credit Agreement.



    
    



 as borrower
entered into a Second Lien Credit Agreement dated August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013 and amendments thereto dated December 13
 2013 and March
24
 2014 (as amended
 the &ldquo;Subordinated Credit Agreement&rdquo;) with Chambers Energy Management
&nbsp;LP
 as administrative
agent (&ldquo;Chambers&rdquo;)
 and the several other lenders named therein (the &ldquo;Subordinated Credit Facility&rdquo;). Under
the Subordinated Credit Facility
 term loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $75 million are available from time to
time (i) to repay the Previous Credit Facility
 (ii) for fees and closing costs in connection with both the Senior Credit Facility
and the Subordinated Credit Facility (together
 the &ldquo;Credit Facilities&rdquo;)
 and (iii) general corporate purposes.


Agreement provides for initial commitment availability of $25 million
 subject to customary conditions
 with the remaining commitments
subject to the approval of Chambers and other customary conditions. The Company may borrow the available commitments in amounts
of $5 million or more and shall not request borrowings of such loans more than once a month
 provided that the initial draw must
be at least $15 million. Loans under the Subordinated Credit Facility shall be funded net of a 2% OID. The unpaid principal balance
of borrowings under the Subordinated Credit Facility bears interest at the Cash Interest Rate plus the PIK Interest Rate. The Cash
Interest Rate is 9.00% per annum plus a rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) 1.00% and (ii) the offered rate for three-month
deposits in U.S. dollars that appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR 01 as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the second full LIBOR business
day preceding the first day of each calendar quarter. The PIK Interest Rate is equal to 4.00% per annum. Interest is payable on
the last day of each month. The Company is also required to pay an annual nonrefundable administration fee of $50
000 and a monthly
availability fee computed at a rate of 0.50% per annum on the average daily amount of any unused portion of the available amount
under the commitment.


Facility matures on June&nbsp;30
 2017. Upon at least three business days&rsquo; written notice
 the Company may prepay the entire amount
under the loans
 together with accrued interest. Each prepayment made prior to the second anniversary of the funding date
 as defined
in the Subordinated Credit Facility
 shall be accompanied by a make-whole amount
 as defined in the Subordinated Credit Agreement.
Prepayments made on or after the second anniversary of the funding date shall be accompanied by an applicable premium
 as set forth
in the Subordinated Credit Agreement. The Subordinated Credit Facility is secured by second priority interests on substantially
all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 including but not limited to second priority mortgages on the Company&rsquo;s mineral interests
in North Dakota and Montana.


the Subordinated Credit Facility occurred on September 9
 2013 at which time we drew $14
700
000
 net of a $300
000 original issue
discount
 from the Subordinated Credit Agreement and used $10
226
057 of those proceeds to repay and terminate the Dougherty revolving
credit facility. We drew an additional $4
900
000
 net of a $100
000 original issue discount
 as part of the funding for the CPX
Acquisition on December 12
 2013.


have entered into an Intercreditor Agreement dated August 8
 2013 (the &ldquo;Intercreditor Agreement&rdquo;). The Intercreditor
Agreement provides that any liens on the assets of the Company securing indebtedness under the Subordinated Credit Facility are
subordinate to liens on the assets securing indebtedness under the Senior Credit Facility and sets forth the respective rights
obligations and remedies of the lenders under the Senior Credit Facility with respect to their first priority liens and the lenders
under the Subordinated Credit Facility with respect to their second priority liens.


require customary affirmative and negative covenants for credit facilities of the respective types and sizes for companies operating
in the oil and gas industry
 as well as customary events of default. Furthermore
 the Credit Facilities contain financial covenants
that require the Company to satisfy certain specified financial ratios. The Senior Credit Agreement requires the Company to maintain
(i) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company
 a collateral coverage ratio (reserve value plus consolidated working
capital to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June&nbsp;30
 2014
 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarters
ending September 30
 2014 and December&nbsp;31
 2014
 and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31
 2015 and thereafter
 (ii) a
ratio of current assets to current liabilities of a minimum of 1.0 to 1.0
 (iii) a net debt to EBITDAX
 as defined in the Senior
Credit Agreement
 ratio of 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ended March 31
 2014
 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ended June&nbsp;30
 2014
and September 30
 2014
 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ended March 31
2015 and thereafter
 in each case calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis
 (iv) a maximum senior leverage ratio of
not more than 2.5 to 1.0 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis
 and (v) a minimum interest coverage ratio of not
less than 3.0 to 1.0. The Subordinated Credit Agreement requires the Company to maintain (i) as of the last day of each fiscal
quarter of the Company
 a collateral coverage ratio (reserve value plus consolidated working capital to adjusted indebtedness)
of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June&nbsp;30
 2014
 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarters ending September 30
 2014 and
December&nbsp;31
 2014
 and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31
 2015 and thereafter
 (ii) as of the last day of each fiscal
quarter of the Company
 a consolidated net leverage ratio (adjusted total indebtedness less the amount of unrestricted cash equivalents
to consolidated EBITDA) of no more than 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31
 2014
 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ending
June&nbsp;30
 2014 and September 30
 2014
 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&nbsp;31
 2014
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending
March 31
 2015 and thereafter
 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis
 (iii) as of the last day of any fiscal quarter
of the Company
 a consolidated cash interest coverage ratio (consolidated EBITDA to consolidated cash interest expense) of no less
than 2.5 to 1.0
 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis and (iv) as of the last day of any period of four consecutive
fiscal quarters of the Company
 a ratio of consolidated current assets to consolidated current liabilities of at least 1.0 to 1.0.
In addition
 each of the Credit Facilities requires that the Company enter into hedging agreements prior to funding with regard
to no less than 50% and no greater than 75% of its future oil production on currently producing wells. The Company is in compliance
with all covenants
 as amended
 for the period ending December&nbsp;31
 2013.



    
    



the Subordinated Credit Facility
 the Company agreed to issue to the lenders detachable warrants to purchase up to 5
000
000 shares
of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.65 per share. The warrants expire on August 8
 2018. Proceeds from
the loan were allocated between the debt and equity based on the relative fair values at the time of issuance
 resulting in a debt
discount of $2
473
576 at issuance that is presented as a debt discount on the balance sheet and is being amortized using the effective
interest method over the life of the credit facility
 which matures on June&nbsp;30
 2017. A total of $199
632 was amortized during
the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013. The remaining unamortized balance of the debt discount attributable to the warrants is $2
273
944
as of December&nbsp;31
 2013.

Dougherty Revolving Credit Facility (former
credit facility)



 2012
the Company entered into a Secured Revolving Credit Agreement with Dougherty Funding
 LLC (&ldquo;Dougherty&rdquo;) as Lender
which was subsequently amended on September 5
 2012 and December&nbsp;14
&nbsp;2012 with an Amended and Restated Secured Revolving
Credit Agreement (collectively the &ldquo;Dougherty Credit Facility&rdquo;).


Facility provided for a maximum available amount of $20 million
 of which $16.5 million was available prior to termination of the
facility
 with interest payable on the outstanding balance at a rate of 9.25% per year and a maturity date of August 1
 2015. In
connection with the amended financing
 the Company issued Dougherty Funding
 LLC warrants to purchase 585
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock at an exercise price of $0.38 per share. The warrants expire on August 31
 2015.


on April 12
 2012 of $2
450
000
 and used $2
051
722 of the proceeds to repay and terminate our predecessor PrenAnte5 revolving
credit facility
 including interest of $51
722.


 2013
we repaid the Dougherty Credit Facility with proceeds from the Subordinated Credit Facility.


are expected to grow as our wells are placed into production
 our revenues are not expected to exceed our investment developing
oil and gas wells and our operating costs throughout 2014. However
 our availability under our credit facilities provides ample
funding for our property acquisition and development plans through those same periods. Our prospects still must be considered in
light of the risks
 expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stage of development. Such risks
for us include
 but are not limited to
 potential failure to earn revenues or to sufficiently monetize certain claims that we have
for payments that are owed to us; an inability to identify investment and expansion targets; and dissipation of existing assets.
To address these risks
 we must
 among other things
 seek growth opportunities through investment and acquisitions in the oil and
gas industry
 effectively monitor and manage our claims for payments that are owed to us
 implement and successfully execute our
business strategy
 respond to competitive developments
 and attract
 retain and motivate qualified personnel. We cannot assure
that we will be successful in addressing such risks
 and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business
prospects
 financial condition and results of operations.



    
    


Satisfaction of our cash obligations
for the next 12 months


2013
 our balance of cash and cash equivalents was $1
150
347. Our plan for satisfying our cash requirements for the next twelve
months
 in addition to our revenues from oil and gas sales is through draws on our credit facilities
 sale of properties that do
not meet our investment criteria
 and potential sale or use of shares of our stock.




gas industry is very cyclical and the demand for goods and services of crude oil field companies
 suppliers and others associated
with the industry put extreme pressure on the economic stability and pricing structure within the industry. Typically
 as prices
for crude oil and natural gas increase
 so do all associated costs. Conversely
 in a period of declining prices
 associated cost
declines are likely to lag and may not adjust downward in proportion. Material changes in prices also impact our current revenue
stream
 estimates of future reserves
 impairment assessments of crude oil and natural gas properties
 and values of properties
in purchase and sale transactions. Material changes in prices can impact the value of crude oil and natural gas companies and their
ability to raise capital
 borrow money and retain personnel. While we do not currently expect business costs to materially increase
higher prices for crude oil and natural gas could result in increases in the costs of materials
 services and personnel.




summarizes our obligations and commitments as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 to make future payments under certain contracts
 aggregated
by category of obligation
 for specified time periods:




    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
13
000
000
    
    
13
000
000

    
    
    
20
000
000
    
20
000
000

    
2
634
212
5
325
489
1
160
680
    
9
120
381

    
    
    
3
232
285
    
3
232
285

    
8
218
243
    
    
    
8
218
243

    
10
852
455
18
325
489
24
392
965
    
53
570
909








interest rate in effect as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 remains in effect throughout life of loan and;





Additional commitments on our Authorization for Expenditures (&ldquo;AFE&rdquo;) not accrued as
of December&nbsp;31
 2013.

Summary of product and research and development that we
will perform for the term of our plan.


significant research and development expenditures in the future.




the purchase or sale of any plant or significant equipment as such items are not required by us at this time.




2013
 we had six employees
 our chief executive officer
 Kenneth DeCubellis
 our chief financial officer
 James Moe
 our chief
operating officer
 Michael Eisele and three other employees. Currently
 there are no organized labor agreements or union agreements
and we do not anticipate any in the future.


to expand our oil and gas business by participating in additional drilling opportunities and continuing to acquire new mineral
leases
 we may need to hire additional employees. In the interim
 we intend to use the services of independent consultants and
contractors to perform various professional services when appropriate. We believe the use of third-party service providers may
enhance our ability to control general and administrative expenses and operate efficiently.


    
    





off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
revenues
 expenses
 results of operations liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors.


Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk




for our oil and natural gas production heavily influences our revenue
 profitability
 access to capital and future rate of growth.
Oil and natural gas are commodities and
 therefore
 their prices are subject to wide fluctuations in response to relatively minor
changes in supply and demand and other factors. Historically
 the markets for oil and natural gas have been volatile
 and our management
believes these markets will likely continue to be volatile in the future. The prices we receive for our production depend on numerous
factors beyond our control. Our revenue during 2013 generally would have increased or decreased along with any increases or decreases
in oil or natural gas prices
 but the exact impact on our income is indeterminable given the variety of expenses associated with
producing and selling oil that also increase and decrease along with oil prices.


into derivative contracts to achieve a more predictable cash flow by reducing our exposure to oil price volatility. All of
our derivative positions are carried at their fair value on the balance sheet and are marked-to-market at the end of each
period. Any realized gains and losses are recorded to gain (loss) on settled derivatives and mark-to-market gains or losses
are recorded to losses on the mark-to-market of derivatives on the statements of operations as a component of total
revenues.


to economically hedge a significant
 but varying portion of our anticipated future production over a rolling 36 month horizon.
Any payments due to counterparties under our derivative contracts are funded by proceeds received from the sale of our production.
Production receipts
 however
 lag payments to the counterparties. Any interim cash needs are funded by cash from operations or
borrowings under our Credit Facilities.


Company&rsquo;s derivative contracts are settled based on reported settlement prices on commodity exchanges
 with crude
oil derivative settlements based on NYMEX West Texas Intermediate (&ldquo;WTI&rdquo;) pricing. The following table reflects
open commodity swap contracts as of December&nbsp;31
 2013
 the associated volumes and the corresponding fixed price.



    
    
    

    
    
    

Swaps-Crude
                                                                                   Oil
    
    

    
44
004
    

    
39
996
    

    
24
000
    



2013
 we had a total volume on open commodity swaps of 108
000 barrels at a weighted average price of approximately 



    
    



reflects the weighted average price of open commodity swap derivative contracts as of December&nbsp;31
 2013
 by year with associated
volumes.



Weighted
    Average Price of

Open
    Commodity Swap Contracts

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
84
000
    
    
    

    
    
24
000
    
    
    



open commodity swap contracts
 we have entered into costless collar contracts. The costless collars are used to establish floor
and ceiling prices on anticipated crude oil production. There were no premiums paid or received by us related to the costless collar
contracts. The following table reflects open costless collar contracts as of December&nbsp;31
 2013.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Costless
    Collars &ndash; Crude Oil
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
36
000
    
    
    
    

    
    
10
002
    
    
    
    





are tied to LIBOR if and when the associated LIBOR rate goes above 1%. As a result
 changes in interest rates can impact our financial
results and cash flows. A 1% increase in short-term interest rates on our floating-rate debt as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 would cost
us approximately $336
000 in additional interest expense annually.



    
    



ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA OF BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER&nbsp;31
 2013
AND 2012








    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    

    
    
    



    
    

    
    
    



    
    

    
    
    



    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





    
    







REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM




 Inc.



sheets of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 and the related statements
of operations
 stockholders' equity
 and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company
is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits
included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.


 the financial statements
referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. as of December
31
 2013 and 2012
 and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods described above in conformity with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles.


/s/ M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC



 Texas

 2014



    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
BALANCE
SHEETS



    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
150
347
1
417
340

    
1
905
467
856
233

    
    
2
500
000

    
1
214
662
1
350
295

    
26
142
47
155

    
4
296
618
6
171
023

    
    
    

    
    
    


 full cost method of accounting:
    
    

    
79
361
432
35
248
983

    
2
798
795
9
055
513

    
115
482
85
917

    
82
275
709
44
390
413


 accumulated depreciation
 amortization
 depletion and allowance for impairment
(9
513
434
(5
793
184


 net
72
762
275
38
597
229

    
    
    


 net
772
883
657
702

    
    
    

    
77
831
776
45
425
954

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
8
453
709
2
953
526

    
    
160
000


 related party
    
116
234

    
4
813
61
666

    
139
065
    

    
8
597
587
3
291
426

    
    
    

    
74
611
    

    
160
665
67
145


 net of discounts of $2
645
582 and $-0-
 respectively
30
556
301
5
748
844

    
4
033
845
4
732
696

    
    
    

    
43
423
009
13
840
111

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value
 20
000
000 shares authorized
 no shares

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 $0.001 par value
 500
000
000 shares authorized
 47
979
990

    
    


    
    
    


    


    
33
072
795
29
847
212

    
1
287
992
1
690
651

    
34
408
767
31
585
843

    
    
    

    
77
831
776
45
425
954








    
    



BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.





    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
9
276
656
6
022
540

    
53
482
    

    
(213
676
    

    
9
116
462
6
022
540

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
145
686
649
603

    
1
015
907
692
527

    
2
299
757
3
530
643

    
3
705
156
2
443
482

    
9
019
4
557

    
24
001
24
206

    
8
199
526
7
345
018

    
    
    

    
916
936
(1
322
478

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
1
872

    
(2
380
359
(1
193
278

    
380
982
17
020
759

    
(19
477
(5
874
864

    
(2
018
446
9
954
489

    
    
    

    
(1
101
510
8
632
011

    
    
    

    
698
851
(3
720
601

    
    
    

    
(402
659
4
911
410

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
47
979
990
47
789
225

    
47
979
990
48
061
239

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    








    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.






    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December&nbsp;31
 2011
    
    
47
402
965
47
403
28
058
674
(3
220
759
24
885
318

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock issued for terminated oil &amp;
    gas acquisition
    
    
577
025
    
437
962
    
438
539

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Adjustments of indemnified accruals incurred
    pursuant to the spin-off from Ante4
 Inc.
    
    
    
    
183
015
    
183
015

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
271
933
    
271
933

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock warrants granted as financing costs
    related party
    
    
    
    
45
719
    
45
719

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock options granted for services to
    employees
    
    
    
    
849
909
    
849
909

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net income for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
    
    
    
    
    
4
911
410
4
911
410

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December&nbsp;31
 2012
    
    
47
979
990
47
980
29
847
212
1
690
651
31
585
843

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock warrants granted as financing costs
 presented as


    
    
    
    
2
473
576

    
2
473
576


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
108
190

    
108
190&nbsp;

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock options granted for services to
    employees
    
    
    
    
643
817
    
643
817

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net loss for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
    
    
    
    
    
(402
659
(402
659

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December&nbsp;31
 2013
    
    
47
979
990
47
980
33
072
795
1
287
992
34
408
767






The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.



    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.





    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(402
659
4
911
410

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
705
156
2
443
482

    
24
001
24
206

    
749
920
190
580

    
9
019
4
557

    
213
676
    

    
201
883
    

    
28
362
    


 warrants
199
632
    

    
    
438
539

    
108
190
271
933


 related party
    
45
719

    
643
817
849
909

    
(698
851
3
720
601

    
    
    

    
(1
049
234
(183
230

    
2
500
000
(2
500
000

    
21
013
(6
556

    
    
6
008
602

    
    
    

    
164
527
119
610


 related parties
    
(9
206

    
(160
000
160
000


 related parties
(116
234
116
234

    
(56
853
61
666


 related party
    
(300
431

    
6
085
365
16
367
625

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
608
387
1
893
649

    
(32
025
724
(21
213
070

    
(882
604
(1
977
188

    
(38
472
(7
428

    
(32
338
413
(21
304
037

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
41
150
000
16
350
000

    
(14
298
844
(10
601
156

    
(865
101
(796
233

    
25
986
055
4
952
611

    
    
    

    
(266
993
16
199

    
1
417
340
1
401
141

    
1
150
347
1
417
340

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
104
688
667
917

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
335
656
195
995

    
(1
200
000
    

    
2
218
237
626
893


 net of revision in estimate
84
501
58
688

    
    
183
015

    
2
473
576
    








    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.




of Business


 2012
 Ante5
 Inc. changed
its corporate name to Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 and continues to trade its common stock on the OTCQB under the
trading symbol &ldquo;ANFC&rdquo;. Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (Formerly Ante5
 Inc.) (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) became an
independent company in April 2010 when the spin-off from our former parent company
 Ante4
 Inc. (now Emerald Oil
 Inc. and also
formerly known as Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.)
 became effective. We became a publicly traded company when our shares began trading
on July 1
 2010. Since October 2010
 we have been engaged in the business of acquiring oil and gas leases and participating in
the drilling of wells in the Bakken and Three Forks trends in North Dakota and Montana. Our strategy is to participate in the exploration
development and production of oil and gas reserves as a non-operating working interest owner in a growing
 diversified portfolio
of oil and gas wells. We aggressively seek to accumulate mineral leases to position us to participate in the drilling of new wells
on a continuous basis. Occasionally we also purchase working interests in producing wells.


exploration
 development and production of crude oil and natural gas properties
 primarily in the Bakken and Three Forks trends
in North Dakota and Montana. We believe that our prospective success revolves around our ability to acquire mineral rights and
participate in drilling activities by virtue of our ownership of such rights and through the relationships we have developed with
our operating partners.


we participate in drilling activities primarily on a heads-up basis. Before a well is spud
 an operator is required to offer all
mineral lease owners in the designated well spacing unit the right to participate in the drilling and production of the well. Drilling
costs and revenues from oil and gas sales are split pro-rata based on acreage ownership in the designated drilling unit. We rely
on our operator partners to identify specific drilling sites
 permit
 and engage in the drilling process. As a non-operator we
are focused on maintaining a low overhead structure.


Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis
of Accounting

prepared using the accrual method of accounting as generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) and the rules
of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).



interim reporting for an enterprise&rsquo;s operating segments and related disclosures about its products
 services
 geographic
areas and major customers. An operating segment is defined as a component of an enterprise that engages in business activities
from which it may earn revenues and expenses
 and about which separate financial information is regularly evaluated by the chief
operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources. The Company operates as a single segment and will evaluate additional
segment disclosure requirements as it expands its operations.



 the Company separately
classified advances to operators from prepaid expenses in the Balance Sheet and classified advances to operators as an investing
activity on the Statement of Cash Flows. For comparative purposes
 amounts in prior periods have been reclassified to conform to
current year presentation.

Use
of Estimates

in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.


 by
its nature
 to environmental hazards and clean-up costs. At this time
 management knows of no substantial losses from environmental
accidents or events for which the Company may be currently liable.


    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.


Cash
and Cash Equivalents

which have maturities of three months or less. For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 all highly liquid investments with
an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are stated at cost plus accrued
interest
 which approximates market value. Cash and cash equivalents consist of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
1
112
356
513
788

    
37
991
903
552

    
1
150
347
1
417
340




deposit accounts which
 at times
 may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (FDIC) and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) up to $250
000 and $500
000
 respectively
 under current
regulations. The Company had approximately $862
356 and $917
340 in excess of FDIC and SIPC insured limits at December&nbsp;31
 2013
and 2012
 respectively. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts.

Debt
Issuance Costs

are capitalized and amortized over the term of the related debt using the straight-line method
 which approximates the effective
interest method. The Company paid $865
101 and $796
233 of debt issuance costs during the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
respectively
 of which the unamortized balance of debt issuance costs at December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 was $772
883 and $657
702
respectively. Amortization of debt issuance costs charged to interest expense was $749
920 and $190
580 for the years ended December
31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. When a loan is paid in full
 any unamortized financing costs are removed from the related accounts
and charged to interest expense.



costs in accordance with ASC 350-50
 &ldquo;Accounting for Website Development Costs&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC 350-50&rdquo;)
 wherein
website development costs are segregated into three activities:


Initial stage (planning)
 whereby the related costs are expensed.


Development (web application
 infrastructure
 graphics)
 whereby the related costs are capitalized
and amortized once the website is ready for use. Costs for development content of the website may be expensed or capitalized depending
on the circumstances of the expenditures.


Post-implementation (after site is up and running: security
 training
 admin)
 whereby the related
costs are expensed as incurred. Upgrades are usually expensed
 unless they add additional functionality.


660
of website development costs from inception through December&nbsp;31
 2013. We have recognized depreciation expense on these website
costs of $18
887 and $18
630 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.



and liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted
tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be recovered. The Company provides a
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to be more likely than not.



    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.




 the Financial
Accounting Standards Board establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles and expands
disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement reaffirms that fair value is the relevant measurement attribute. The
adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements as reflected herein. The carrying
amounts of cash
 accounts payable and accrued expenses reported on the balance sheets are estimated by management to approximate
fair value primarily due to the short term nature of the instruments. The Company had no items that required fair value measurement
on a recurring basis.



and gas properties are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of three
to seven years. Expenditures for replacements
 renewals
 and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to
operations as incurred. Long-lived assets
 other than oil and gas properties
 are evaluated for impairment to determine if current
circumstances and market conditions indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company has not recognized any impairment
losses on non-oil and gas long-lived assets. Depreciation expense was $24
001 and $24
206 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
and 2012
 respectively.



from its interests in producing wells when production is delivered to
 and title has transferred to
 the purchaser and to the extent
the selling price is reasonably determinable. The Company uses the sales method of accounting for gas balancing of gas production
and would recognize a liability if the existing proven reserves were not adequate to cover the current imbalance situation.



liability for an asset retirement obligation in the period in which the well is spud or the asset is acquired and a corresponding
increase in the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. The liability is accreted to its present value each period
 and
the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled for an amount other
than the recorded amount
 a gain or loss is recognized.



of accounting for oil and gas operations whereby all costs related to the exploration and development of oil and gas properties
are initially capitalized into a single cost center (&quot;full cost pool&quot;). Such costs include land acquisition costs
 geological
and geophysical expenses
 carrying charges on non-producing properties
 costs of drilling directly related to acquisition
 and
exploration activities. Internal costs that are capitalized are directly attributable to acquisition
 exploration and development
activities and do not include costs related to the production
 general corporate overhead or similar activities. Costs associated
with production and general corporate activities are expensed in the period incurred. Capitalized costs are summarized as follows
for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively:



    



    
    
    

    
137
509
172
503

    
    
    

    
137
509
172
503



be credited to the full cost pool
 with no gain or loss recognized
 unless such a sale would significantly alter the relationship
between capitalized costs and the proved reserves attributable to these costs. A significant alteration would typically involve
a sale of 20% or more of the proved reserves related to a single full cost pool. During the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 the Company
sold approximately 189 net acres for total proceeds of $608
387. During the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012
 the Company sold approximately
509 net acres for total proceeds of $1
893
649. The Company assesses all items classified as unevaluated property on a quarterly
basis for possible impairment or reduction in value. The assessment includes consideration of the following factors
 among others:
intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological and geophysical evaluations; drilling results and activity; the assignment of
proved reserves; and the economic viability of development if proved reserves are assigned. During any period in which these factors
indicate an impairment
 the cumulative drilling costs incurred to date for such property and all or a portion of the associated
leasehold costs are transferred to the full cost pool and are then subject to amortization.



    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



properties and properties having proved reserves
 estimated future development costs
 and asset retirement costs under FASB ASC
410-20-25 are depleted and amortized on the unit-of-production method based on the estimated gross proved reserves as determined
by independent petroleum engineers. The costs of unproved properties are withheld from the depletion base until such time as they
are either developed or abandoned.


(net of related deferred income taxes) may not exceed an amount equal to the present value
 discounted at 10% per annum
 of the
estimated future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves plus the cost of unproved properties (adjusted for related income
tax effects). Should capitalized costs exceed this ceiling
 impairment is recognized. The present value of estimated future net
cash flows is computed by applying the arithmetic average first day price of oil and natural gas for the preceding twelve months
to estimated future production of proved oil and gas reserves as of the end of the period
 less estimated future expenditures to
be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves and assuming continuation of existing economic conditions. Such present
value of proved reserves' future net cash flows excludes future cash outflows associated with settling asset retirement obligations.
Should this comparison indicate an excess carrying value
 the excess is charged to earnings as an impairment expense. We recognized
no impairment costs during the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.



and gas sales to various purchasers
 the market for which has very inelastic demand. Due to this
 we do not consider any purchasers
to represent a material concentration to our sales for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 or 2012
 as we believe any of our customers
could easily be replaced.


we depend on our drilling partner operators to perform the drilling and other operating activities required for all sales of oil
and gas. These operators are also responsible for remitting to us our revenue proceeds and billing us for drilling costs and lease
operating expenses incurred. We had material concentrations of accounts receivable owed from four (4) and two (2) operators during
the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 representing 60% and 44% of total oil and gas revenues and 41% and 28%
of total oil and gas accounts receivable as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. As of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 we had
153 and 66 gross producing wells
 respectively
 and 4.87 and 2.30 net producing wells
 respectively. As of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and
2012
 these four (4) and two (2) operating partners operated 31% and 38% of these gross producing wells
 respectively
 and 37%
and 38% of these net producing wells
 respectively.



are computed by dividing net income (the numerator) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period
(the denominator). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares and potential
common shares outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. Potential common shares include stock options
 warrants and restricted
stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options
 warrants and restricted stock is computed using
the treasury stock method.


used to calculate basic EPS and diluted EPS for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 are as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
47
979
990
47
789
225

    
    
    

    
    
272
014

    
47
979
990
48
061
239



the calculation of diluted EPS because their effect was anti-dilutive were 16
103
209 and 7
513
709 as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and
2012
 respectively.


    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.


Stock-Based
Compensation

based compensation upon inception at April 9
 2010. Under FASB ASC 718-10-30-2
 all share-based payments to employees
 including
grants of employee stock options
 are to be recognized in the income statement based on their fair values. Pro forma disclosure
is no longer an alternative. Amortization of the fair values of common stock and stock options issued for services and compensation
totaled $643
817 and $1
288
448 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 including $-0- and $438
539
 respectively
of common stock valued at the fair market value based on the Company&rsquo;s closing trading price on the date of grant. The fair
values of stock options were determined using the Black-Scholes options pricing model and an effective term of 6 to 6.5 years based
on the weighted average of the vesting periods and the stated term of the option grants and the discount rate on 5 to 7 year U.S.
Treasury securities at the grant date and are being amortized over the related implied service term
 or vesting period.



 2010
the Company adopted new standards for accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. These standards prescribe a recognition threshold
and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. These standards also provide guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in
interim periods
 disclosure
 and transition.


audit the Company&rsquo;s income tax returns. These audits include questions regarding the Company&rsquo;s tax filing positions
including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions. In evaluating the exposures
connected with these various tax filing positions
 including state and local taxes
 the Company records allowances for probable
exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter
 for which an allowance has been established
 is audited and
fully resolved. The Company has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities.


tax position relies on the judgment of management to estimate the exposures associated with the Company&rsquo;s various filing
positions.





 &mdash;
In December 2011
 the FASB issued Balance Sheet (Topic 210) &mdash; Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities (ASU 2011-11)
which requires disclosures regarding netting arrangements in agreements underlying derivatives
 certain financial instruments and
related collateral amounts
 and the extent to which an entity&rsquo;s financial statement presentation policies related to netting
arrangements impact amounts recorded to the financial statements. These disclosure requirements do not affect the presentation
of amounts in the balance sheets
 and are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1
 2013
 and interim
periods within those annual reporting periods. We implemented the disclosure guidance effective January 1
 2013 and the implementation
did not have a material effect on our financial statements.




were issued in 2013 with effective dates subsequent to December&nbsp;31
 2013. We have evaluated the recently issued accounting pronouncements
that are effective in 2014 and believe that none of them will have a material effect on our financial position
 results of operations
or cash flows when adopted.


 we are monitoring the joint standard-setting
efforts of the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the International Accounting Standards Board. There are a large number
of pending accounting standards that are being targeted for completion in 2014 and beyond
 including
 but not limited to
 standards
relating to revenue recognition
 accounting for leases
 fair value measurements
 accounting for financial instruments
 disclosure
of loss contingencies and financial statement presentation. Because these pending standards have not yet been finalized
 at this
time we are not able to determine the potential future impact that these standards will have
 if any
 on our financial position
results of operations or cash flows.


    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.





 2013
the Company acquired oil and natural gas properties from CP Exploration
 LP (&ldquo;CPX&rdquo;) for approximately $20.6 million
net of purchase price adjustments (&ldquo;the CPX Acquisition&rdquo;). The properties acquired in the CPX Acquisition are comprised
of leasehold interests in approximately 2
040 net mineral acres in the Williston Basin of North Dakota and interests in 43 gross
(0.92 net) producing wells on the acquired leases.


its valuation of the properties acquired in the CPX Acquisition which is summarized as follows:



    
20
680
032

    
    

    
    

    
20
517
903

    
195
780

    
20
713
683

    
(33
651

    
20
680
032



The estimated fair value of the acquired asset retirement obligation was determined using the Company&rsquo;s
credit adjusted risk-free rate.


pro forma combined results of operations for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 are presented as though the CPX Acquisition
had been completed as of January 1
 2012. The pro forma combined results of operations for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and
2012 have been prepared by adjusting the historical results of the Company to include the historical results of the properties
acquired in the CPX Acquisition. The supplemental pro forma results of operations are provided for illustrative purposes only and
not purport to be indicative of the actual results that would have been achieved by the combined company for the periods presented.
The pro forma results of operations do not include any cost savings or other synergies that resulted from the CPX Acquisition or
any estimated costs incurred to integrate the CPX Acquisition assets.



    



    
    
    

    
    

    
160
432
114
431

    
    
    

    
13
511
159
9
283
494

    
2
704
323
17
816

    
(236
429
4
612
937

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



430
and operating income of $36
839 associated with the CPX Acquisition have been included in the accompanying statement of operations
for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013.


    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.





 2013
and 2012
 we granted various awards to our Officers and Directors as compensation for their services. These related party grants
are fully disclosed in Note 12 below.



 2011
 we entered into a Revolving
Credit and Security Agreement (the &ldquo;PrenAnte5 Credit Agreement&rdquo;) with certain lenders (collectively
 the &ldquo;Lenders&rdquo;
and individually a &ldquo;Lender&rdquo;) and Prenante5
 LLC
 as agent for the Lenders (PrenAnte5
 LLC
 in such capacity
 the &ldquo;Agent&rdquo;).
The facility provided $10 million in financing to be made available for drilling projects on the Company&rsquo;s North Dakota Bakken
and Three Forks position. The Company drew $2
000
000 utilizing the PrenAnte5 Credit Agreement in February of 2012 and subsequently
paid in full and terminated the agreement in April of 2012.


 one of the Company&rsquo;s
former directors
 participated as a Lender through the Agent with a commitment amount of $1.5 million in the facility. In consideration
for his participation through the agent
 Mr.&nbsp;Goldfarb was issued 75
000 warrants (his pro-rata share as a Lender) with the same
terms and conditions as the other warrants issued in connection with the closing of the PrenAnte5 Credit Agreement. The warrants
vested on the May 2
 2012
 the one year anniversary of the grant and are exercisable until May 1
 2016 at an exercise price of
$0.95 per share. The total estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
 based on a volatility rate of 97% and a call
option value of $0.7837
 was $58
781
 and was amortized over the three year life of the credit agreement and the amortization was
accelerated in 2012 to fully amortize the remaining unamortized value upon termination of the agreement. The Company recognized
compensation expense of $-0- and $45
719 during the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.



 Steve
Lipscomb
 received a commission of 5% of a royalty stream from Peerless Media Ltd.
 recorded on the balance sheet as of December
31
 2011 as a contingent consideration receivable
 as a result of an incentive arrangement with Mr.&nbsp;Lipscomb that was approved
by Ante4&rsquo;s Board of Directors in February 2009. Mr.&nbsp;Lipscomb has received a total of $-0- and $26
468 during the years ended
December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 of which $19
071 in royalties were received by Mr.&nbsp;Lipscomb while an officer of the Company
in 2012. As a result of the settlement of litigation related to the same agreement
 Mr.&nbsp;Lipscomb was due 5% of the settlement payments
from the litigation settlement amounting to approximately $548
827 of which $432
593 was paid in 2012 and the remaining $116
234
was paid by the Company of the final settlement payment from Peerless Media
 Ltd. Mr.&nbsp;Lipscomb received an additional $19
477 in
2013 for his 5% share in additional settlement payments received by the Company in 2013.


currently lease office space on a month to month basis where the lessor is an entity owned by our former CEO and current Chairman
of the Board of Directors
 Bradley Berman. The sublease agreement was cancelled and we entered into a direct lease on April 30
2012 to expand and occupy approximately 1
142 square feet of office space. The 2012 lease was amended effective November 15
 2013
to occupy approximately 2
813 square feet of office space. In accordance with this lease
 our lease term is on a month-to-month
basis
 provided that either party may provide 90 day notice to terminate the lease
 with base rents of $2
110 per month
 plus
common area operations and maintenance charges
 and monthly parking fees of $240 per month
 for the period from November 15
 2013
to October 31
 2014 and subject to increases of $117 per month beginning November 1
 2014 and for each of the subsequent three
year periods. We have paid a total of $34
350 and $26
546 to this entity during the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.


    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.


Note 5 &ndash; Oil
and Gas Properties


net productive oil wells by state at December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012. A net well represents our percentage ownership of a gross well.
The following tables do not include wells in which our interest is limited to royalty and overriding royalty interests. The following
tables also do not include wells which were awaiting completion
 in the process of completion or awaiting flow back subsequent
to fracture stimulation.




    

 2013

 2012

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




consist of all acreage acquisition costs (including cash expenditures and the value of stock consideration)
 drilling costs and
other associated capitalized costs. As of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 our principal oil and gas assets included approximately 14
300
and 12
256 net acres
 respectively
 located in North Dakota and Montana.


costs for the purchase and development of our oil and gas properties for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012:



    



    
    
    

    
32
025
724
21
213
070

    
7
953
801
2
618
145

    
(2
618
145
(2
422
150

    
2
218
237
626
893

    
84
501
58
688


 oil and gas properties
39
664
118
22
094
646




 including the CPX acquisition
the Company purchased approximately 3
571 net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota and Montana. Additionally
in conjunction with the purchase of the net mineral acres we acquired 45 gross producing wells (1.23 net wells). In consideration
for the assignment of these mineral leases and producing wells
 we paid the sellers a total of approximately $24
693
145.



 the Company sold approximately
189 net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota for total proceeds of $608
387. No gain or loss was recorded pursuant
to the sales.



 the Company purchased approximately
2
306 net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota and Montana. In consideration for the assignment of these mineral
leases
 we paid the sellers a total of approximately $3
249
347. Of these acquisitions
 110 acres acquired on February 14
 2012
were acquired from the State of North Dakota. The acreage we purchased lies within the riverbed of the Missouri River and there
is currently third-party litigation ongoing in the State of North Dakota pertaining to the state&rsquo;s ownership claim to similar
riparian acreage. We have signed an AFE for the well and the operator has agreed to retroactively honor the AFE if the state is
successful in defending its ownership claim. As a result
 we have not capitalized any Authorization for Expenditure costs (&ldquo;AFE&rdquo;)
or recognized any sales from this well. In the event the operator is successful in their litigation with the state
 the state is
required to refund our original purchase price for the lease.



 the Company sold approximately
506 net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota for total proceeds of $1
893
649. No gain or loss was recorded
pursuant to the sales.



 we traded 950 acres to an operator
in exchange for 160 acres in a different geographic location and a drilling carry for the well costs for our interests in 2 gross
(0.12 net) wells valued at $1
200
000 and carried on the balance sheet as advances to operators.



 we had leases encompassing
543 net acres expire with carrying costs of $833
884 that have been transferred to the full cost pool subject to depletion.
We estimate that approximately 4
200 net acres with carrying costs of approximately $6
200
000 will expire prior to the
commencement of production activities during 2014. The carrying costs of these leases
 which we estimate will expire in 2014
have also been transferred to the full cost pool and are subject to depletion.




    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.


Note 6 &ndash; Asset Retirement
Obligation


associated with the future plugging and abandonment of proved properties and related facilities. Under the provisions of FASB ASC
410-20-25
 the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation is recorded in the period in which it is incurred and
a corresponding increase in the carrying amount of the related long lived asset. The liability is accreted to its present value
each period
 and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled for
an amount other than the recorded amount
 a gain or loss is recognized. The Company has no assets that are legally restricted for
purposes of settling asset retirement obligations.


obligation transactions recorded in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC 410-20-25 during the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
and 2012:



    



    
    
    

    
67
145
3
900

    
(19
848
    

    
70
698
58
688

    
33
651
    

    
9
019
4
557

    
160
665
67
145



Note 7 &ndash; Litigation Settlements
and Contingent Consideration Receivable



Inc. (&ldquo;Ante4&rdquo;) and Peerless Media Ltd. (&ldquo;Peerless&rdquo;) during fiscal year 2009
 pursuant to which
 Ante4 sold
substantially all of its operating assets (the &ldquo;Transaction&rdquo;) and a spin-off on April 16
 2010 to Ante5
 Inc.
 now
Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 the Company was entitled to receive
 in perpetuity
 5% of gross gaming
revenue and 5% of other revenue of Peerless generated by Ante4&rsquo;s former business and assets that were sold to Peerless in
the Transaction
 subject to a 5% commission presented as Royalties Payable on the balance sheet. Peerless had guaranteed a minimum
payment to the Company of $3 million for such revenue over the three-year period following the closing of the Transaction on November
2
 2009. The Company prepared a discounted cash flow model to determine an estimated fair value of this portion of the purchase
price as of November 2
 2009. This value was recorded on the balance sheet of Ante4. In connection with the spin-off described
above
 on April 16
 2010 Ante4 distributed this asset to its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Ante5
 Inc.
 which was spun-off and a registration
statement was filed on Form 10-12/A
 along with an Information Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the purpose
of spinning off the Ante5 shares from Ante4
 Inc. to its stockholders of record on April 15
 2010. The following is a summary of
the contingency consideration receivable and related royalties payable through December&nbsp;31
 2012:




    
    
    
    


 April 16
 2010:
7
532
985
(415
000
7
117
985

    
(182
335
11
343
(170
992

    
(878
650
80
057
(798
593


 December&nbsp;31
 2010
6
472
000
(323
600
6
148
400

    
(463
398
23
169
(440
229


 December&nbsp;31
 2011
6
008
602
(300
431
5
708
171

    
(529
361
26
468
(502
893

    
(5
479
241
273
963
(5
205
278


 December&nbsp;31
 2012
    
    
    





    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



 2012
 the Company entered
into a settlement agreement with Peerless and ElectraWorks
 Ltd. (&ldquo;ElectraWorks&rdquo;) to settle all claims regarding Peerless&rsquo;s
performance of obligations with respect to the business purchased by Peerless from Ante4
 Inc. in November 2009 (the &quot;Litigation&quot;).
The Litigation was pending before Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services (JAMS) in Los Angeles
 California. Under the settlement
agreement
 Peerless/ElectraWorks will pay the Company $13.5 million
 of which $11
000
000 was received by the Company in 2012 and
the remaining $2.5 million was received in 2013. In addition
 Peerless/ElectraWorks will make payments to the Company upon certain
contingencies related to the passage of federal or state legislation permitting real money online poker and Peerless/ElectraWorks
or one of their affiliates obtaining such a license. The maximum amount of these contingent payments is $6.5 million with the amount
determined based on how such legislation is enacted. Under the settlement agreement the Company has released its rights to the
royalty stream and no further payments are due from Peerless/ElectraWorks other than those set forth in the settlement agreement.


of $2 million
 of which $1.84 million was paid in 2012 and $0.16 million was paid in 2013
 as well as various costs out of the
proceeds. In addition
 as a result of an incentive arrangement with Steve Lipscomb
 a former officer of the Company that was approved
by WPT Enterprises
 Inc.&rsquo;s Board of Directors in February 2009
 Mr.&nbsp;Lipscomb is receiving 5% of the settlement payments
net of attorneys&rsquo; fees and other costs; as such amounts are received by the Company.


of $5
479
241 and the royalty payable of $273
963 as of the settlement date were relieved as a part of the settlement resulting
in a net gain of $5
745
895. The Company has expensed non-contingent expenses and fees associated with pursuing the settlement
as those expenses and fees were incurred amounting to $-0- and $333
176 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.


 as a result of the
legalization of online gambling in the state of New Jersey
 Peerless/ElectraWorks paid the Company $380
982 of additional settlement
proceeds. As part of the agreement with Mr.&nbsp;Lipscomb
 the Company paid Mr.&nbsp;Lipscomb 5% of the settlement proceeds or $19
477.



 2012
 the Company and other
parties entered into a settlement agreement with Deloitte &amp; Touche
 LLP (&quot;Deloitte &amp; Touche&quot;) to settle all claims
between the parties arising out of the case of WPT Enterprises
 Inc. v. Deloitte &amp; Touche
 before the Superior Court of the
State of California
 County of Los Angeles (the &quot;Litigation&quot;). The claims in the Litigation were assigned to the Company
as part of the Company&rsquo;s distribution (spin-off) agreement with Ante4
 Inc. On November 1
 2012
 after satisfying obligations
to various parties
 including litigation counsel
 the Company received $5.4 million of net proceeds under the settlement agreement
as its share of the settlement proceeds
 representing $9 million of settlement income and $3.6 million of related legal fees. The
parties agreed to stipulate to the dismissal of the Litigation and to a mutual release of all claims. The Company has expensed
non-contingent expenses and fees associated with pursuing the settlement as those expenses and fees were incurred amounting to
$-0- and $37
758 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.


    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.





derivative instruments on the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value. The Company has not designated
its derivative instruments as hedges for accounting purposes and
 as such
 marks its derivative instruments to fair value and recognizes
the realized and unrealized changes in fair value in its statements of operations under the captions &ldquo;Loss on Settled Derivatives&rdquo;
and &ldquo; Losses on the Mark-to-Market of Derivatives.&rdquo;


derivative contracts to hedge against the variability in cash flows associated with the forecasted sale of crude oil production.
While the use of these derivative instruments limits the downside risk of adverse price movements
 their use also limits the upside
revenue potential of upward price movements.


 the counterparty
is required to make a payment to the Company if the settlement price for any settlement period is less than the swap price and
the Company is required to make a payment to the counterparty if the settlement price for any period is greater than the swap price.
For a collar contract
 the counterparty is required to make a payment to the Company if the settlement price for any settlement
period is below the floor price
 the Company is required to make a payment to the counterparty if the settlement price for any
settlement period is above the ceiling price and no payment is required by either party if the settlement price for any settlement
period is between the floor price and the ceiling price.


are settled based on reported settlement prices on commodity exchanges
 with crude oil derivative settlements based on NYMEX West
Texas Intermediate (&ldquo;WTI&rdquo;) pricing.


 2013
 the Company had
outstanding derivative contracts with respect to future production as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

January 1
 2014 &ndash; December&nbsp;31
 2014
    
44
004
    
    
    

January 1
 2014 &ndash; December&nbsp;31
 2014
    
39
996
    
    
    

January 1
 2015 &ndash; December&nbsp;31
 2015
    
24
000
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

January 1
 2015 &ndash; December&nbsp;31
 2015
    
36
000
    
    
    
    

January 1
 2016 &ndash; June&nbsp;30
 2016
    
10
002
    
    
    
    



 2013
 the Company had
total volume on open commodity swaps of 108
000 barrels at a weighted average price of approximately $92.69.



    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.





unrealized gains and losses on derivative instruments for the periods presented:



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
53
482
    

    
    
    


 net
53
482
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(134
293
    

    
(79
383
    

    
(213
676
    


Balance sheet offsetting of derivative
assets and liabilities


 the FASB issued ASU
No 2011-11
 Balance Sheet (Topic210)-Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities
 which requires an entity to
disclose information about offsetting arrangements to enable financial statement users to understand the effects of netting
arrangements on an entity&rsquo;s financial position. The Company adopted the provision of the standard upon entering into
our first derivative contract and has provided the applicable disclosures below with respect to its derivative
instruments.


contracts are carried at their fair value in the condensed balance sheets under the captions &ldquo;Current portion of derivative
instruments&rdquo; and &ldquo;Derivative instruments&rdquo;. Derivative instruments from the same counterparty that are subject
to contractual terms which provide for net settlement are reported on a net basis in the condensed balance sheets. The following
tables present the gross amounts of recognized derivative assets and liabilities
 the amounts offset under the netting arrangements
with counterparties
 and the resulting net amounts presented in the condensed balance sheets for the periods presented
 all at
fair value.



    

 2013

 2012

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    

 2013

 2012

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(396
573
182
897
(213
676
    
    
    




amounts disclosed above to the individual financial statement line items in the condensed balance sheets:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(139
065
    

    
(74
611
    

    
(213
676
    


 net
(213
676
    




    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.




Note 9 &ndash; Fair Value of Financial
Instruments


inception at April 9
 2010. Under FASB ASC 820-10-5
 fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset
or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (an exit price).
The standard outlines a valuation framework and creates a fair value hierarchy in order to increase the consistency and comparability
of fair value measurements and the related disclosures. Under GAAP
 certain assets and liabilities must be measured at fair value
and FASB ASC 820-10-50 details the disclosures that are required for items measured at fair value.


and a revolving credit facility that must be measured under the fair value standard. The Company&rsquo;s financial assets and liabilities
are measured using inputs from the three levels of the fair value hierarchy. The three levels are as follows:


quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement
date.


prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets
that are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g.
 interest rates
 yield
curves
 etc.)
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means
(market corroborated inputs).


that reflect our assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.


of financial instruments at fair value on a recurring basis in the balances sheet as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012:




    

 2013

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
150
347
    
    

    
1
150
347
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
213
676
    


 net of discounts
    
30
556
301
    

    
    
30
769
977
    

    
1
150
347
(30
769
977
    






    

 2012

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
417
340
    
    

    
1
417
340
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
5
748
844
    

    
    
5
748
844
    

    
1
417
340
(5
748
844
    



or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 inputs for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012.


facilities. No fair value adjustment was necessary during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012.


    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.




Senior Credit Facility and Subordinated
Credit Facilities


 as borrower
entered into a Credit Agreement dated August&nbsp;8
 2013 and amendments thereto dated December 13
 2013 and March&nbsp;24
 2014 (as amended
) with Cadence Bank
 N.A. (&ldquo;Cadence&rdquo;)
 as lender (the &ldquo;Senior
Credit Facility&rdquo;). Under the terms of the Senior Credit Agreement
 a senior secured revolving line of credit in the maximum
aggregate principal amount of $50 million is available from time to time (i) for direct investment in oil and gas properties
 (ii)
for general working capital purposes
 including the issuance of letters of credit
 and (iii) to refinance existing debt under the
Company&rsquo;s credit facility with Dougherty Funding LLC.


the Senior Credit Facility is at all times subject to the then-applicable borrowing base
 determined by Cadence in a manner consistent
with the normal and customary oil and gas lending practices of Cadence. Availability was initially set at $7 million and is subject
to periodic redeterminations. The availability was increased to $18 million commensurate with the CPX acquisition. Subject to availability
under the borrowing base
 the Company may borrow
 repay and re-borrow funds in amounts of $250
000 or more. At the Company&rsquo;s
election
 the unpaid principal balance of any borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility may bear interest at either (i) the Base
Rate
 as defined in the Senior Credit Facility
 plus the applicable margin
 which varies from 1.00% to 1.50% or (ii) the LIBOR
rate
 as defined in the Senior Credit Facility
 plus the applicable margin
 which varies from 3.00% to 3.50%. Interest is payable
for Base Rate loans on the last business day of the month and for LIBOR loans on the last LIBOR business day of each LIBOR interest
period. The Company is also required to pay a quarterly fee of 0.50% on any unused portion of the borrowing base
 as well as a
facility fee of 0.90% of the initial and any subsequent additions to the borrowing base.


will mature on August 8
 2016. The Company may prepay the entire amount of Base Rate loans at any time
 and may prepay the entire
amount of LIBOR loans upon at least three business days&rsquo; notice to Cadence. The Senior Credit Facility is secured by first
priority interests in mortgages on substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 including but not limited to the Company&rsquo;s
mineral interests in North Dakota and Montana.


2013 the Company had borrowings of $13 million outstanding under the Senior Credit Agreement.


 as borrower
entered into a Second Lien Credit Agreement dated August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013 and amendments thereto dated December 13
 2013 and March
24
 2014 (as amended
 the &ldquo;Subordinated Credit Agreement&rdquo;) by and among the Company
 as borrower
 Chambers Energy Management
LP
 as administrative agent (&ldquo;Chambers&rdquo;)
 and the several other lenders named therein (the &ldquo;Subordinated Credit
Facility&rdquo;). Under the Subordinated Credit Facility
 term loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $75 million are
available from time to time (i) to repay the Previous Credit Facility
 (ii) for fees and closing costs in connection with both
the Senior Credit Facility and the Subordinated Credit Facility (together
 the &ldquo;Credit Facilities&rdquo;)
 and (iii) general
corporate purposes.


    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



Credit Agreement provides for initial commitment availability of $25 million
 subject to customary conditions
 with the
remaining commitments subject to the approval of Chambers and other customary conditions. The Company may borrow the
available commitments in amounts of $5 million or more and shall not request borrowings of such loans more than once a month
provided that the initial draw must be at least $15 million. Loans under the Subordinated Credit Facility shall be funded net
of a 2% OID. The unpaid principal balance of borrowings under the Subordinated Credit Facility bears interest at the Cash
Interest Rate plus the PIK Interest Rate. The Cash Interest Rate is 9.00% per annum plus a rate per annum equal to the
greater of (i) 1.00% and (ii) the offered rate for three-month deposits in U.S. dollars that appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR
01 as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the second full LIBOR business day preceding the first day of each calendar quarter. The
PIK Interest Rate is equal to 4.00% per annum. Interest is payable on the last day of each month. The Company is also
required to pay an annual nonrefundable administration fee of $50
000 and a monthly availability fee computed at a rate of
0.50% per annum on the average daily amount of any unused portion of the available amount under the commitment.


Facility matures on June&nbsp;30
 2017. Upon at least three business days&rsquo; written notice
 the Company may prepay the entire amount
under the loans
 together with accrued interest. Each prepayment made prior to the second anniversary of the funding date
 as defined
in the Subordinated Credit Facility
 shall be accompanied by a make-whole amount
 as defined in the Subordinated Credit Agreement.
Prepayments made on or after the second anniversary of the funding date shall be accompanied by an applicable premium
 as set forth
in the Subordinated Credit Agreement. The Subordinated Credit Facility is secured by second priority interests on substantially
all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 including but not limited to second priority mortgages on the Company&rsquo;s mineral interests
in North Dakota and Montana.


the Subordinated Credit Facility occurred on September 9
 2013 at which time we drew $14
700
000
 net of a $300
000 original issue
discount
 from the Subordinated Credit Agreement and used $10
226
057 of those proceeds to repay and terminate the Dougherty revolving
credit facility. We drew an additional $4
900
000
 net of a $100
000 original issue discount
 as part of the funding for the CPX
Acquisition on December 12
 2013.


have entered into an Intercreditor Agreement dated August 8
 2013 (the &ldquo;Intercreditor Agreement&rdquo;). The Intercreditor
Agreement provides that any liens on the assets of the Company securing indebtedness under the Subordinated Credit Facility are
subordinate to liens on the assets securing indebtedness under the Senior Credit Facility and sets forth the respective rights
obligations and remedies of the lenders under the Senior Credit Facility with respect to their first priority liens and the lenders
under the Subordinated Credit Facility with respect to their second priority liens.


as amended
 require customary affirmative and negative covenants for credit facilities of the respective types and sizes for companies
operating in the oil and gas industry
 as well as customary events of default. Furthermore
 the Credit Facilities contain financial
covenants that require the Company to satisfy certain specified financial ratios. The Senior Credit Agreement requires the Company
to maintain (i) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company
 a collateral coverage ratio (reserve value plus consolidated
working capital to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June&nbsp;30
 2014
 0.70 to 1.00 for the
quarters ending September 30
 2014 and December&nbsp;31
 2014
 and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31
 2015 and thereafter
(ii) a ratio of current assets
 including debt facility available to be drawn
 to current liabilities of a minimum of 1.0 to 1.0
 (iii) a net debt to EBITDAX
 as defined in the
Senior Credit Agreement
 ratio of 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ended March 31
 2014
 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ended June&nbsp;30
2014 and September 30
 2014
 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ended December&nbsp;31
 2014
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ended March
31
 2015 and thereafter
 in each case calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis
 (iv) a maximum senior leverage ratio
of not more than 2.5 to 1.0 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis
 and (v) a minimum interest coverage ratio of
not less than 3.0 to 1.0. The Subordinated Credit Agreement requires the Company to maintain (i) as of the last day of each fiscal
quarter of the Company
 a collateral coverage ratio (reserve value plus consolidated working capital to adjusted indebtedness)
of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June&nbsp;30
 2014
 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarters ending September 30
 2014 and
December&nbsp;31
 2014
 and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31
 2015 and thereafter
 (ii) as of the last day of each fiscal
quarter of the Company
 a consolidated net leverage ratio (adjusted total indebtedness less the amount of unrestricted cash equivalents
to consolidated EBITDA) of no more than 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31
 2014
 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ending
June&nbsp;30
 2014 and September 30
 2014
 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&nbsp;31
 2014
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending
March 31
 2015 and thereafter
 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis
 (iii) as of the last day of any fiscal quarter
of the Company
 a consolidated cash interest coverage ratio (consolidated EBITDA to consolidated cash interest expense) of no less
than 2.5 to 1.0
 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis and (iv) as of the last day of any period of four consecutive
fiscal quarters of the Company
 a ratio of consolidated current assets to consolidated current liabilities of at least 1.0 to 1.0.
In addition
 each of the Credit Facilities requires that the Company enter into hedging agreements prior to funding with regard
to no less than 50% and no greater than 75% of its future oil production on currently producing wells. The Company is in compliance
with all covenants
 as amended
 for the period ending December&nbsp;31
 2013.


    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



the Subordinated Credit Facility
 the Company agreed to issue to the lenders detachable warrants to purchase up to 5
000
000 shares
of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.65 per share. The warrants expire on August 8
 2018. Proceeds from
the loan were allocated between the debt and equity based on the relative fair values at the time of issuance
 resulting in a debt
discount of $2
473
576 at issuance that is presented as a debt discount on the balance sheet and is being amortized using the effective
interest method over the life of the credit facility
 which matures on June&nbsp;30
 2017. A total of $199
632 was amortized during
the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013. The remaining unamortized balance of the debt discount attributable to the warrants is $2
273
944
as of December&nbsp;31
 2013.

Dougherty Revolving Credit Facility
(former credit facility)


 2012
 the
Company entered into a Secured Revolving Credit Agreement with Dougherty Funding
 LLC (&ldquo;Dougherty&rdquo;) as Lender which
was subsequently amended on September 5
 2012 and December 14
 2012 with an Amended and Restated Secured Revolving Credit Agreement
(collectively the &ldquo;Dougherty Credit Facility&rdquo;).


Facility provided for a maximum available amount of $20 million
 of which $16.5 million was available prior to termination of the
facility
 with interest payable on the outstanding balance at a rate of 9.25% per year and a maturity date of August 1
 2015. In
connection with the amended financing
 the Company issued Dougherty Funding
 LLC warrants to purchase 585
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock at an exercise price of $0.38 per share. The warrants expire on August 31
 2015.


on April 12
 2012 of $2
450
000
 and used $2
051
722 of the proceeds to repay and terminate our predecessor PrenAnte5 revolving
credit facility
 including interest of $51
722.


 2013
 we repaid the Dougherty
Credit Facility with proceeds from the Subordinated Credit Facility.




    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



facilities and long term debts consisted of the following as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively:



    



    
    
    


 Cadence Bank
 N.A.
13
000
000
    


 Chambers
20
000
000
    


 Chambers
201
883
    


 Dougherty Funding
 LLC
    
5
748
844

    
    
    

    
33
201
883
5
748
844

    
(371
638
    

    
(2
273
944
    


 net of discounts
30
556
301
5
748
844

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
30
556
301
5
748
844



600
000 were received
from our $20
000
000 in advances due to $400
000 of OID pursuant to the Subordinated Credit Agreement at issuance that is presented
as a debt discount on the balance sheet and is being amortized using the effective interest method over the life of the credit
facility
 which matures on June&nbsp;30
 2017. A total of $28
362 was amortized during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013. The remaining
unamortized balance of the debt discount attributable to the OID is $371
638 as of December&nbsp;31
 2013.


expense for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively:



    



    
    
    


 accrued PIK interest
201
883
    


 amortization of OID
28
362
    


 interest and commitment fees
1
092
372
685
046


 amortization of debt issuance costs
749
920
190
580


 amortization of warrant costs
307
822
317
652

    
2
380
359
1
193
278



Note 11 &ndash; Stockholders&rsquo;
Equity



000
000 authorized shares
of $0.001 par value preferred stock. No shares have been issued to date.



000
000 authorized
shares of $0.001 par value common stock.


 2012
 the Company issued 577
025
shares of common stock in satisfaction of a subscription payable granted on March 22
 2012 as part of a deposit on the purchase
of certain oil and gas mineral leases
 which was subsequently terminated on June 1
 2012. The shares were non-refundable in the
event that we decided not to close the purchase. As a result
 the $438
539 fair value of the shares was expensed on June 1
 2012
and is presented within general and administrative expense in our condensed statements of operations.



 the Company relieved total
liabilities of $183
015 from accounts payable incurred prior to our spin-off from Ante4
 Inc. on April 16
 2010. These liabilities
were tested in 2012 and determined not to be validly owed liabilities by Ante4
 Inc. Our indemnification agreement pursuant to
the spin-off terminated during 2012 and we no longer bear any liability for unclaimed liabilities. The original transactions did
not have an impact on our statements of operations. As a result
 the adjustment did not affect 2012 income.



    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.


Note 12 &ndash;
Options


presents all options granted during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013:




    
    
    
    
    
Vesting
    Term 
Black-Scholes
    Options Pricing Model:
    
    
    

Grant
    Date
    
    
Strike
    Price
    
in
    Years
    
Call
    Value
Total
    Fair
in
    2013
Recognized
    in     2012

    
Kenneth DeCubellis
    CEO
750
000
    
$
    0.65
    
    
    
$&nbsp;0.5675
    
$&nbsp;425
595
$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;4
431
$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;-
    

    
James Moe
 CFO
200
000
$
    0.65
    
    
    
    
113
492
1
182
    

    
Michael Eisele
    COO
250
000
$
    0.65
    
    
    
    
141
865
1
477
    

    
    
175
000
$
    0.65
    
    
    
    
99
306
1
034
    

    
    
25
000
$
    0.65
    
    
    
    
14
187
    
    

    
    
10
000
$
    0.65
    
    
    
    
5
675
    
    

    
Joseph Lahti
    Director
100
000
$
    0.65
    
    
    
    
56
746
    
    

    
Benjamin Oehler
    Director
100
000
$
    0.65
    
    
    
    
56
746
    
    

    
Bradley Berman
    Director
100
000
    
$
    0.65
    
    
    
    
56
746
    
    

    
    
20
000
    
$
    0.63
    
    
    
    
10
886
    
    

    
Michael Eisele
    COO
165
000
    
$
    0.64
    
    
    
    
91
087
7
590
    

    
    
12
500
    
$
    0.56
    
    
    
    
5
907
1
099
-
    

    
    
70
000
    
$
    0.56
    
    
    
$&nbsp;0.4725
    
33
077
6
158
    

    
Michael Eisele
    COO
165
000
    
$
    0.56
    
    
    
$&nbsp;0.
    4725 
77
968
14
514
    
    

    
James Moe
 CFO
115
000
    
$
    0.56
    
    
    
$&nbsp;0.
    4725 
54
341
10
116
    
    

    
Kenneth DeCubellis
    CEO
400
000
$
    0.56
    
    
    
    
189
014
35
189
    

    
    
2
657
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
$1
432
638
    
$&nbsp;&nbsp;85
140
    
$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;-
    





    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



all options granted during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012:




    
    
    
    
    
    
    Term 
Black-Scholes
    Options Pricing Model:
    
    
    

Grant
    Date
    
of
    Options     
Strike
    Price
in
    Years
in
    Years
    
Call
    Value
Fair
    Value     
in
    2013 
in
    2012 

    
Benjamin Oehler
    Director
100
000
    
$
    0.53 
    
    
    
$&nbsp;0.4468
    
$
    44
681 
$&nbsp;&nbsp;8
936
    
$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;661
    

    
Joseph Lahti
    Director
100
000
    
$
    0.53 
    
    
    
$&nbsp;0.4468
    
44
681
    
8
936
    
661
    

    
Kenneth DeCubellis
    CEO
1
000
000
    
$
    0.27 
    
    
    
$&nbsp;0.2316
    
31
294
    
6
260
    
1
651
    

    
James Moe
 CFO
500
000
    
$
    0.27 
    
    
    
$&nbsp;0.2316
    
27
595
    
5
520
    
1
456
    

    
    
10
000
    
$
    0.27 
    
    
    
$&nbsp;0.2316
    
313
    
64
    
17
    

    
Joseph Lahti
    Director
100
000
    
$
    0.31 
    
    
    
$&nbsp;0.2607
    
26
066
    
5
212
    
1
731
    

    
Michael Eisele
    COO
150
000
    
$
    0.28 
    
    
    
$&nbsp;0.2390
    
35
853
    
7
172
    
2
795
    

    
    
150
000
    
$
    0.40 
    
    
    
$&nbsp;0.3398
    
50
965
    
10
192
    
4
168
    

    
    
2
110
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
$261
448
    
$&nbsp;&nbsp;52
292
    
$&nbsp;&nbsp;13
140
    





 commencing one year from the date of the grant
 are exercisable for 10 years
from the date of the grant and are being amortized over the implied service term
 or vesting period
 of the options.


 2012
 an amendment (the &ldquo;Plan Amendment&rdquo;) to the 2012 Stock Incentive Plan of Black Ridge Oil
&amp; Gas
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) became effective. The Plan Amendment allows for the one-time re-pricing and re-granting
of stock options for certain option holders. The Plan Amendment did not alter any other terms of the Plan. Pursuant to the Plan
Amendment
 certain officers and employees of the Company agreed to the cancellation of their current stock option agreements in
exchange for new stock option agreements. Under the new stock option agreements
 covering 1
510
000 options
 each optionee&rsquo;s
original number of stock options remains the same. Kenneth DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer
 and James Moe
 Chief Financial
Officer
 grants of 1
000
000 and 500
000 shares
 respectively
 remain the same and have a new exercise price of $0.27
 along with
another 10
000 options granted to an employee. These options vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from
the date of grant on September 25
 2013
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries thereof until fully vested. The total incremental
fair value of the warrants in excess of the fair value immediately preceding the modification of the common stock options totaled
$59
202
 and is being amortized in addition to the original fair value
 over the vesting period of the options.
Mr.&nbsp;Eisele
was promoted to Chief Operating Officer effective August 1
 2013.



 2013
 166
667 common stock
options were forfeited pursuant to the resignation of an officer.


 2012
 113
333 common stock
options were forfeited pursuant to the resignation of a director.


 2012
 466
333 common stock
options were cancelled pursuant to the resignation of an officer.


2013 or 2012.



December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012.



ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012.



    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



about the Stock Options outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2013.




    
Shares
                                                                 Underlying Options Outstanding
Shares
                                                                 Underlying
                                                                 Options Exercisable

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
6
639
834
    
    
2
141
667
    




estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions used
for grants under the fixed option plan:



    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




developed for use in estimating the fair value of short-term traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable.
In addition
 option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including expected stock price volatility.
Because the Company&rsquo;s employee stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and
because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&rsquo;s opinion
the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee stock options. During
the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 there were no options granted with an exercise price below the fair value of the underlying
stock at the grant date.


granted with exercise prices at the current fair value of the underlying stock during the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
was $0.62
 and $0.31 per option
 respectively.


of outstanding stock options:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 December&nbsp;31
 2011
4
162
000
    

    
    
    

    
(2
122
999
    

    
2
110
000
    

    
    
    


 December&nbsp;31
 2012
4
149
001
    

    
    
    

    
(166
667
    

    
2
657
500
    

    
    
    


 December&nbsp;31
 2013
6
639
834
    

    
    
    


 December&nbsp;31
 2013
2
141
667
    



$643
817 and $849
909 from the amortization of common stock options during the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.



    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.








 2013
 in connection with entering
into the Subordinated Credit Facility
 the Company agreed to issue to the lenders cashless warrants to purchase up to 5
000
000
shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.65 per share. The warrants expire on August 8
 2018. The
estimated fair value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
 based on a volatility rate of 114%
 risk-free interest rate of 1.38%
and a call option value of $0.4947 was $2
473
576 and is being amortized using the effective interest method over the life of the
credit facility
 which matures on June&nbsp;30
 2017. Proceeds from the sale were allocated between the debt and equity based on the
relative fair values at the time of issuance. The fair value of $2
473
576 is presented as a debt discount on the balance sheet
and a total of $199
632 and $-0- was amortized during the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The remaining unamortized
balance of those warrants is $2
273
944 as of December&nbsp;31
 2013.



 2012
 we granted 585
000
warrants in connection with the amended Dougherty Funding
 LLC Revolving Credit Facility. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes
Pricing Model
 based on a volatility rate of 113% and a call option value of $0.2069
 was $121
054
 and is being amortized over
the approximate three year life of the amended facility. The Company recognized a total of $108
190 and $12
864 of interest expense
during the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The remaining unamortized balance of those warrants is $-0- as
of December&nbsp;31
 2013.



or 2012.



December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012.



ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012.


about the Warrants outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2013:





    
Shares
                                                                 Underlying Warrants Outstanding
Shares
                                                                 Underlying
                                                                 Warrants Exercisable

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
9
463
375
    
    
9
463
375
    




is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions
used for grants under the fixed option plan:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




developed for use in estimating the fair value of short-term traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable.
In addition
 option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including expected stock price volatility.
Because the Company&rsquo;s warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded warrants and because changes
in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&rsquo;s opinion the existing models
do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its warrants. During the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
and 2012
 there were no warrants granted with an exercise price below the fair value of the underlying stock at the grant date.


    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



granted with exercise prices at the current fair value of the underlying stock during the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
was $0.65 and $0.38 per warrant
 respectively.





    
    
    
 Average 
Exercise 
Price


 December&nbsp;31
 2011
3
878
375
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
585
000
    

    
    
    


 December&nbsp;31
 2012
4
463
375
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
000
000
    

    
    
    


 December&nbsp;31
 2013
9
463
375
    

    
    
    


 December&nbsp;31
 2013
9
463
375
    



Note 14 &ndash; Income
Taxes


of ASC Topic 740

 
deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences
 using currently enacted tax laws
attributable to temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
the amounts calculated for income tax purposes.


years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 consisted of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(698
851
3
720
601

    
    
    

    
(698
851
3
720
601





    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 consisted of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



tax rate as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 decreased by 3.66% from 6.01% as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2012
 to 2.35%. This
decrease in the effective tax rate is attributable to changes in the Company&rsquo;s state apportionment factors in the
current year. Due to the legal settlement amounts and non-oil &amp; gas revenue the Company received during previous years
being sourced to the state of Minnesota for income tax purposes
 a larger percentage of the Company&rsquo;s activity was
expected to be apportioned to that state. As compared to North Dakota
 the other state the Company files tax returns in which
has a corporate income tax rate of 4.53%
 the state of Minnesota has a 9.80% corporate income tax rate. This change
in apportionment resulted in a 34.49% increase in the effective tax rate for the current period based on its effect on the
carrying value of the net deferred tax liability.


and liabilities as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 are as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
7
465
973
2
466
977

    
1
118
426
837
761

    
79
806
    

    
50
040
54
943

    
60
007
27
535

    
8
774
252
3
387
216

    
    
    

    
    
    


 intangible drilling costs and other exploration costs capitalized for financial reporting purposes
(12
229
818
(7
630
903

    
(13
764
(15
192

    
(12
243
582
(7
646
095

    
    
    

    
(3
469
330
(4
258
879

    
(564
515
(473
817

    
(4
033
845
(4
732
696



 2013
 the Company has
net operating loss carryover of approximately $19
989
725. Under existing Federal law
 the net operating loss may be utilized to
offset taxable income through the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2032. A portion of the net operating loss carryover begins to expire
in 2030.


allowance is recognized if
 based on the weight of available evidence
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the
deferred tax asset will not be realized. The Company had recognized a valuation allowance reducing the carrying value of its deferred
tax asset by $473
817 as of December&nbsp;31
 2012. As of December&nbsp;31
 2013 the Company has increased its valuation allowance by $90
698
to $564
515. This increase was to more accurately reflect an allowance on only a portion of its deferred tax assets which the Company
believes it is more likely than not that the benefit of these assets will not be realized.


tax returns and annual income tax returns for the states of Minnesota
 North Dakota and Montana. We are not subject to income tax
examinations by tax authorities for years before 2010 for all returns. Income taxing authorities have conducted no formal examinations
of our past federal or state income tax returns and supporting records.


provisions of ASC Topic 740 regarding uncertainty in income taxes. The Company has found no significant uncertain tax positions
as of any date on or before December&nbsp;31
 2013.


    
    

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.





administrative proceedings and litigation relating to matters arising in the normal course of business. The Company is not currently
a defendant in any material litigation and is not aware of any threatened litigation that could have a material effect on the Company.
Management is not able to estimate the minimum loss to be incurred
 if any
 as a result of the final outcome of the matters arising
in the normal course of business but believes they are not likely to have a material adverse effect upon the Company&rsquo;s financial
position or results of operations and
 accordingly
 no provision for loss has been recorded.


balances at banks in excess of federally insured amounts. The extent of loss
 if any
 to be sustained as a result of any future
failure of a bank or other financial institution is not subject to estimation at this time.


its participation in upcoming well development by signing an Authorization for Expenditure (&ldquo;AFE&rdquo;). As of December
31
 2013 the Company had committed to AFE&rsquo;s of approximately $8.2 million beyond amounts previously paid or accrued. Additionally
the Company acquired a lease for mineral rights from the State of North Dakota on February 14
 2012 for 110 acres or an 8.7% working
interest in the Dahl Federal 2-15H well that spud on January 6
 2012. The acreage we purchased lies within the riverbed of the
Missouri River and there is currently third-party litigation ongoing in the State of North Dakota pertaining to the state&rsquo;s
ownership claim to similar riparian acreage. We have signed an AFE for the well and the operator has agreed to retroactively honor
the AFE if the state is successful in defending its ownership claim. As a result we have not capitalized any of the AFE costs or
recognized any sales from this well. Our proportion of the well costs
 based on the AFE and our working interest
 is approximately
$800
000. The well started production on May 21
 2012. Had we recognized the revenue and expenses from this well we would have
recorded approximately an additional $451
000 and $468
000 in oil and gas sales for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
respectively
 and $110
000 and $124
000 of production taxes and operating expenses for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
respectively. In the event the state is not successful in defending its ownership claim
 the state is required to refund the Company
the cost to purchase the lease.


Note 16 &ndash; Subsequent
Events



 2014
 the Company purchased
approximately 199 net acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota and Montana. In consideration for the assignment of these
mineral leases
 we paid the sellers approximately $1
652
034. Additionally
 through March 15
 2014
 the Company sold 470 net acres
of oil and gas properties in North Dakota for proceeds of $1
240
000.



 2014
 the Company amended
its Credit Facilities with Cadence and Chambers to make certain changes to definitions and our covenants. The changes include:
the addition of the defined term &ldquo;In Process Well Costs&rdquo; to describe certain costs paid or accrued by us
for drilling and completion costs of a well in process for purposes of calculating Reserve Value; (ii) the revision of the definition
of Collateral Coverage Ratio to take into account In Process Well Costs in the calculation of the ratio; (iii) a change in the
value assigned to Proved Undeveloped Reserves for purposes of calculating Reserve Value from 50% (subject to a cap) to 0%; (iv)
revisions to the Minimum Collateral Coverage Ratio (initially 1.25 to 1.00) for purposes of our covenants to be 0.65 to 1.00 through
the quarter ending June&nbsp;30
 2014
 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarters ending September 30
 2014 and December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 and
0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31
 2015 and thereafter; and (v) revisions to the applicable Consolidated Net Leverage
Ratio (initially 3.50 to 1.00) for purposes of our covenants to 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31
 2014
 4.25 to 1.00
for the quarters ending June&nbsp;30
 2014 and September 30
 2014
 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&nbsp;31
 2014
 and 3.50 to
1.00 for the quarter ending March 31
 2015
 and thereafter.


000
000
pursuant to the Credit Facility with Chambers on March&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2014.


 2014 through March
26
 2014
 the Company received cumulative advances
 net of repayments
 of $1
250
000 pursuant to the Credit Facility
with Cadence.



 2014 and February 10
 2014
the Company granted 5
000 and 27
500 common stock options
 respectively
 to new employees. All of the options vest annually over
five years beginning on the first anniversary of the grants and are exercisable until the tenth anniversary of the date of grant
at exercise prices of $0.63 and $0.782 per share
 respectively.




    
    





Oil and Natural
Gas Exploration and Production Activities


and gas sales reflect the market prices of net production sold or transferred with appropriate adjustments for royalties
 net profits
interest
 and other contractual provisions. Production expenses include lifting costs incurred to operate and maintain productive
wells and related equipment including such costs as operating labor
 repairs and maintenance
 materials
 supplies and fuel consumed.
Production taxes include production and severance taxes. Depletion of oil and natural gas properties relates to capitalized costs
incurred in acquisition
 exploration
 and development activities. Results of operations do not include interest expense and general
corporate amounts. The results of operations for the Company's oil and natural gas production activities are provided in the Company's
related statements of operations.

Costs Incurred
and Capitalized Costs


capitalized costs related to the Company&rsquo;s oil and gas producing activities were as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
79
361
432
35
248
983

    
2
798
795
9
055
513


 depletion and amortization
 and impairment
(9
461
011
(5
755
855

    
72
699
216
38
548
641



Company incurred the following costs for oil and natural gas acquisition
 exploration and development activities during the years
ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012:



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
24
177
260
2
434
143

    
653
394
987
685

    
14
748
963
18
614
130

    
39
579
617
22
035
958



costs for unproved properties are accumulated by year. Costs are reflected in the full cost pool as the drilling costs are incurred
or as costs are evaluated and deemed impaired. The Company anticipates these excluded costs will be included in the depletion computation
over the next five years. The Company is unable to predict the future impact on depletion rates. The following is a summary of
capitalized costs excluded from depletion:



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
2
498
452
9
028
945

    
300
343
26
568

    
2
798
795
9
055
513


Oil and Natural
Gas Reserves and Related Financial Data


with respect to the Company's crude oil and natural gas producing activities is presented in the following tables. Reserve quantities
as well as certain information regarding future production and discounted cash flows
 were determined by Netherland
Sewell &amp; Associates
 Inc.
 independent
petroleum consultants based on information provided by the Company.


    
    





Oil and
Natural Gas Reserve Data


following tables present the Company's independent petroleum consultants' estimates of its proved oil and natural gas reserves.
The Company emphasizes that reserves are approximations and are expected to change as additional information becomes available.
Reservoir engineering is a subjective process of estimating underground accumulations of crude oil and natural gas that cannot
be measured in an exact way and the accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering
and geological interpretation and judgment.




    
    
(Bbls)
    


 2011
432
263
285
443

    
(26
256
25
070


 discoveries and other additions
1
455
882
1
127
965

    
388
927
207
806

    
(63
376
(25
840

    
(71
307
(15
756


 2012
2
116
133
1
604
688

    
(287
354
(246
121


 discoveries and other additions
1
273
374
962
067

    
1
526
696
849
376

    
(454
378
(338
444

    
(99
979
(52
973


 2013
4
074
492
2
778
593

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2012
452
595
340
160


 2013
927
272
652
793

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2012
1
663
538
1
264
528


 2013
3
147
220
2
125
800




reserves are estimated quantities of oil and natural gas
 which geological and engineering data indicate with reasonable certainty
to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions. Proved developed reserves
are proved reserves that can be expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods.
Proved undeveloped reserves are included for reserves for which there is a high degree of confidence in their recoverability and
they are scheduled to be drilled within the next five years.

Standardized
Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Inflows and Changes Therein


following table presents a standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to proved oil and natural gas reserves
and the changes in standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to proved oil and natural gas were prepared
in accordance with the provisions of ASC 932-235-555 (formerly SFAS 69). Future cash inflows were computed by applying average
prices of oil and natural gas for the first day of the last twelve months as of December&nbsp;31
 2013 to estimated future production.
Future production and development costs were computed by estimating the expenditures to be incurred in developing and producing
the proved oil and natural gas reserves at the end of the year
 based on year-end costs and assuming continuation of existing economic
conditions. Future income tax expenses were calculated by applying appropriate year-end tax rates to future pretax cash flows relating
to proved oil and natural gas reserves
 less the tax basis of properties involved and tax credits and loss carryforwards relating
to oil and natural gas producing activities. Future net cash flows are discounted at the rate of 10% annually to derive the standardized
measure of discounted future cash flows. Actual future cash inflows may vary considerably
 and the standardized measure does not
necessarily represent the fair value of the Company's oil and natural gas reserves. The following is a summary of the Company&rsquo;s
standardized measure of discounted future cash flows for the years as indicated:


    
    






    



    
    
    

    
385
294
210
189
245
600

    
(136
845
985
(57
521
100

    
(84
614
646
(49
284
100

    
(38
354
449
(23
163
250

    
125
479
130
59
277
150

    
(63
819
859
(37
562
429

    
61
659
271
21
714
721



twelve month average prices were adjusted to reflect applicable transportation and quality differentials on a well-by-well basis
to arrive at realized sales prices used to estimate the Company's reserves. The prices for the Company's reserve estimates were
as follows:




    
    
(Bbl)
    

December&nbsp;31
 2013
    
    

    
    
    

December&nbsp;31
 2012
    
    




in the Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows at 10% per annum are as follows:



    



    
    
    


 beginning of year
21
714
721
7
555
073


 net of production costs
(7
115
063
(4
680
409

    
287
564
(289
171

    
(6
149
984
(429
455

    
23
249
505
18
311
978

    
2
772
759
80
830

    
31
056
959
4
716
587

    
(4
437
843
(258
040

    
5
568
753
2
955
579

    
2
793
885
755
507

    
(6
493
210
(6
224
479

    
(1
588
775
(779
279


 end of year
61
659
271
21
714
721




    
    


ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 









of disclosure controls and procedures that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
we file or furnish to the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosures.


2013 we carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined) in Exchange Act
Rules 13a &ndash;15(e). Based upon that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
 as
of the end of the period covered in this report
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
within the required time periods and is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


Officer and Chief Financial Officer do not expect that our disclosure controls or internal controls will prevent all error and
all fraud. Although our disclosure controls and procedures were designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives
and our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have determined that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective
at doing so
 a control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute assurance that
the objectives of the system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the Company
have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
 and that
breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally
 controls can be circumvented if there exists in an individual
a desire to do so. There can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions.

Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting.


for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule
13a-15(f). The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions
regardless of how remote. All internal control systems
 no matter how well designed
 have inherent limitations. Because of its
inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be
effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.


under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness
of our internal controls over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;31
 2013. In making this assessment
 our management used the criteria
set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in &ldquo;Internal Control &mdash; Integrated
Framework (1992).&rdquo; Based on this assessment
 management believes that
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2013
 our internal control over
financial reporting was effective based on those criteria.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting


changes in the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting through the date of this report or during the quarter
ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 that materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control
over financial reporting.

Independent Registered Accountant&rsquo;s
Internal Control Attestation


does not include an attestation report of the Company&rsquo;s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by the Company&rsquo;s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to applicable law.



    
    







 2014
the Company entered into that second amendment (the &ldquo;Second Amendment&rdquo;) to the Credit Agreement by and between the
Company and Cadence Bank
 N.A.
 a national banking association (the &ldquo;Bank&rdquo;) dated August 8
 2013
 as previously amended
by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated December 13
 2013 (&ldquo;Senior Credit Facility&rdquo;). Whereas the
Senior Credit Facility initially provided for Maximum Net Debt to EBITDAX Ratio (as defined in the Senior Credit Facility) of 3.50
to 1.00 as of the end of each quarter commencing with the calendar quarter ended September 30
 2013
 the Second Amendment revises
the Maximum Net Debt to EBITDAX Ratio to 3.75 to 1.00 for the calendar quarter ending March 31
 2014
 4.25 to 1.00 for the calendar
quarters ending June&nbsp;30
 2014 and September 30
 2014
 and 4.00 to 1.00 for the calendar quarter ending December&nbsp;31
 2014. The Second
Amendment also revises the Collateral Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Senior Credit Facility) to be not less than 0.65 to 1.00
through the quarter ending June&nbsp;30
 2014
 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarters ending September 30
 2014 and December&nbsp;31
 2014
 and 0.80
to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31
 2015 and thereafter
 in order to be consistent with the Subordinated Credit Facility.


of the Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Second Amendment
to Credit Agreement
 attached hereto as Exhibit 10.26
 which is incorporated herein by reference.

Second Amendment to Second Lien Credit
Agreement


 2014
the Company entered into that second amendment (the &ldquo;Subordinated Credit Second Amendment&rdquo;) to the Second Lien Credit
Agreement dated August 8
 2013
 by and among the Company
 as borrower
 Chambers Energy Management
 LP
 as administrative agent
(&ldquo;Chambers&rdquo;)
 and several other lenders
 as previously amended on December 13
 2013 (the &ldquo;Subordinated Credit
Facility&rdquo;). The Subordinated Credit Second Amendment makes several changes to the definitions and covenants under the Subordinated
Credit Facility
adding the defined term &ldquo;In Process Well Costs&rdquo; to describe certain costs paid
or accrued by us for drilling and completion costs of a well in process for purposes of calculating Reserve Value; (ii) revising
the definition of Collateral Coverage Ratio to take into account In Process Well Costs in the calculation of the ratio; (iii) changing
the value assigned to Proved Undeveloped Reserves for purposes of calculating Reserve Value from 50% (subject to a cap) to 0%;
(iv) revising the Minimum Collateral Coverage Ratio definition to be consistent with the changes in the calculation in the Subordinated
Credit Facility and revised the ratio (initially 1.25 to 1.00) for purposes of our covenants to be 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter
ending June&nbsp;30
 2014
 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarters ending September 30
 2014 and December&nbsp;31
 2014
 and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter
ending March 31
 2015 and thereafter; and (v) revising the applicable Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio (initially 3.50 to 1.00)
for purposes of our covenants to 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31
 2014
 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ending June
30
 2014 and September 30
 2014
 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&nbsp;31
 2014
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending
March 31
 2015 and thereafter.


Amendment to Second Lien Credit Agreement is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Second Amendment
to Second Lien Credit Agreement
 attached hereto as Exhibit 10.27
 which is incorporated herein by reference.



    
    




ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


officers and directors as of March 24
 2014:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    







Kenneth
has been our chief executive officer since November 9
 2011. Prior to joining Black Ridge
 Mr. DeCubellis
was the president and chief executive officer of Altra Inc.
[1]
 a venture capital backed biofuels company based in Los Angeles
 California. He joined Altra in June 2006 as
vice president
 business development and was promoted to president in November of 2007 and chief executive officer in
February 2008. From 1996 to 2006
 he was an executive with Exxon Mobil Corp in Houston
 Texas. Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis also
previously served as the chairman of KD Global Energy Belize Ltd.
 a company that provides technical and business services
for petroleum lease holders in Belize. Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis holds a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic
Institute and an MBA from Northwestern University&rsquo;s JL Kellogg Graduate School of Management.




Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis has been our chief executive officer since November
9
 2011
 chief executive officer of Altra Inc. (2008 to 2011)
 vice president- president of Altra Inc. (2006 to 2011)
 and an executive
with Exxon Mobil Corp in Houston
 Texas. (1996 to 2006).

Industry experience - Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis has been our chief executive officer from November 9
 2011
and has broad energy experience as
 chief executive officer of Altra Inc.
 a biofuel company
 and executive experience with Exxon
Mobil Corp.

Education experience - Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Rensselaer Polytechnic
Institute (1990)
 an MBA from Northwestern University&rsquo;s JL Kellogg Graduate School of Management (1996)
 and a Masters of
Engineering Management from Northwestern University&rsquo;s McCormick School of Engineering (1996).




has been the chief operating officer of Black Ridge since August 1
 2013
 and prior to that had served as the Company&rsquo;s vice
president of land since August 2012
 overseeing the Company&rsquo;s acreage portfolio and managing acquisitions and divestitures.
Mr.&nbsp;Eisele brings over five years of oil and gas lease experience in the Williston Basin and greater Rocky Mountain region. Prior
to joining the Company
 Mr.&nbsp;Eisele was the co-owner and landman of High West Resources
 Ltd. from 2011 to 2012
 the owner of Eisele
Resources LLC from 2009 to 2012
 and a self-employed landman from 2007 to 2009. Mr.&nbsp;Eisele is a graduate of Luther College (B.A.).




When Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis became CEO of Altra Inc in 2008
 the company was in deep financial distress. Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis implemented a comprehensive
corporate wide restructuring effort that was completed in 2009. This included restructuring and eliminating all of the debt at
Altra Inc
 raising capital at Altra Inc and refocusing the strategy of the company on a technology license. As part of this restructuring
certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of Altra
 Inc. surrendered assets to lenders or entered in receivership.



    
    






Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Eisele has been our chief operating officer since August 1
 2013
and our vice president of land from August 2012 to July 2013
 co-owner and landman of High West Resources
 Ltd. (2011 to 2012)
owner of Eisele Resources LLC (2009 to 2012) and a self-employed landman (2007 to 2009).

Industry experience - Mr.&nbsp;Eisele has been our chief operating officer from August 1
 2013 and has
over five years of oil and gas lease experience in the Williston Basin and greater Rocky Mountain region.




 has been the chief
financial officer of Black Ridge since March 14
 2011. Mr.&nbsp;Moe had previously been the chief financial officer of Northern Contours
Inc.
 a multi-state manufacturing company located in Mendota Heights
 Minnesota specializing in cabinet doors and work surfaces
since August 2005. From January 2004 to August 2005
 he was the chief financial officer of Trimodal Inc.
 a trucking and container
handling company located in Bloomington
 Minnesota
 which operated in seven cities in the Midwest and East Coast. From April 2000
to December 2003
 Mr.&nbsp;Moe was the corporate controller of Simondelivers.com
 a venture capital backed start-up company located
in Golden Valley
 Minnesota providing home delivery of groceries ordered over the internet. From October 1994 to April 2000
 he
was the corporate controller of Recovery Engineering Inc.
 a high growth publicly traded manufacturer and distributor of small-scale
water filters located in Brooklyn Park
 Minnesota. From November 1989 to October 1994
 Mr.&nbsp;Moe was the controller of Standard
Iron and Wire Works
 a privately held multi-division metal fabricator operating three plants in Minnesota. Upon graduating from
the University of Minnesota with a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting in 1985
 Mr.&nbsp;Moe worked as a senior accountant until
November 1989 for Boulay
 Heutmaker
 Zibell &amp; Company.




Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Moe has been our chief financial officer since March 14
 2011
chief financial officer of Northern Contours Inc. (2005 to 2011)
 and chief financial officer of Trimodal Inc. (2004 to 2005).

Industry experience - Mr.&nbsp;Moe has been our chief financial officer since March 14
 2011 and has
served as a chief financial officer for businesses in other industries. Black Ridge is the first oil and gas company for which
Mr.&nbsp;Moe has provided management services.

Education experience - Mr.&nbsp;Moe holds a bachelor of science degree in accounting from the University
of Minnesota (1985).


has been
a director of Black Ridge since our inception and our chairman since November 12
 2010. He was our chief executive officer from
November 12
 2010 to November 9
 2011
 our chief financial officer between November 12
 2010 and November 15
 2010
 and our corporate
secretary from November 12
 2010 to February 22
 2011. Mr.&nbsp;Berman is the president of King Show Games
 Inc.
 a company he founded
in 1998. Mr.&nbsp;Berman has worked in various capacities in casino gaming from 1992 to 2004 for Grand Casinos
 Inc. and then Lakes
Entertainment
 Inc.
 achieving the position of Vice President of Gaming
 after which he assumed a lesser role in that company.
Mr.&nbsp;Berman was a director of Voyager Oil and Gas
 Inc. (formerly Ante4 and WPT) from August 2004 to November 2010.




Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Berman has been our chairman since November 12
 2010 and was
our chief executive officer from November 12
 2010 to November 9
 2011 and he is the founder and president of King Show Games
Inc.

Finance experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Berman is the founder and president of King Show Games
 Inc.

Industry experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Berman was a director of Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. until November
2010.

Education experience - Mr.&nbsp;Berman attended Mankato State University in Minnesota and University
of Nevada at Las Vegas in Nevada concentrating in business and computer science.



    
    



has been
a director of Black Ridge since November 16
 2010
 and chairman of our audit committee and compensation committee since February
22
 2011. Mr.&nbsp;Oehler is the president and founder of Bashaw Group
 Inc.
 which he founded in 2007. Bashaw Group advises business
owners with regard to strategic planning
 owner governance and education
 business continuity
 legacy
 philanthropy and liquidity.
Prior to founding Bashaw Group
 Mr.&nbsp;Oehler was from 1999 to 2007 the president and chief executive officer of Waycrosse
 Inc.
a financial advisory firm for the family owners of Cargill Incorporated. While at Waycrosse
 Mr.&nbsp;Oehler was the primary advisor
to the five family members who were serving on the Cargill Incorporated board of directors from 1999 to 2006. Mr.&nbsp;Oehler played
a key role in two major growth initiatives for Cargill: the merger of Cargill&rsquo;s fertilizer business into a public company
which is now Mosaic
 Inc.
 and the transformation of Cargill&rsquo;s proprietary financial markets trading group into two major
investment management companies: Black River Asset Management
 LLC and CarVal Investors
 LLC. An investment banker for 20 years
Mr.&nbsp;Oehler&rsquo;s transaction experience includes public offerings and private placements of debt and equity securities
 mergers
and acquisitions
 fairness opinions and valuations of private companies. Prior to joining Waycrosse
 Mr.&nbsp;Oehler was an investment
banker for Piper Jaffray. By the time he left Piper Jaffray in 1999
 he was group head for Piper&rsquo;s Industrial Growth Team.
He has also played a leadership role in a number of corporate buy-outs and venture stage companies
 served on corporate and non-profit
boards of directors
 and has been involved in the creation and oversight of foundations and charitable organizations
 as well
as U.S. trusts and off shore entities.


a board member and founder of many non-profit organizations including the Minnesota Zoological Society
 Minnesota Landscape Arboretum
The Lake Country Land School
 Greencastle Tropical Study Center
 Park Nicollet Institute
 Afton Historical Society Press
 United
Theological Seminary and University of Minnesota Investment Advisor
 Inc. He has been a director of Waycrosse
 Inc.
 WayTrust Inc.
Dain Equity Partners
 Inc.
 Time Management
 Inc.
 BioNIR
 Inc. and Agricultural Solutions
 Inc. In September 2007
 Mr.&nbsp;Oehler
completed the Stanford University Law School Directors Forum
 a three-day update on key issues facing corporate directors presented
by the Stanford Business School and Stanford Law School. From 1984 through 1999
 Mr.&nbsp;Oehler was registered with the National Association
of Securities Dealers (&ldquo;NASD&rdquo;) as a financial principal. Mr.&nbsp;Oehler is a graduate of the University of Minnesota College
of Liberal Arts and has completed all course work at the University of Minnesota Business School with a concentration in finance.




Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Oehler is the president and founder of Bashaw Group
 Inc. (2007
to present)
 was the president and chief executive officer of Waycrosse
 Inc. (1999 to 2007). He served as an investment banker
for Piper Jaffray until 1999
 achieving the position of group head of its Industrial Growth Team.

Industry experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Oehler has been a director of Waycrosse
 Inc.
 WayTrust Inc.
 Dain
Equity Partners
 Inc.
 Time Management
 Inc.
 BioNIR
 Inc. and Agricultural Solutions
 Inc.

Education experience - Mr.&nbsp;Oehler is a graduate of the University of Minnesota College of Liberal
Arts.


was appointed as a director of the Company to fill a newly-created directorship seat on August 31
 2012. Mr.&nbsp;Lahti is a Minneapolis
native and leader in numerous Minnesota business and community organizations. As principal of JL Holdings since 1989
 Mr.&nbsp;Lahti
has provided funding and management leadership to several early-stage or distressed companies. From 1993 to 2002
 he held the positions
of chief operating officer
 president
 chief executive officer and chairman at Shuffle Master
 Inc.
 a company that provides innovative
products to the gaming industry. Mr.&nbsp;Lahti currently serves as Chairman of the Board of PokerTek
 Inc.
 a publicly traded company
and he is also an independent director of AFAM/Innealta. Within the past five years Mr.&nbsp;Lahti served on the board of directors
of Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 and more than five years ago Mr.&nbsp;Lahti served as the chairman of the board of directors of Shuffle
Master
 Inc. and served on the board of directors of Zomax
 Inc. Through his public company Board experience
 he has participated
on
 and chaired
 both Audit and Compensation Committees.




Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Lahti is a principal of JL Holdings (1989 to present). Mr.&nbsp;Lahti
currently serves as Chairman of the Board of PokerTek
 Inc.
 a publicly traded company. He served as chief executive officer and
chairman of Shuffle Master
 Inc.
 a publicly traded company (1997-2002).

Industry experience - Mr.&nbsp;Lahti has participated as an independent director in several public companies
in a variety of other industries
 including serving as an independent director of Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and serving as the
compensation committee chair for Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Poker Tek
 Inc. and compensation committee member of Zomax Inc.
and several private companies.





to make any specific amount or percentage of his business time available to us. Each of our officers intends to devote such amount
of his or her time to our affairs as is required or deemed appropriate.



    
    







have a standing nominating committee
 but rather the Board of Directors as a whole considers director nominees. The Board of Directors
has determined this is appropriate given the size of the Board of Directors and the Company&rsquo;s current size. The Board will
consider candidates suggested by its members
 other directors
 senior management and stockholders in anticipation of upcoming elections
and actual or expected board vacancies. The Board of Directors has not adopted a formal diversity policy or established specific
minimum criteria or qualifications because from time to time the needs of the Board and the Company may change. All candidates
including those recommended by stockholders
 are evaluated on the same basis in light of the entirety of their credentials and
the needs of the Board of Directors and the Company. Of particular importance is the candidate&rsquo;s wisdom
 integrity
 ability
to make independent analytical inquiries
 understanding of the business environment in which the Company operates
 as well as his
or her potential contribution to the diversity of the Board of Directors and his or her willingness to devote adequate time to
fulfill his or her duties as a director. The Board of Directors will consider director candidates recommended by the Company&rsquo;s
stockholders. Stockholders may recommend director candidates by contacting the Chairman of the Board as provided under the heading
&ldquo;Communications with the Board of Directors.&rdquo; The Company did not employ a search firm or pay fees to other third parties
in connection with seeking or evaluating board nominee candidates.




December&nbsp;31
 2013
 the Board of Directors held four meetings
 the Audit Committee held five meetings
 and the Compensation Committee
held two meetings. Each of our elected Directors attended at least 75% of all meetings of the Board of Directors and the committees
on which he served during the year.




hold an annual meeting of stockholders in 2013. If the Company holds an annual meeting of stockholders in the future
 the Board
of Directors will encourage Directors to attend such annual meeting.




has no formal policy with respect to separation of the positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or with respect to whether
the Chairman should be a member of management or an independent director
 and believes that these are matters that should be discussed
and determined by the Board from time to time based on the position and direction of the Company and the membership of the Board.
The Board has determined that having Bradley Berman
 although not considered independent due to his former role as Chief Executive
Officer
 serve as Chairman is in the best interest of the Company&rsquo;s stockholders at this time due to his extensive knowledge
of the Company. Further
 the separation of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer positions allows the Chief Executive Officer
to focus on the management of the Company&rsquo;s day-to-day operations.



    
    





believes that risk management is an important component of the Company&rsquo;s corporate strategy. The Board
 as a whole
 oversees
our risk management process
 and discusses and reviews with management major policies with respect to risk assessment and risk
management. The Board is regularly informed through its interactions with management and committee reports about risks we currently
face
 as well as the most likely areas of future risk
 in the course of our business including economic
 financial
 operational
legal and regulatory risks.




interested persons seeking to communicate directly with the Board of Directors
 the independent directors as a group or any of
the Audit or Compensation Committees of the Board of Directors
 should submit their written comments c/o Corporate Secretary at
our principal executive offices at 10275 Wayzata Boulevard
 Suite 100
 Minnetonka MN 55305 and should indicate in the address whether
the communication is intended for the Chairman of the Board
 the Independent Directors or a Committee Chair. The Chairman of the
Board will review any such communication at the next regularly scheduled Board of Directors meeting unless
 in his or her judgment
earlier communication to the Board of Directors is warranted.


the Board of Directors
 we reserve the right to screen all materials sent to its directors for potential security risks
 harassment
purposes or routine solicitations.




has adopted a Code of Ethics which applies to our directors
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and other Company
employees who perform similar functions.




Exchange Act requires the Company&rsquo;s directors
 executive officers and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class
of the Company&rsquo;s securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common
stock and other equity securities of the Company. Directors
 executive officers and greater than 10% stockholders are required
by SEC regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all Section&nbsp;16(a) reports they file. To our knowledge
 based solely
on the review of the copies of these forms furnished to us and representations that no other reports were required
 the Company
believes the following forms required to be filed under Section 16 of the Exchange Act for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 have
not been filed timely:



    
    
One Form 4 for Mr.&nbsp;Joseph Lahti filed on December 17
 2013.





    
    







as a &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act and Item 10 of Regulation
S-K. Accordingly
 and in accordance with relevant SEC rules and guidance
 we have elected
 with respect to the disclosures required
by Item 402 (Executive Compensation) of Regulation S-K
 to comply with the disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting
companies. The following Compensation Overview is not comparable to the &ldquo;Compensation Discussion and Analysis&rdquo; that is required
of SEC reporting companies that are not smaller reporting companies.


Overview describes the material elements of compensation for our executive officers identified in the Summary Compensation Table
(&ldquo;Named Executive Officers&rdquo;)
 and executive officers that we may hire in the future. As more fully described below
our board&rsquo;s compensation committee reviews and recommends policies
 practices
 and procedures relating to the total direct
compensation of our executive officers
 including the Named Executive Officers
 and the establishment and administration of certain
of our employee benefit plans to our board of directors.




is based on the premise of attracting
 retaining
 and motivating exceptional leaders
 setting high goals
 working toward the common
objectives of meeting the expectations of customers and stockholders
 and rewarding outstanding performance. Following this philosophy
we consider all relevant factors in determining executive compensation
 including the competition for talent
 our desire to link
pay with performance
 the use of equity to align executive interests with those of our stockholders
 individual contributions
teamwork
 and each executive&rsquo;s total compensation package. We strive to accomplish these objectives by compensating all executives
with compensation packages consisting of a combination of competitive base salary and incentive compensation.


by our Named Executive Officers is based primarily on the levels at which we can afford to retain them and their responsibilities
and individual contributions. Our compensation policy also reflects our strategy of minimizing general and administration expenses
and utilizing independent professional consultants. Our compensation committee and board of directors apply the compensation philosophy
and policies described below to determine the compensation of Named Executive Officers.


of the compensation and benefits we consider is to attract
 retain
 and motivate highly talented individuals who will engage in
the behavior necessary to enable us to succeed in our mission
 while upholding our values in a highly competitive marketplace.
Different elements are designed to engender different behaviors
 and the actual incentive amounts which may be awarded to each
Named Executive Officer are subject to the annual review of our compensation committee who will make recommendations regarding
compensation to our board of directors. The following is a brief description of the key elements of our planned executive compensation
structure.




Incentive compensation awards are designed to focus employees on the business objectives for a
particular year.

Equity incentive awards
 such as stock options and non-vested stock
 focus executives&rsquo; efforts
on the behaviors within the recipients&rsquo; control that they believe are designed to ensure our long-term success as reflected
in increases to our stock prices over a period of several years
 growth in our profitability and other elements.

Severance and change in control plans are designed to facilitate a company&rsquo;s ability to attract
and retain executives as we compete for talented employees in a marketplace where such protections are commonly offered.



    
    





benchmarking but may do so in the future. When making compensation decisions
 our compensation committee and board of directors
may compare each element of compensation paid to our Named Executive Officers against a report showing comparable compensation
metrics from a group that includes both publicly-traded and privately-held companies. Our board believes that while such peer group
benchmarks are a point of reference for measurement
 they are not necessarily a determining factor in setting executive compensation.
Each executive officer&rsquo;s compensation relative to the benchmark varies based on the scope of responsibility and time in the
position. We have not yet formally established our peer group for this purpose.






salaries are based on job responsibilities and individual contribution. Our compensation committee and board of directors review
the base salaries of our executive officers
 including our Named Executive Officers
 considering factors such as corporate progress
toward achieving objectives (without reference to any specific performance-related targets) and individual performance experience
and expertise. Other than the Change of Control Agreements described below
 none of our Named Executive Officers have employment
agreements with us. Additional factors reviewed by our compensation committee and board of directors in determining appropriate
base salary levels and raises include subjective factors related to corporate and individual performance. For the year ended December
31
 2013
 all executive officer base salary decisions were approved by the board of directors.


determines and then recommends to the whole board base salaries for the Named Executive Officers at the beginning of each fiscal
year. The compensation committee proposes new base salary amounts
 if appropriate
 based on its evaluation of individual performance
and expected future contributions. The board of directors then approves base salary amounts for the fiscal year. We do not have
a 401(k) Plan
 but if we adopt one in the future
 base salary would be the only element of compensation that would be used in determining
the amount of contributions permitted under the 401(k) Plan.




has not yet recommended a formal compensation policy for the determination of bonuses
 however
 on December 12
 2013
 our board
of directors granted to our Named Executive Officers bonuses consisting of a total of 1
200
000 common stock options to purchase
common stock at $0.65 per share
 exercisable over 10 years
 vesting in five equal annual installments beginning one year from the
date of grant.


and bonuses become affordable and justifiable
 we expect to use the following parameters in justifying and quantifying bonuses
for our Named Executive Officers and other officers of the Company: (1) the growth in our revenue
 (2) the growth in our earnings
before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization
 as adjusted (&ldquo;EBITDA&rdquo;)
 and (3) our stock price. The board has
not adopted specific performance goals and target bonus amounts
 but may do so in the future.




2010
 as amended on February 22
 2011 and March 2
 2012
 our board of directors adopted the Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Incentive
Plan under which a total of 7
500
000 shares of our common stock have been reserved for issuance as restricted stock or pursuant
to the grant and exercise of stock options. Our Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Incentive Plan has been approved by the holders
of a majority of our outstanding shares. We believe equity incentive awards motivate our employees to work to improve our business
and stock price performance
 thereby further linking the interests of our senior management and our stockholders. The board considers
several factors in determining whether awards are granted to an executive officer
 including those previously described
 as well
as the executive&rsquo;s position
 his or her performance and responsibilities
 and the amount of options or other awards
 if any
currently held by the officer and their vesting schedule. Our policy prohibits backdating options or granting them retroactively.




business we have limited benefits and no prerequisites for our employees other than health insurance and vacation benefits that
are generally comparable to those offered by other small private and public companies or as may be required by applicable state
employment laws. We do not have a 401(k) Plan or any other retirement plan for our Named Executive Officers. We may adopt these
plans and confer other fringe benefits for our executive officers in the future.



    
    






employment agreements with our Named Executive Officers or any other executive officer or employee of the Company. However
 as
of the date of this filing
 we have entered into Change of Control Agreements (the &ldquo;CIC Agreements&rdquo;) with executives
Ken DeCubellis
 James Moe
 and Michael Eisele. The CIC Agreements provide that
 in the event that (i) the executive is terminated
other than for cause
 disability
 or death
 or (ii) there is a &ldquo;Change in Circumstances&rdquo;
 in either case within 12 months
of a &ldquo;Change in Control
&rdquo; then the executive is entitled to receive his annual salary in regular distributions
over the course of the next 12 months
 to take part in the Company&rsquo;s health and dental group policies
 and to receive the
same employer contributions for health and dental coverage that the Company provides to its other executive employees as of the
executive&rsquo;s last day of employment with the Company.


CIC Agreements
 a &ldquo;Change in Control&rdquo; is broadly defined to include the acquisition by any person
 entity
 or group
of at least 33% of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding voting securities entitled to vote for the election of directors (excluding
equity offerings)
 a turnover of at least a majority of the board seats from the date of the Change in Control Agreement (subject
to exceptions for new board members who are approved by a majority of incumbent directors)
 and approval by our stockholders of
a major corporate transaction such as a sale of substantially all of the company&rsquo;s assets
 liquidation or dissolution of
the Company
 or a merger or consolidation in which our stockholders hold 50% or less of the equity in the surviving entity.


Circumstances&rdquo; is defined by the Change in Control Agreements to include demotions or substantial changes in material duties
salary reductions that are not applied equally to other similarly situated executives
 required relocation to a destination more
than 50 miles away
 a substantial reduction in benefits and perquisites
 or any other material change in the terms and conditions
of the applicable executive&rsquo;s employment. In order for a Change in Circumstances to give rise to the Company&rsquo;s obligation
to provide severance and the benefits described above to an executive
 the executive must object to the Change in Circumstances
within 30 days of its occurrence.




sets forth the total compensation paid in all forms to our named executive officers of the Company during the periods indicated:




    

    
    
    
    
Option
                                         Awards

    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
220
000
    
614
609
    
    
    
834
609

    
    
200
000
    
31
294
    
    
    
231
294

    
    
29
167
    
745
587
    
    
    
774
754

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
115
417
    
310
920
    
    
    
426
337

    
    
43
750
15
000
35
853
    
    
    
94
603

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
152
972
    
167
833
    
    
    
320
805

    
    
145
000
15
000
27
595
    
    
    
187
595

    
    
109
449
    
830
109
    
    
    
939
558



Michael Eisele was promoted to the position of chief operating officer on August 1
 2013.


On September 25
 2012
 Mr.&nbsp;Kenneth T. DeCubellis agreed to the cancellation of 1
000
000 stock
options previously granted on October 26
 2011 in exchange for new stock option agreements. Under the new agreements the original
number of stock options remains the same
 but will have a new exercise price of $0.27 per share. These options will vest in five
equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant on September 25
 2013
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested. The additional estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model was $31
294 greater than the estimated
value immediately preceding the modifications
 and is being amortized in addition to the remaining unamortized value of the original
option grants.


On September 25
 2012
 Mr.&nbsp;James Moe agreed to the cancellation of 500
000 stock options previously
granted on February 22
 2011 in exchange for new stock option agreements. Under the new agreements the original number of stock
options remains the same
 but will have a new exercise price of $0.27 per share. These options will vest in five equal annual installments
commencing one year from the date of grant on September 25
 2013
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries thereof until fully
vested. The additional estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model was $27
595 greater than the estimated value immediately
preceding the modifications
 and is being amortized in addition to the remaining unamortized value of the original option grants.


See Notes 4 and 12 of our audited financial statements included herein for additional information
on assumptions made in the valuation of option awards.



    
    





in Control Agreements described above
 we have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers to date.
We may enter into employment agreements with them in the future.




sets forth information with respect to unexercised stock options
 stock that has not vested
 and equity incentive plan awards held
by our executive officers at December&nbsp;31
 2013.




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Kenneth T. DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer
    
750
000
    
December 11
 2023

    
    
400
000
    
January 23
 2023

    
200
000
800
000
    
September 24
 2022

    
    
    
    
    

Michael Eisele
 Chief Operating Officer
    
250
000
    
December 11
 2023

    
    
165
000
    
July 31
 2023

    
    
165
000
    
January 23
 2023

    
30
000
120
000
    
August 9
 2023

    
    
    
    
    

James Moe
 Chief Financial Officer
    
200
000
    
December 11
 2023

    
    
115
000
    
January 23
 2023

    
100
000
400
000
    
September 24
 2022

    
80
000
120
000
    
November 1
 2021



Options vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant on December
12
 2014
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries thereof until fully vested.

Options vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant on January
24
 2014
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries thereof until fully vested.

Remaining unvested options vest in four equal annual installments
 beginning September 24
 2014
and continuing on the next three anniversaries thereof until fully vested.

Options vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant on August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2014
and continuing on the next four anniversaries thereof until fully vested.

Remaining unvested options vest in four equal annual installments
 beginning August 10
 2014
 and
continuing on the next three anniversaries thereof until fully vested.

Remaining unvested options vest in three equal annual installments
 beginning November 2
 2014
and continuing on the next two anniversaries thereof until fully vested.



    
    





officers exercised any stock options or acquired stock through vesting of an equity award during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013.




summarizes the compensation paid or accrued by us to our directors for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Bradley Berman
 Chairman
    
    
    
$56
746
    
    
    
$56
746

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
$56
746
    
    
    
$56
746

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
$56
746
    
    
    
$56
746



Effective December 12
 2013
 we granted to each of our directors options to purchase up to 100
000
shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.65 per share
 exercisable until December 13
 2023
 vesting in five equal
annual installments beginning on the one year anniversary of the grant date. The value of these option awards was calculated utilizing
the Black-Scholes Pricing Model.


has not yet recommended policy for board compensation
 however option awards have been granted to independent directors upon joining
the board and on an annual basis. The Company has not paid cash fees to directors and has no formal compensation arrangements with
its directors. No form of compensation has been paid or granted to Mr.&nbsp;Berman
 the Chairman of the Board of Directors
 since his
resignation as an officer of the Company on November 9
 2011 aside from the option award noted in the above table. While there
is no set policy regarding board compensation
 this may be subject to change by the directors.


    
    


ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 15
 2014 by: (i) each person who
is known by us to own beneficially more than 5% of our common stock; (ii) each director; (iii) each named executive officer; and
(iv) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. On March 15
 2014
 we had 47
979
990 shares of common stock outstanding.


purchased shares in our private offering which closed on December 16
 2010 with respect to 5
110
000 shares of our common stock
excluding shares purchased by our officers and directors
 have entered into a voting agreement that gives our board of directors
by majority vote
 the power to vote certain shares of common stock. The terms of the voting agreement provides that each agreement
is effective for one year from the date entered into and will automatically renew for subsequent one year periods unless the stockholder
gives notice of termination to us at least 30 days prior to the expiration of each annual period. In addition
 the voting agreements
expire:








below and elsewhere in this form
 the term &ldquo;beneficial ownership&rdquo; with respect to a security consists of sole or shared
voting power
 including the power to vote or direct the vote and/or sole or shared investment power
 including the power to dispose
or direct the disposition
 with respect to the security through any contract
 arrangement
 understanding
 relationship
 or otherwise
including a right to acquire such power(s) during the next 60 days following March 15
 2014. Inclusion of shares in the table
does not
 however
 constitute an admission that the named stockholder is a direct or indirect beneficial owner of those shares.
Unless otherwise indicated
 (i) each person or entity named in the table has sole voting power and investment power (or shares
that power with that person&rsquo;s spouse) with respect to all shares of capital stock listed as owned by that person or entity
and (ii) the address of each person or entity named in the table is c/o Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 10275 Wayzata Boulevard
Suite 100
 Minnetonka
 Minnesota 55305.



Name
 Title and Address of Beneficial Owner
    
    

Bradley Berman
 Chairman of Board and Director
7
190
731
    

Ken DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer
366
000
    

Michael Eisele
 Chief Operating Officer
63
000
    

James Moe
 Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary
203
000
    

Joseph Lahti
 Director
40
000
    

Benjamin Oehler
 Director
160
000
    

    
8
022
731
    

    
2
579
853
    

    
3
886
335
    



 LLC

 Bismarck
        
4
514
595
    



 Inc.

 Bismarck
        
4
514
594
    


        

 Suite C6

 NV 89119
3
250
000
    

Chambers
                                         Energy Management
 LP

 Suite&nbsp;7330

 TX 77002

5
000
000

    






Except as pursuant to applicable community property laws
 the persons named in the table have sole
voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned. The total number of issued and outstanding
shares and the total number of shares owned by each person does not include unexercised warrants and stock options owned by parties
other than for whom the calculation is presented
 and is calculated as of March 15
 2014.

Includes 1
100
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable
within 60 days of March 15
 2014. Includes 712
229 shares held by certain trusts for the children of Mr.&nbsp;Bradley Berman. Includes
185
898 shares owned by Mr.&nbsp;Bradley Berman&rsquo;s wife.

Includes 280
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within
60 days of March 15
 2014. Includes 5
000 shares owned by Mr.&nbsp;Ken DeCubellis&rsquo; wife.

Includes 63
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within
60 days of March 15
 2014.

Includes 203
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within
60 days of March 15
 2014.

Includes 40
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within
60 days of March 15
 2014.

Includes 160
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within
60 days of March 15
 2014.

Does
                                         not include a total of 5
110
000 additional shares over which our board of directors
                                         has voting but not dispositive power as a result of voting agreements between us and
                                         certain other shareholders.

Includes 24
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within
60 days of March 15
 2014. Does not include 3
717
313 shares held by trusts for the children of Mr.&nbsp;Lyle Berman
 the trustee for
which is Mr.&nbsp;Neil Sell.

Includes 169
022 shares owned by Mr.&nbsp;Sell
 individually
 and an aggregate of 3
717
313 shares owned
by certain trusts for the benefit of Mr.&nbsp;Lyle Berman&rsquo;s children
 for which Mr.&nbsp;Sell is the trustee. Does not include 19
000
shares held by Mr.&nbsp;Sell&rsquo;s spouse
 for which Mr.&nbsp;Sell disclaims beneficial ownership.

These companies sold oil and gas properties to us in various transactions and
 as part of the purchase
price for these properties or down payments related to transactions
 were issued these shares of common stock by us. We may purchase
additional oil and gas properties from these companies in the future
 for which we may issue additional shares of our common stock.

Based on Schedule 13G filed February 14
 2013.
Includes
                                         5
000
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock warrants that are exercisable
                                         within 60 days of March&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2014. Chambers&nbsp;Energy&nbsp;Capital&nbsp;II
&nbsp;LP

&nbsp;LP
 a Delaware limited partnership
 and Chambers&nbsp;Energy&nbsp;Capital&nbsp;II&nbsp;TE
&nbsp;LP

&nbsp;LP
 a Delaware limited partnership
                                         are the record holders of warrants entitling them to purchase 4
454
485.4881 and 545
514.5119
                                         shares of Common Stock. These warrants were filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
                                         as part of the Issuer&rsquo;s Form&nbsp;8-K submitted on August&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2013. CEC&nbsp;Fund&nbsp;II&nbsp;GP
&nbsp;LLC
                                         a Delaware limited liability company
 is the general partner of CEC&nbsp;II
&nbsp;LP
                                         and CEC&nbsp;II&nbsp;TE
&nbsp;LP. CEC&nbsp;GP
&nbsp;LLC
 a Delaware limited liability
                                         company
 is the sole member of CEC&nbsp;Fund&nbsp;II&nbsp;GP
&nbsp;LLC. Chambers&nbsp;Energy&nbsp;Management
&nbsp;LP
&rdquo;)
 a Delaware limited partnership
 provides
                                         certain investment advisory and management services to CEC&nbsp;II
&nbsp;LP and CEC&nbsp;II&nbsp;TE
&nbsp;LP.
                                         Chambers&nbsp;Energy&nbsp;Management&nbsp;GP
&nbsp;LLC
 a Delaware limited liability
                                         company
 is the general partner of the Management Company. J.&nbsp;Robert&nbsp;Chambers
                                         is the managing member of both
 CEC&nbsp;GP
&nbsp;LLC and Chambers&nbsp;Energy&nbsp;Management&nbsp;GP
&nbsp;LLC.





    
    


ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE






and currently lease office space on a month to month basis where the lessor is an entity owned by our former CEO and current Chairman
of the Board of Directors
 Bradley Berman. The sublease agreement was cancelled and we entered into a direct lease on April 30
2012 to expand and occupy approximately 1
142 square feet of office space. The 2012 lease was amended effective November 15
 2013
to occupy approximately 2
813 square feet of office space. In accordance with this lease
 our lease term is on a month-to-month
basis
 provided that either party may provide 90 day notice to terminate the lease
 with base rents of $2
110 per month
 plus
common area operations and maintenance charges
 and monthly parking fees of $240 per month
 for the period from November 15
 2013
to October 31
 2014 and subject to increases of $117 per month beginning November 1
 2014 and for each of the subsequent three
year periods. We have paid a total of $34
350 and $26
546 to this entity during the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
respectively.

Review and Approval of Transactions
with Related Persons


has adopted a related party transaction policy whereby any proposed transaction between the Company and any officer or director
any stockholder owning in excess of 5% of the Company&rsquo;s stock
 immediate family member of an officer or director
 or an entity
that is substantially owned or controlled by one of these individuals
 must be approved by a majority of the disinterested members
of the Audit Committee. The only exceptions to this policy are for transactions that are available to all employees of the Company
generally or involve less than $25
000. If the proposed transaction involves executive or director compensation
 it must be approved
by the Compensation Committee. Similarly
 if a significant opportunity is presented to any of the Company&rsquo;s officers or directors
such officer or director must first present the opportunity to the Board for consideration.


the Audit Committee
 the Audit Committee meets with The Company's management to discuss any proposed related party transactions.
A majority of disinterested members of the Audit Committee must approve a transaction for the Company to enter into it. If approved
management will update the Audit Committee with any material changes to the approved transaction at its regularly scheduled meetings.




trades on the OTC Bulletin Board. As such
 we are not currently subject to corporate governance standards of listed companies
which require
 among other things
 that the majority of the board of directors be independent. We are not currently subject to
corporate governance standards defining the independence of our directors
 and we have chosen to define an &ldquo;independent&rdquo;
director in accordance with the NASDAQ Global Market&rsquo;s requirements for independent directors. Our Board of Directors has
determined that each of Messrs. Oehler and Lahti is &ldquo;independent&rdquo; in accordance with the NASDAQ Global Market&rsquo;s
requirements and
 thus
 that a majority of the current Board of Directors is independent.


will review at least annually the independence of each director. During these reviews
 our Board of Directors will consider transactions
and relationships between each director (and his or her immediate family and affiliates) and us and our management to determine
whether any such transactions or relationships are inconsistent with a determination that the director was independent. The Board
of Directors will conduct its annual review of director independence and to determine if any transactions or relationships exist
that would disqualify any of the individuals who then served as a director under the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market
 or require
disclosure under SEC rules.



    
    





 PLLC
(&ldquo;M&amp;K&rdquo;) was the Company&rsquo;s independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December&nbsp;31
2013 and 2012 and has served the Company as its independent registered public accounting firm since our inception.




presents fees for professional services rendered by M&amp;K for the audit of the Company&rsquo;s annual financial statements for
the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012.



    



    
    
    

    
54
000
53
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
54
000
53
000




    
    


Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval
of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


is responsible for appointing
 setting compensation for
 and overseeing the work of the Company&rsquo;s independent registered
public accounting firm. The Audit Committee has established a policy regarding pre-approval of all audit and permissible non-audit
services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm
 and all such services were approved by the Audit Committee
in the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012.


assesses requests for services by the independent registered public accounting firm using several factors. The Audit Committee
will consider whether such services are consistent with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board&rsquo;s and SEC&rsquo;s rules
on auditor independence. In addition
 the Audit Committee will determine whether the independent registered public accounting firm
is best positioned to provide the most effective and efficient service based upon the members&rsquo; familiarity with the Company&rsquo;s
business
 people
 culture
 accounting systems
 risk profile and whether the service might enhance the Company&rsquo;s ability to
manage or control risk or improve audit quality.



    
    





of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in its general oversight of the Company&rsquo;s financial reporting
process. The Audit Committee&rsquo;s function is more fully described in its charter
 which can be found on the Company&rsquo;s
website at www.blackridgeoil.com. The Committee reviews the charter on an annual basis. The Board of Directors has determined that
each member of the Committee is independent in accordance with the NASDAQ Global Market&rsquo;s requirements for independent directors.
The Board of Directors has also determined that Benjamin Oehler qualifies as an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert&rdquo;
within the meaning of Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements
and reporting process. The independent registered public accounting firm is responsible for auditing those financial statements
and expressing an opinion on the fairness of the audited financial statements based on the audit conducted in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.


responsibilities set forth in its charter
 the Audit Committee has:



    
Reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 with management and M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC
 the Company&rsquo;s independent auditors;




    
Discussed with M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC the matters required to be discussed by Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) Auditing Standard No. 16 (Communication with Audit Committee); and




    
Received the written disclosures and the letter from M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC required by the applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC&rsquo;s communications with the audit committee concerning independence
 and has discussed with M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC its independence.



also considered
 as it determined appropriate
 tax matters and other areas of financial reporting and the audit process over which
the Audit Committee has oversight.


review and discussions described above
 the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited financial statements
be included in the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 for filing with the SEC.



    
    

    
    

    
Benjamin Oehler
 

    
    





    
    




ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES






    
    

    
Distribution Agreement by and between Ante4
 Inc. (now Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.) and Ante5
 Inc. (now Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.)
 dated April 16
 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commissioner by Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on April 19
 2010)

    
    

    
Certificate of Ownership and Merger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on April 3
 2012)

    
    

    
Plan and Agreement of Merger by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 dated December 10
 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on December&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2012)

    
    

    
Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on December 12
 2012)

    
    

    
Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on December 12
 2012) 

    
    

    
Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Schedule 14C filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on March 26
 2012)

    
    

    
Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas Amendment of 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on September 27
 2012)

    
    

    
Form of Stock Incentive Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on September 27
 2012)

    
    

    
Form of Voting Agreement used in connection with our private placement which closed on December 16
 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 9.1 of the Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
 Inc. on August 22
 2011)

    
    

    
Subscription Agreement dated April 13
 2010
 by and between Ante4
 Inc. and Ante5
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 10-12G Registration Statement filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 23
 2010)

    
    

    
Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between Ante4
 Inc. (now Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.)
&nbsp;&nbsp;Plains Energy Acquisition Corp. and Plains Energy Investments
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commissioner by Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on April 19
 2010)

    
    

    
Asset Purchase Agreement dated August 24
 2009 by and among Peerless Media
 Ltd. and WPT Enterprises
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on August 24
 2009)

    
    

    
Guaranty Agreement dated August 24
 2009 made by ElectraWorks Ltd. In favor of WPT Enterprises
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on August 24
 2009)

    
    

    
Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated October 7
 2010
 made by Ante5
 Inc.
 Twin City Technical
 LLC and Irish Oil and Gas
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
 Inc. on October 13
 2010)

    
    




    
    




    
    

    
Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated March 2
 2011
 made by Ante5
 Inc.
 Twin City Technical
 LLC and Irish Oil and Gas
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
 Inc. on March 4
 2011)

    
    

    
Addendum
 dated March 15
 2011
 to the Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated March 2
 2011
 made by Ante5
 Inc.
 Twin City Technical
 LLC and Irish Oil and Gas
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
 Inc. on March 22
 2011)

    
    

    
Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated April 27
 2011
 made by Ante5
 Inc.
 Twin City Technical
 LLC and Irish Oil and Gas
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
 Inc. on May 4
 2011)

    
    

    
Form of Warrant issued in connection with the credit facility (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on September 6
 2012)

    
    

    
Securities Purchase Agreement
 dated July 26
 2011
 by and among Ante5
 Inc. and the several Purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
 Inc. on July 26
 2011)

    
    

    
Registration Rights Agreement
 dated July 26
 2011
 by and among Ante5
 Inc. and the persons named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
 Inc. on July 26
 2011)

    
    

    
Form of Investors&rsquo; Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
 Inc. on July 26
 2011)

    
    

    
Form of Agents&rsquo; Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
 Inc. on July 26
 2011)

    
    

    
Form of Indemnification Agreement with Officers and Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on March 24
 2013)

    
    

    
Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated August 9
 2011
 made by Ante5
 Inc.
 Twin City Technical
 LLC and Irish Oil and Gas
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
 Inc. on August 11
 2011)

    
    

    
Change of Control Agreement
 dated April 5
 2013
 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Ken DeCubellis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on April 5
 2013)

    
    

    
Change of Control Agreement
 dated April 5
 2013
 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and James Moe (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on April 5
 2013)

    
    

    
Change of Control Agreement
 dated August 1
 2013
 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Michael Eisele (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on August 1
 2013)

    
    

    
Credit Agreement
 dated August 8
 2013
 by and among Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 as borrower
 and Cadence Bank
 N.A.
 as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013)

    
    





    
    




    
    

    
Second Lien Credit Agreement
 dated August 8
 2013
 by and among Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 as Borrower
 the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto
 as Lenders
 and Chambers Energy Management LP
 as Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on August 8
 2013)

    
    

    
Warrant
 dated August 8
 2013
 from Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. to Chambers Energy Capital II
 LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on August 8
 2013)

    
    

    
Warrant dated
 August 8
 2013
 from Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. to Chambers Energy Capital II TE
 LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on August 8
 2013)

    
    

    
Purchase and Sale Agreement
 dated November 15
 2013
 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 as Buyer
 and a private company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on November 20
 2013)

    
    

    
First Amendment to Credit Agreement
 dated December 13
 2013
 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 as Borrower
 and Cadence Bank
 N.A.
 as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on December 16
 2013)

    
    

    
First Amendment to Second Lien Credit Agreement
 dated December 13
 2013
 by and among the Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 as Borrower
 Chambers Energy Management
 LP
 as Administrative Agent
 and the several other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on December 16
 2013)

    
    

    
Second Amendment to Credit Agreement
 dated March 24
 2014
 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 as Borrower
 and Cadence Bank
 N.A.
 as Lender

    
    

    
Second Amendment to Second Lien Credit Agreement
 dated March 24
 2014
 by and among the Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 as Borrower
 Chambers Energy Management
 LP
 as Administrative Agent
 and the several other lenders party thereto 

    
    

    
Consent of Netherland
Sewell &amp; Associates
 Inc.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Report of Netherland
Sewell &amp; Associates
 Inc.

    
    

    
    

    

    






    
    







of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.






 INC.

    
    

    
    
    

    
    

 Chief Executive Officer (Principal
    Executive Officer)



OF ATTORNEY


members of the Board of Directors of BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 Inc.
 whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints
each of James Moe or Ken DeCubellis
 such person&rsquo;s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution
and resubstitution for such person and in such name
 place and stead
 in any and all capacities
 to sign the Form 10-K for the
year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013 (the &ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;) of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and any or all amendments to
such Annual Report
 and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities
and Exchange Commission
 granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every
act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises
 as fully to all intents and purposes as such person
might or could do in person
 hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent
 or his substitute or substitutes
may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.


of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed
by the following persons in the capacities indicated on the dates indicated.




    
    
    
    

    
    
    

 2014

    


    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

 2014

    


    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

 2014

    


    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

 2014

    


    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

 2014

    


    
    

    
    
    
    







    














     








&rdquo;) is dated and effective as of March 24

Date

 INC.
&rdquo;)

 N.A.





entered into a Credit Agreement dated as of August 8
 2013
 as amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated
as of December 13
 2013 (as amended
&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which the Bank established in favor of the
Borrower certain credit facilities and loans.


Bank make certain amendments to the Agreement in accordance with Section 14.1 thereof.


 subject to the terms and
conditions hereof
 has agreed to honor the Borrower&rsquo;s request.


 THEREFORE
 the parties
hereto
 in consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth and intending to be legally bound hereby
 do hereby further
amend the Agreement and agree as follows:

 Capitalized
terms used herein which are defined in the Agreement
 are used herein with such defined meanings
 as said definitions may be amended
by this Second Amendment.


added to Section 1.1 of the Agreement:

&rdquo;
means that certain Second Amendment to Credit Agreement by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Cadence Bank
 N.A.
dated March 24
 2014.


definition of &ldquo;Second Lien Credit Agreement&rdquo; is hereby deleted from Section 1.1 of the Agreement
 and replaced with
the following definition:

&rdquo;
shall mean that certain Second Lien Credit Agreement dated as of August 8
 2013 by and among Borrower
 the lenders from time to
time parties thereto and Chambers Energy Management
 L.P.
 as agent
 as amended by a First Amendment to Second Lien Credit Agreement
dated as of December 13
 2013 and further amended by a Second Amendment to Second Lien Credit Agreement dated as of March 24
 2013.



    
    


Section
11.7(b) of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and restated as follows:

Borrower shall maintain
 as of the end of each calendar quarter set forth below
 the ratio of Net Debt to EBITDAX specified next to each such calendar quarter
&rdquo; shall mean Borrower&rsquo;s Debt for borrowed money
 including one hundred percent (100%) of all Loans and Reimbursement Obligations
 less the amount of unrestricted cash equivalents on the balance sheet of Borrower that is subject to a deposit account control agreement as of such day.



    
    


 2013
 September 30
 2013 and December 31

    



    


 2014 and September 30

    



    



    


Restatement of Section
11.7(e).

Collateral Coverage Ratio.

 a Collateral Coverage Ratio of not less than
the corresponding ratio set forth below:



    
    


 2013 through June 30

    


 2014 through December 31

    



    


Restatement of Last Paragraph
of Section 11.7.



    
    



of testing covenants (b)
 (c) and (d) above
 EBITDAX
 and
 for the purpose of testing covenant (d) only
 cash interest
 will be
calculated as follows:


EBITDAX and cash interest used in the covenant test for the third quarter of 2013 will be Borrower&rsquo;s
EBITDAX or cash interest
 as applicable
 for the third quarter times four;


EBITDAX and cash interest used for the fourth quarter of 2013 will be the sum of Borrower&rsquo;s
EBITDAX or cash interest
 as applicable
 for the third and fourth quarters of 2013 times two;


EBITDAX for the first quarter of 2014 will be the sum of Borrower&rsquo;s EBITDAX or cash interest
as applicable
 for the third and fourth quarters of 2013 and the first quarter of 2014 times four thirds (4/3); and


Beginning with the second quarter of 2014
 EBITDAX and cash interest will be calculated on a trailing
twelve months basis.

Revised Compliance Certificate.

made by this Second Amendment. A copy of the revised Compliance Certificate is attached as 

Conditions Precedent.

of this Second Amendment by Borrower
 (ii) copies of all other documents
 instruments and certificates which the Bank or its counsel
may reasonably request in connection herewith
 and (iii) all fees
 charges and expenses which are due and payable under this Second
Amendment. Lender reserves the right
 in its sole discretion
 to waive one or both of the foregoing conditions precedent.

.
On and as of the date of this Second Amendment
 and after giving effect to this Second Amendment
 the Borrower confirms
 reaffirms
and restates the representations and warranties set forth in the Agreement and the Loan Documents; provided
 that each reference
to the Agreement herein shall be deemed to include the Agreement as amended by this Second Amendment.


All of the liens
 privileges
 priorities and equities existing and to exist under and in accordance with the terms of the Loan
Documents are hereby renewed
 extended and carried forward as security for all of the Loans and all other debts
 obligations and
liabilities of the Borrower to Bank. More specifically
 the Borrower hereby acknowledges and confirms that the Mortgage and Security
Agreement secure all present and future indebtedness of Borrower to Bank
 including without limitation all of the Loans. Further
the parties to this Second Amendment acknowledge that all Loans are cross-defaulted and cross-secured.


Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse the Bank for all legal fees and expenses of counsel to the Bank in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Second Amendment.



    
    


. There are no oral
agreements between the Bank and the Borrower. The Agreement
 as amended by this Second Amendment
 and the other Loan Documents
set forth the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior written and oral
understandings between the Borrower and the Bank with respect to the matters herein and therein set forth. The Agreement
 as amended
by this Second Amendment
 cannot be modified or amended except by a writing signed and delivered by the Borrower and the Bank.

 In consideration
of the Bank&rsquo;s execution of this Second Amendment
 the Borrower does hereby irrevocably waive any and all claims and/or defenses
to payment on any indebtedness arising under the Agreement and owed by any of them to the Bank that may exist as of the date of
execution of this Second Amendment.


This Second Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas. This Second Amendment
may be executed in any number of counterparts
 all of which counterparts
 when taken together
 shall constitute one and the same
instrument.

 Except as
expressly modified herein
 the Agreement
 as amended by this Second Amendment
 shall continue in full force and effect. The Agreement
as amended by this Second Amendment
 is hereby ratified and confirmed by the parties hereto.

The
Borrower hereby certifies to the Bank that all corporate resolutions and limited liability company member consents and appointments
previously delivered to Bank in connection with the Agreement remain in effect.















    
    


IN WITNESS WHEREOF

the parties hereto have caused this Second Amendment to Credit Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the date hereinabove
provided by the authorized officers each hereunto duly authorized.



    

        
        
BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.
        
        
        

Ken DeCubellis
        

    
    

    
    
        
        
CADENCE BANK
 N.A.
        
        
        

Steven Taylor
        

    
    







    
    














 N.A.

 Suite 3800

 TX 77056




is submitted pursuant to the requirements of that certain Credit Agreement dated August 8
 2013
 by and between Black Ridge Oil
&amp; Gas
&rdquo;) and Cadence Bank
&rdquo;)
 as amended by that certain
First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated December 13
 2013
 and as further amended by that certain Second Amendment to Credit
Agreement dated March ___
 2014 (as amended
 the &ldquo;


of the Credit Agreement
 the undersigned certifies that
 to the best of its knowledge and belief
 no condition
 event
 or act which
with or without notice or lapse of time or both
 would constitute an event of default under the terms of the Credit Agreement
&rdquo;). Also
 to
the best of its knowledge
 Borrower has complied with all provisions of the Credit Agreement.


 Borrower submits
the following financial information for the Reporting Period in accordance with the financial covenants and ratios contained in
the Credit Agreement.






    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    


MAXIMUM
NET DEBT TO EBITDAX RATIO




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(6-30-2013
9-30-2013 and 12-31-2013)

(3-31-2014)

(6-30-2014 through 9-30-2014)

(12-31-2014)

(3-31-2015 and thereafter)

    

    
    
    


MAXIMUM
SENIOR LEVERAGE RATIO



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


MINIMUM
INTEREST COVERAGE RATIO




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



MINIMUM
COLLATERAL COVERAGE RATIO




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(12-31-2013
through 6-30-2014)
(9-30-2014
and 12-31-2014)
(3-31-2015
and thereafter)

    

    
    
    

    
    
    




Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.






    















     




SECOND
AMENDMENT 

SECOND
&rdquo;)
 dated as of March 24
 2014
 is by
and among Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
&rdquo;)
 the several banks and other
&rdquo;) and CHAMBERS ENERGY MANAGEMENT
LP
 as the agent (in such capacity
 the &ldquo;


 Borrower
 the Lenders and the
Agent are parties to that certain Second Lien Credit Agreement
 dated as of August 8
 2013 (as amended by that certain First Amendment
to Second Lien Credit Agreement dated as of December 13
 2013
 and as may be further amended
 restated
 amended and restated
 supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time
 the &ldquo;


 Borrower has requested that
the Lenders agree to make certain amendments to the Credit Agreement in accordance with Section 9.1 thereof;


 on the terms and subject to
the conditions contained herein
 the Lenders are willing to make certain amendments to the Credit Agreement;


 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the
foregoing recitals
 the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration
 the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged
 the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:



Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Amendment shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Credit Agreement.
The principles of interpretation set forth in Section 1.2 of the Credit Agreement shall apply to the provisions of this Amendment.

Each reference to &ldquo;hereof&rsquo;
 &ldquo;hereunder&rdquo;
 &ldquo;herein&rdquo; and &ldquo;hereby&rdquo; and each
other similar reference contained in the Credit Agreement
 each reference to &ldquo;this Agreement&rdquo; or &ldquo;the Credit
Agreement&rdquo; and each other similar reference contained in the Agreement or any other Loan Document and each reference contained
in this Amendment to the &ldquo;Credit Agreement&rdquo; shall on and after the Second Amendment Effective Date (as defined below)
refer to the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment. Any notices
 requests
 certificates and other instruments executed
and delivered on or after the Second Amendment Effective Date may refer to the Credit Agreement without making specific reference
to this Amendment but nevertheless all such references shall mean the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment unless the
context otherwise requires.

. In reliance on the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3 below and
subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4 below
 the parties hereby agree to the following amendments:

Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by inserting therein the following new definition in its proper alphabetical
place:

 the cash funded
by Borrower pursuant to an authority for expenditure for the drilling and completion of a given well for which the Proved Reserves
attributable to such well have yet to be included as Proved Developed Producing Reserves in a Reserve Report delivered to Agent
pursuant to this Agreement.&quot;



    
    




 as of
any date of determination
 the ratio of (a) the sum of (i) Reserve Value 
(iii) In Process Well Costs to (b) Adjusted Total Indebtedness.&quot;

 the PV 10 Value of
the Oil and Gas Properties of the Loan Parties
 as set forth in the Reserve Reports delivered pursuant hereto and adjusted at the
date of determination for production
 Asset Sales
 new discoveries of Hydrocarbons
 revisions and extensions and purchases of Hydrocarbon
Interests occurring since the date of the most recent Reserve Report previously delivered pursuant hereto. For purposes of this
calculation
 (i) the present value
 discounted at 10.0%
 of Proved Developed Producing Reserves shall be multiplied by 95.0% (the
&rdquo;); (ii) the present value
 discounted at 10.0%
 of Proved Developed Non-Producing
Reserves shall be multiplied by 75.0%; and (iii) the present value of Proved Undeveloped Reserves shall be zero.&quot;



. Permit the
Collateral Coverage Ratio at the last day of any fiscal quarter of Borrower specified below to be less than the corresponding
ratio set forth below:



    
    


 2013 through June 30

    


 2014 through December 31

    



    


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

. Permit
the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio as at the last day of any fiscal quarter of Borrower specified below to exceed the corresponding
ratio set forth below:


    
    


 2013 through December 31

    



    


 2014 and September 30

    



    



    


 that for the purposes of determining
the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio
 (i) Consolidated EBITDA for the period ending September 30
 2013 shall be deemed to equal
Consolidated EBITDA for the fiscal quarter ending September 30
 by 4
 (ii) Consolidated EBITDA for the period
ending December 31
 2013 shall be deemed to equal Consolidated EBITDA for the fiscal quarters ending September 30
 2013 and December
31
 by 2
 and (iii) Consolidated EBITDA for the period ending March 31
 2014 shall be deemed to equal Consolidated
EBITDA for the fiscal quarters ending September 30
 2013
 December 31
 2013 and March 31
 2014 



    
    


. The Borrower represents and warrants as of the date hereof and on the
Second Amendment Effective Date to the Agent and each Lender that:

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 and the legal right
 to make
 deliver and perform this Amendment and (ii) has
taken all necessary corporate or other action to authorize the execution
 delivery and performance of this Amendment;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 filing with
 notice to or other act by or in respect of
 any Governmental Authority or any
other Person is required to be obtained by Borrower in connection with the execution
 delivery
 performance
 validity or enforceability
of this Amendment;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 valid and binding
obligation of Borrower
 enforceable against Borrower in accordance with its terms
 except as enforceability may be limited by applicable
bankruptcy
 insolvency
 reorganization
 moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors&rsquo; rights generally
and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law);

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 delivery and performance of this Amendment will not result in a violation by Borrower of any Requirement
of Law or any Contractual Obligation of Borrower and will not result in
 or require
 the creation or imposition of any Lien on
any of its Properties or revenues pursuant to any Requirement of Law or any such Contractual Obligation;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 the representations and warranties made by any Loan Party in or
pursuant to the Loan Documents are true and accurate as of the date hereof with the same force and effect as if such had been made
on and as of the date hereof;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

it is a party; and

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;




    
    


. The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions
precedent (the date of satisfaction of such conditions precedent
 the &ldquo;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 or caused to be paid
 each of the outstanding invoices of Latham &amp; Watkins
 LLP
 counsel for
the Agent;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 or shall have caused to be executed and delivered
 such other items as the Agent
may reasonably request
 each of which shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent.

. This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document
 as such term is defined in the Credit Agreement.
This Amendment is not intended to nor shall it be construed to create a novation or accord and satisfaction with respect to any
of the Obligations.

. Any provision of this Amendment that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall
 as to
such jurisdiction
 be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions
hereof
 and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision
in any other jurisdiction.

. This Amendment and the other Loan Documents represent the entire agreement of the Loan Parties
 the
Agent and the Lenders with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof
 and there are no promises
 undertakings
 representations
or warranties by the Agent or any Lender relative to subject matter hereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in
the other Loan Documents.

AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE
GOVERNED BY

 THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

. The representations and warranties contained in Section 3 of this Amendment shall survive the execution
and delivery of this Amendment and the Second Amendment Effective Date.



    
    


. Except as expressly modified hereby
 the Credit Agreement and each
other Loan Document are each hereby ratified and confirmed by the parties hereto and remain in full force and effect in accordance
with the respective terms thereof. Other than as otherwise expressly provided herein
 this Amendment shall not be deemed to operate
as an amendment or waiver of
 or to prejudice
 any right
 power
 privilege or remedy of any Lender
 the Agent or any other Indemnitee
under the Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents
 nor shall the entering into of this Amendment preclude any such
Person from refusing to enter into any further amendments with respect to the Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents.
Other than as to otherwise expressly provided herein
 this Amendment shall not constitute a waiver of compliance with any covenant
or other provision in the Agreement or any other Loan Document or of the occurrence or continuance of any present or future Default
or Event of Default.

. Subject to and in accordance with Section 9.5 of the Credit Agreement
 regardless of whether the
transactions contemplated by this Amendment are consummated
 Borrower agrees to pay on demand all reasonable out-of-pocket costs
and expenses of the Agent and each Lender incurred in connection with the development
 preparation
 execution and delivery of this
Amendment
 including the reasonable fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel and consultants to the Agent.

. The section headings contained in this Amendment are inserted for convenience only and will not affect
in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Amendment.

. This Amendment may not be amended or modified except in the manner specified for an amendment of or modification
to the Credit Agreement in Section 9.1 of the Credit Agreement.








    
    



 the parties hereto have caused this Amendment
to be duly executed under seal and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers on the date first written above.

BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



/ Kenneth
DeCubellis




















Second Lien Credit Agreement


    
    


CHAMBERS ENERGY MANAGEMENT
 LP

as the Agent

/
J. Robert
Chambers


CHAMBERS ENERGY CAPITAL II
 LP

as a Lender


 LLC
 its general partner


/ J.
Robert Chambers
J. Robert
Chambers



CHAMBERS ENERGY CAPITAL II TE
 LP

as a Lender


 LLC
 its general partner


/ J.
Robert Chambers

J. Robert Chambers

Managing Director








Second Lien Credit Agreement



    














     



















CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT PETROLEUM ENGINEERS AND GEOLOGISTS


Annual Report on Form 10-K of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. for the year ended December 31
 2013
 of our report dated March 10
2014
 with respect to estimates of reserves and future net revenue of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 as of December 31
 2013
and to all references to our firm included in this Annual Report.

NETHERLAND
 SEWELL &amp; ASSOCIATES
INC.


/s/ C.H. (Scott) Rees
III

P.E.




 Texas

 2014





        you are viewing is provided by Netherland
 Sewell &amp; Associates
 Inc. (NSAI) as a convenience to our clients. The digital document
        is intended to be substantively the same as the original signed document maintained by NSAI. The digital document is subject to
        the parameters
 limitations
 and conditions stated in the original document. In the event of any differences between the digital
        document and the original document
 the original document shall control and supersede the digital document.
















     








 Kenneth DeCubellis
 certify that:


I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.;


Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this
report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting.


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on Black Ridge Oil
&amp; Gas&rsquo;s most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the small business issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.

March 27
 2014




 Chief Executive Officer














     








 James Moe
 certify that:


I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.;


Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this
report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting.


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on Black Ridge Oil
&amp; Gas&rsquo;s most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the small business issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.

March 27
 2014




 Chief Financial Officer














     










2002


the Annual Report of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31
2013 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Kenneth DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 USC Section
1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to the best of my knowledge and belief:


The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section




The information contained in the Report fairly presents
in all material respects





 2014




 Chief Executive
Officer



accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not
 except to the extent required by
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as amended.













     










2002


the Annual Report of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31
2013 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) I
 James Moe
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to the best of my knowledge and belief:


The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section




The information contained in the Report fairly presents
in all material respects





 2014




 Chief Financial Officer



accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not
 except to the extent required by
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as amended.











begin 644 logo.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!




[I.7E@C(%38T^M=_2KW5
:O

M\;XZ84E9S28_UQ;NTM#5I/6

1N2-A3JTJ43JVF+FAR5I@+F
MU8E7)!&8/2J3P`,'?!^.WZ3_M/-I?WWJ;^5O/1QKML&@+@X$IY/J[MI&T)


[@;%\<<\39

L@
OC
(GSE5DO?&!Q;8W8S.







MS7U



M\(`MR-.V@)P8L
4Y4ZYG5EISIGZH3DO-PJX?MC8\1=4NML.A+;#Y9/ARLL6`



I4SF3
L:8FF1S9:U-;$LF+ZW-:5&[RE6
MR
9*=E9E






MBEN\9

X8@@*`(T6,C$`L`PY
M%G``A#C&





F7)5!


M@P7`LYN.5D)_71[3)TZ')(^[JU3

MJ4%U/P+N2Y6R![$$P8!C;E17A*%UQ]$KK=OW6)26&K1:D2.D6&FX^RI[$L59

2$Y
XX?DR\L)^^...

M4FA3S(71&[G0D




8J








M
(2B@B



MF08Q('R

I=H1PH\`SC#$#17,L/28P-W-\SFMK9?:?





4+P_`)
&B2V/4K@[(G=
MC5*


MM5-QR$SH$=0RKM_.G30RJ.R%MS;]#US!Z3O6Y5D_:.RR`QU%%V^2J&_(\*
M/8%@M3.GE+(Y%EY0#-6N+.`[U[*X)R)L^!J6Z:-ZNO&WL5WK7U-&C=G(96S_

*0J)-Q;<TMB0OO$8:/&
C4N#FO/$

K\B%Z
6JU#LQ+S!2]<!QQQP-)
M^I7^3FW[_,KVF_B.G7*9[0;;=UT0W!HG;ECA3?8KM1TL4RI%75Y4Q]ND)JF




SPIG-F=DRMN7D!/)*.




7/HY\ZO^M%7^;G
M?\




LMX)IUDE3M(7!&(6


MK[[73#3/I
;=7)7+JJ8K(6Q%@JN/B`T2=Q8GRXIC'ZV52)K5@S@:-XC,=D;
MY(V96#O&G=FE$8''BQC.)C.0F=HEUGEVU?1_V^KVOFM6]SJ+1J*W)&F92-2




M






3B[
E
M-

#0^F-J


MN3N]+WLZO1TV+Z=NF%[7'J&9+[4MG7:LIW8$HQL!L_'\/TJD


M
'O5@Q6-P.-PYF9X'

MITK]8=B:/VAUEIF9TA:E%3!QEC(I8KEM2;LDG+=87*86LCTK9[?E=C%99QIY






M&_KEK$8



MWUZ=`ZFI3\+5I_&,WR\C#X1\D/_`%Y[_CI?[^69W'`K


[



D3GD]5O''`XINUC=+J^=WIAJA96GVKEGW-=D:
M89O$+-E$)214J


CFX

9&%.5[-YD';/[S:AUBXHMLHZWK`C;5#NU


$

M5



RJ%^ET:


MRFK&%(I:W0X%:KY




MJ=

::=Y)9EI

M!`(8
&EYSX#
!&
5*AX/)+5$(T835
M@)Z^.!4S:E=/;M-VB7VY_H1M?MGJ,_5[`^W7V0
J@?VD^RWM?[/^O\`;3PZ
M]WLOV\[^G]/Y'?Z\[S/

MY$*49R+.

MD9DWG5L6HBO+8.2
:4W(Q







6

:`(F%)&G#8)VR#2
M9E)K*!D[/26)

M40G(P')8;
+C@5H\CJ'MD6Z:-5!IRX[-PV
/H




M99QP''''`K^.U
=.3J#[][]UO+]6--[DL^OJGUPB58.-@MF(6GC
CDA\TGE@

M

MARM2J:8N=&!F0A(Z$&J%2UT0(L$/@BE)2YQ*&G4ICC.P#C@..85OZX72C*]4




*7JI?*36?ZM.!*EQR*WWFL_P#A2]5+Y2:S


BS@LI1KT




\*']!EN&8`#AA2@+RB&,(%6AQC
M/[=B[@0Z\Z^7K?KI'WB6-M'TY9MON$5CV`Y?Y*AK6%/<S5Q]D\01A]KO)#*8
MW-OB`(.%BDGQ!SCOQGB;DA5X:.5/TH]GW2Y-*K3B$DNP9)J]7\?<F^M9-4E

M:$[JY%MQ!H$F%ZS)65!F2N!YN7S*(5]&W:8SR4QR$Q%A2C7/DIEKVVQR.LR(


AL\-:\#%XQ.),8>7,U$`P?>`L:D!8!BQD(,YSC..16=1!17JOJ*=.*
M-;>EL`M)'6.;!*60BQ,),TF\;O(


$LBTJSIR*KIU;=APBKX4V+`X2


MH7AU&V2.19:DA)#:\'X6.H=C=?=@4*ASHF\:CN5`C\7K%=76+$9X2C\`BP



+XGPB-PW8
M.13X\!QSQ]A2Q3`X)


R5V?V5O/7GD%JW-$0(:@N-WWFL_^%+U4OE)K/\`5IP)4N.16^\U











#C@:

M4%@
)4ICRS`YQG'?D(A8SO1QQP/U'D$J23DRDDI0G4%&$'D'E@-)/)-!DLTD
MXHS`@&%&`$(!A8PB`
`LA%C.
YQS4N*:`Z

ML$C;)#X9$69OCT6BL;;4C-'XZPM*8M&ULS*THB$3:V-Z0HI,B1)2DZ8@L!


M!W-S($

M/2K$YR520/O\!R=06(DXH7AS@7A
+&(`N[.

M;5?#H[`(!$T0FV

M9%GGQ5C4U9TM%\0BI8)%ZYAX79Y?01F'LZ-B8RWF1.!SL_.9;:@+)2EK7EU4


$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!#`0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#V:BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***2@!:*JS:A;0\%]Q]%YJJVIW$QQ;0'ZXS3L

M`Q6S2T7`Q?LVHOU



35[:662)8R
MC[0%.<\9K5K*47%\K.FG4C4BIQV845CZQXCMM+S$F)KC^X#POU-8W_;7/\`

@^BBBLS<***BGN8+6













M65MSN2S

?[J]S


^M5YO&$4Q
6D

MBJ


J)I=W)(X1

$?A0L/%U'.6I3Q=14%2AI;=EGS&=^[
Q^I)KIM&\(SW.V?4
M=T


M****!F3X@UR/1;0

G76K77D6RCCEW;[J#WK





8]*9/X=TFX4AK






4XVNKDRORNQXL+DGDGD\UTG@(^?XJ
MB/7RXG;]

MLUJ]-TY)



MCT
?A75

M-+H

M[RTG^RW3_?R



MTR;2%S_M#J/Y5
UWX\E&U=

MKNM$TM-'TJ*S4AF7YI&'\3'J:XZ#P?XD\/:D9]O8)HV&)OER/1AC]17:Z;
M-?RV_P#Q



M!?5U3FO4\1U&UN]*O'M+V(QRK^3#U![BIM'\0WFB7?GVKY4_ZR)C\KCW_P`:
M]4UW0++7[(V]TN''

CUQBN^GB:=2-IZ

F
AUS5H0C*T'<[
M*$ZDXWJ1LSQ779\:_J(STN9/_0C5'[1[UU6J_#_7;S5[RZB:U\N:=Y$W2'.






H93
M7EW_``K;Q!_?L_\`OZ?\*Z_P7H^MZ%#-9Z@T#VI.^(QN24;N.G0]:
6Z4US1

P_I6JP]%._M#%XG$-6]D5-8N=/;59SI8





MD\^[?\`Y:3'Z9K?@=`*6BX6.?\F[D_@F;ZYIRZ==-_RRQ]2*WJ*+A8QETF




 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 ALIGN=CENTER STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<P STYLE=font: italic 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: italic 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times



<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 ALIGN=CENTER STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times



<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 ALIGN=CENTER STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times



<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 ALIGN=CENTER STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times



<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 ALIGN=CENTER STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times

        <P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 STYLE=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=color: lime; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BL_6]:L


R02/Y#\.X8J
8[A&_*NCT#Q#IOB?2DU/2

R6
MENUS

$9Z'K4V
M@_$;PQXDO9;+3=1+7449E

L3QL5'4@
!F@#JJ*R?#GB33/%6DKJFD3M-:
[

`G%`'0T5AWGBW1;#



M`\9)`8%01V-`'645RMG\1/#=\=)$-[)G5I9(;/=`Z[WC(#`Y''WAUZYJO_PM




%4H&Q_TT]J;<:?\18-&CMH'N)+JSM;F%F-R&^U[VC\M@_&'4%R0/N$=Z`
M/6
:,UY`?F





4I01
M

MH&[=DGCF@#TFBO*+S5/&EI`ESH\6LWUM!



``-C..2



MNDU*W7;Y8)'#@Y^7.





N
DKM'W




WF
M;<RLAP<\#OQCVK6@U73KJ80V^H6LTIY1S*Q/X`U%I[Z/9;=(TZ2RA
`(%I`


M)ZT/L%_+-/9F#






MMDKC;R3GC:
#MBIK73;.QEDEMK9(GD4*[*.H#.^/^^I'/_`C0!;HI
T9H`6B

MHZ`X`_.@#6M+ZTOXC+9W4%S&&VEX9`X!]
CO4]
MC

&'!Y89XYX/W

_=SGI7-:=X0BMHM#
EG;^=:2.\[!B2?


JOM^N#QT/Y4D=L]LT$





](M;
MVUFMKB-7#Q3QE'7YVZ@\BO!?BG\
M1T+Q?*^B:7=7.F7N9X1;0
XB)/S(=HX






$%OI^IK;P7
*-JUX^VX4*23*22N`/D/;VH`

X[UO\`P4\3Z9J_




4@
C1X)



M6[KHE$OPU/CL3?V(+(_:?/#8$V./

UG;R3Q_



M:!#IOBCX+:K9Z[8A]7\*07


1;0@S?ZTB


M1TB52/Q`H33;&.\:\2RMENFSF98E#G/^UC-`%+2O$VE:UJNJ:;8W!ENM+D6.

MX=VSPHPJ@=@

MO7OPL;-8'@%K`(7.6C$8VL?4CH:)[&TN;86T]K!+`
8BDC#*
=.#Q0!YMX-\

M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!F^('N(_#


M]_'&B1PB5YI53SI(7)B/[MDD6-BWH
NISTV\]*MP^)=/GOELD\[[2\A1(RG+


2DG;Y1S\Q)(\P8Z
M8.*U[/4?%6I7UF;F2\T[.JR6EQ;QVR











T_QKK$VAS7;_`&-I(+$3
M8=

2SQE!%N&`02`9&^90W\/

M]@\I]S@[&4
.2=K`$?W3Z4`84_C#4XQ$8+:RNI;EF$=HKE)(=LJH5D;)&3NQ

I1@OXD
0/8FJNHZOI6DW?DW$;F::(O*(;=I(@
M26-O+
2

J0#\N/7`/'M0!QEIXSU@VFC2W$
4:W5K
SS2E?+=A)$BN=IRJJ'
M)/2M*7Q?=6WVR&464LEO%(8Y8R52X=60849/]\`@$X/&:ZN$6MS;1R0B&6!T


M*M2


MW(97WHA;S&^8X0D9QCA2#N-=
L^E(EQ
DEFJLJS3.I7!#?=9CW!QP33YGTZ&

MDC]%4=2:IMXDT5+N2T;5+43QVOVQT

M?_=92#_.O`U\#^


Y.!


U:TNX


MUE81QR37
*K$S*H4@$


M=(J*$.B')+;BP[=N:J:]X!UK5/$_B.%+61=/MUGU32Y5XWWLJQ8`^AC;\6

V<O0_#LDLN@VIF745D`*DZDJB<X)Y




MO=7\*:6MI:7

MS+?6Z*Q@+1J%R&R1C_``H`ZF#7M(N='.L0ZG:/IJJ6:Z69?+4#KELX&*BT
#9YSZ

\9EBMF;YW49Y`_`_E7EOB





M6VM_$GAF+0[Z635M:2\M[U%!MQ$6C)+/GY2-AXZ^E=#J-Q?Z)\3KS5UT+5-0




4


MF?7GI5[2M8TW7;!;[2[V&[MF)`DA;<,CJ#Z'V-<QXNTV2[\&:=VF7]V]O)!

M;L@C)Y('-`':4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`4]3TV'5;)K6=I%0NCAHFVLK*P8$'Z@5EOX-TB56
M^T12W$C!\RS2%GW-MRX/9OD3!'3:






MH=?8D]

M_B#=6LGVK1[YC`[6\]MO5+F59DCV(QR0K\A2W..:`.F;P=H[SQS-%*9(V+






M-8Y\5:JT-](MV%EAL_
MX7B1&F;RMV=A)9OF_NG%6[W6O$VF1W$;6HG9;:29

_Q%\[?
M4'GFI+KP1:2QQ):W$EF8DR'CR6:8`!)&)))@']/F-3ZUK8@US3=/AFDCD6
M82W*[#AH/+D);.
=W[O_`+X]^-B?PY'=77FS7
A3[:;O8N5/
M^J\O;D'/OG\*P=4\5ZI'JEQ%IQAGM)9(!:3I710IGW
#@Y5QCT(/6G+XIU

M
;FAZE/?:/I4\\$C2W=JDTDBIM125!P03D9STQ7$:/X@U%;*RDM+R\U&[FLW
M%Y%(/


.@/6K6H^)[H:@S:8BSZ<D)0W*Q&5


MFC*E8U`Z

%M`&DCB1RA9AD=64@`9)P



(Y5@5M2Q0'(YW;

4ZJ)0`4
MVR*00H``[CUJ_)X$C?7H-734G6XCBMXG#6=NX;RLX*[D/ED[CG9CMCH*`)[;


Q_
M\





T:QHRJ&/5]V

M=2QSW5M&L9622

MFPH5;64@G.1GWXH`5O'&GM;6K6EGJ%W=7!F`LH8?WT?E$++O!([20.3R2









MJU^T2P7MHI2UE47*NZ*X;;')D,1MSG.3D8JS+X[T.W5YIYVCLX[F6UDO!Y


M(W@;3/[(O]+C9XK6\OEOBD:(%C961MJC&`N4'YF@!1XXL?[3L-.-CJ`NKN*
M=HC-\2$A2ZYW=0=VT';_%BEG\;6$8V]G?WMRTUQ$MM;0AI#Y#!9&Y(&T$


CT77[G4X;]G%Q-+
T3VL.[
C%B/


J1W=Q:/:17KW4
0*112.45FR0W53D`$C%7E\8Z2]XMF
6(V=@X

@&20*MP^

#:I=-=/+%L#1N0HP
J01\@R&!SD@UF
M:=\.M


M+Z
I(/K61:^#Y;?2[FQ?Q%J\ZR01V\#R-%FWC3I@!`K$]&+`[@
&KGA?PU;^



M5`DD)!5V7&




MBBB@`K(O];-AJMK8?V?=S/=$B*2

F\R2$[?WK94Y88[

MG#2[6F
RK




@X.#@_6K^G:/!IMEIULDDSBPMEMX

9-`



M/UK'_P$BU+_`*%35O\`OY;_`/QRNAHH`Y[_`(2+4O\`H5-6_P_EO\`_'*/
M^$BU+_H5-6_[^6__`



M-6_[^6__`

MEO\`_'*/^$BU+_H5-6_[^6__`



M^$BU+_H5-6_[^6__`




M*Z&B@#GO^$BU+_H5-6_[^6__`


M;_OY;_\`QRC_`(2+4O\`H5-6_P_EO\`_'*Z&B@#GO\`A(M2_PA4U;_`+^6


M^_EO_P#'*Z&B@#GO^$BU+_H5-6_[^6__`


M2+4O^A4U;_OY;_\`QRC_`(2+4O\`H5-6_P_EO\`_'*Z&B@#GO\`A(M2_PA


MM2_Z%35O^_EO_P#'*Z&B@#GO^$BU+_H5-6_[^6__`




M`/QRC_A(M2_Z%35O^_EO_P#'*Z&B@#GO^$BU+_H5-6_[^6__`

M^6__`


M5O\`OY;_`/QRC_A(M2_Z%35O^_EO_P#'*Z&B@#GO^$BU+_H5-6_[^6__`

M_P$BU+_`*%35O\`OY;_`/QRNAHH`Y[_`(2+4O\`H5-6_P_EO\`_'*/^$BU
M+_H5-6_[^6__`

[2]0N;_`
W[1I-W8;
;?M#1G?G/38S=
=_6M&BB
$@#__V3\_
`
end








begin 644 nsai_logo.jpg

#`P
!PD.#PT
#@L
#`S_

#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
M#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P







M^#E+PE_P2^\0R?#CP%I&G_$+XQ+&LE]:74KII?AI'0/&;IDPTLK!E(@C92%.




M?\0S7.FV]_Y=HTGDVD869&52SQ7+'&#A$[-7Z:?L)_LL:;^P]^QO\./A1IK0
?#/XV^(=(UK55T1-<\-S0:9!I[@0RB
M.ZAQBJY*S1.
\@1/C(SC^;!;25[5YQ'(88W6-Y`IVJS!BH)Z`D*V!WVGTKW
M;_@F!^UQ-^PK^W_\*OBFDLL5EX7UZ!M4$9PTNG39@O$'NUM+*!GN10!_65_P

MII!R.

SQ-%:02R#
MRY`
PC*L
J?*_P#@R&_Y-9^.'_8U6/\`Z2&OT@^.G_!-#3OCC_P4S^#O[2%U



-*\6?#^&/2[-?[
N+C1K:YE=G\KSGD$[R[




M)[?35OC=M'%)'Y)5I$V@^9G=D].E`'Q1\)?^]^N?MK_`/!?WX&?#7X2^)_$
MFG_`CQ)X7OQXBT#6_]O8W%]JD%CK-SYJRS1&Z5`(;''ERJA
3#'+[ODSXN_





@A-W*JL0







M0


MN




9]CF:<R!D
8-N
;&XMEYYXY[]K?_@@G



MZ;I%[JMDTU^R0R::\4L-L52.%
Q@


M`







%)Y`E?'WC
M5*@#]





M#&H9V13]L^_^
7@'X$_!/Q]\'9_#?[4/BO3?'-SX!G\0^)[/PO]AV27-Q?

MA-JGB[4OAYX:37/$6F:E$K+:2(I5FA5!(2&!0.'E4L2%%`'W]_P3\_X*(^!?

M;FRLI]S7DTD=NC
L1MXI(=QXW7#OB@#=_X)F?\`!=/X(_\`!5SX@^(O_PU


MA#
C*I8C%?GY^PE^P/\`M4_\$L?^IG[,?B?Q7\)-.OO&I^'S\/=;NOAIIV
MHZM;VEFYVF]UF0*ZP3XN8)GD^6)EM7VJ-C&N3_X*1_#/XJ:!^VG\:M7\_L


M:@$7
&`SAF
F%#$'$G[&/_!:OX'_`+:_P'^)/Q`TF]\0^#-/^#PD?QKIWBS3

M5G&2P$(9W






$UOV`?V:O!/PF\

M_PZ7P?^-7[!GB7]H3PMH7Q+UOPIX2UU?#NHZ-9Z$DVOQ79:W&!:K


MY0?:Y$N&

LK

M\1WS
D+-&UL\J(DB&X@1D
F=\JJ-QK\5/V@_V/O%^B_\%6/VH/$GC;]G']L[
MQ=X9\3^
KRY\/:C\+]-OM.@NXS=3

K(4*''WCDYK[+_PL'@6
M^^(_[`O[))O/V4/C7XZ\'^'-

MG+8ZKI


GQ)\-_\`!6#_`(*+^(]1^'OCBP\/

;`):3







M[=^Q%_P3O^+'_!0GX@/H7PU\

M8`[58\5_9@W_``3\^`KZG]M/P1^$1O-_F?:#X.T[S=W][=Y.

M*SMKB2*[6,QBZC5B%DGE0P`.#R

_CG6
MHK:\6+S386HS)


1?*8_-;[.0L

MU?Z


]-QQUJQ??!_PE

MINC^%]-\.RW#Z?IUC8O=E6G:WMUB
Q50JEBH&[@`9Z``50\6?[PSX]NHI]




MOP@_\*6V_P#BJ]M_X9R^'O\`T(?@S_P26W_Q%'_#.7P]_PA#\&?^2V_P#B

M_0A^#/\`P26W_P`10!XE_P`/K?V1_P#HXWX0?^%+;?\`Q5'_``^M_9'_`.CC
M?A!_X4MM_P#%5[;_`


_\$EM

Y?

&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Effective April 2, 2012, Ante5, Inc. changed&#13;its corporate name to Black Ridge Oil &amp;#38; Gas, Inc., and continues to trade its common stock on the OTCQB under the&#13;trading symbol &amp;#147;ANFC&amp;#148;. Black Ridge Oil &amp;#38; Gas, Inc. (Formerly Ante5, Inc.) (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) became an&#13;independent company in April 2010 when the spin-off from our former parent company, Ante4, Inc. (now Emerald Oil, Inc. and also&#13;formerly known as Voyager Oil &amp;#38; Gas, Inc.), became effective. We became a publicly traded company when our shares began trading&#13;on July 1, 2010. Since October 2010, we have been engaged in the business of acquiring oil and gas leases and participating in&#13;the drilling of wells in the Bakken and Three Forks trends in North Dakota and Montana. Our strategy is to participate in the exploration,&#13;development and production of oil and gas reserves as a non-operating working interest owner in a growing, diversified portfolio&#13;of oil and gas wells. We aggressively seek to accumulate mineral leases to position us to participate in the drilling of new wells&#13;on a continuous basis. Occasionally we also purchase working interests in producing wells.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s focus is the acquisition,&#13;exploration, development and production of crude oil and natural gas properties, primarily in the Bakken and Three Forks trends&#13;in North Dakota and Montana. We believe that our prospective success revolves around our ability to acquire mineral rights and&#13;participate in drilling activities by virtue of our ownership of such rights and through the relationships we have developed with&#13;our operating partners.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basis of Accounting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Our  financial statements are prepared&#13;using the accrual method of accounting as generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) and the rules of the Securities&#13;and Exchange Commission (SEC).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;FASB ASC 280-10-50 requires annual and interim&#13;reporting for an enterprise&amp;#146;s operating segments and related disclosures about its products, services, geographic areas and&#13;major customers. An operating segment is defined as a component of an enterprise that engages in business activities from which&#13;it may earn revenues and expenses, and about which separate financial information is regularly evaluated by the chief operating&#13;decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources. The Company operates as a single segment and will evaluate additional segment&#13;disclosure requirements as it expands its operations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Reclassifications&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In the current year, the&#13;Company separately classified advances to operators from prepaid expenses in the Balance Sheet and classified advances to&#13;operators as an investing activity on the Statement of Cash Flows. For comparative purposes, amounts in prior periods have been&#13;reclassified to conform to current year presentation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.15in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -0.15in&gt;&lt;u&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity&#13;with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts&#13;of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported&#13;amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The oil and gas industry is subject, by its&#13;nature, to environmental hazards and clean-up costs. At this time, management knows of no substantial losses from environmental&#13;accidents or events for which the Company may be currently liable.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.15in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -0.15in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.15in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -0.15in&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash and&#13;Cash Equivalents&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Cash equivalents include money market accounts&#13;which have maturities of three months or less. For the purpose of the statements of cash flows, all highly liquid investments with&#13;an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are stated at cost plus accrued&#13;interest, which approximates market value. Cash and cash equivalents consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,112,356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;513,788&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Money market funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;37,991&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;903,552&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,150,347&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,417,340&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash in Excess of FDIC and SIPC Insured Limits&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company maintains its cash in bank deposit&#13;accounts which, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation&#13;(FDIC) and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) up to $250,000 and $500,000, respectively, under current regulations.&#13;The Company had approximately $862,356 and $917,340 in excess of FDIC and SIPC insured limits at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.&#13;The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Debt Issuance Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Costs relating to obtaining certain debts are&#13;capitalized and amortized over the term of the related debt using the straight-line method, which approximates the effective interest&#13;method. The Company paid $865,101 and $796,233 of debt issuance costs during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively,&#13;of which the unamortized balance of debt issuance costs at December 31, 2013 and 2012 was $772,883 and $657,702, respectively.&#13;Amortization of debt issuance costs charged to interest expense was $749,920 and $190,580 for the years ended December 31, 2013&#13;and 2012, respectively. When a loan is paid in full, any unamortized financing costs are removed from the related accounts and&#13;charged to interest expense.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Website Development Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company accounts for website development&#13;costs in accordance with ASC 350-50, &amp;#147;Accounting for Website Development Costs&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASC 350-50&amp;#148;), wherein&#13;website development costs are segregated into three activities:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Initial stage (planning), whereby the related costs are expensed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Development (web application, infrastructure, graphics), whereby the related costs are capitalized and amortized once the website is ready for use. Costs for development content of the website may be expensed or capitalized depending on the circumstances of the expenditures.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Post-implementation (after site is up and running: security, training, admin), whereby the related costs are expensed as incurred. Upgrades are usually expensed, unless they add additional functionality.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We have capitalized a total of $56,660 of website&#13;development costs from inception through December 31, 2013. We have recognized depreciation expense on these website costs of $18,887&#13;and $18,630 for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company recognizes deferred tax assets and&#13;liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted tax&#13;rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be recovered. The Company provides a valuation&#13;allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to be more likely than not.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Under FASB ASC 820-10-05, the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles and expands disclosures&#13;about fair value measurements. This Statement reaffirms that fair value is the relevant measurement attribute. The adoption of&#13;this standard did not have a material effect on the Company&amp;#146;s financial statements as reflected herein. The carrying amounts&#13;of cash, accounts payable and accrued expenses reported on the balance sheets are estimated by management to approximate fair value&#13;primarily due to the short term nature of the instruments. The Company had no items that required fair value measurement on a recurring&#13;basis.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Non-Oil &amp;#38; Gas Property and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property and equipment that are not oil and&#13;gas properties are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of three to&#13;seven years. Expenditures for replacements, renewals, and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations&#13;as incurred. Long-lived assets, other than oil and gas properties, are evaluated for impairment to determine if current circumstances&#13;and market conditions indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company has not recognized any impairment losses&#13;on non-oil and gas long-lived assets. Depreciation expense was $24,001 and $24,206 for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012,&#13;respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition and Gas Balancing&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company recognizes oil and gas revenues&#13;from its interests in producing wells when production is delivered to, and title has transferred to, the purchaser and to the extent&#13;the selling price is reasonably determinable. The Company uses the sales method of accounting for gas balancing of gas production&#13;and would recognize a liability if the existing proven reserves were not adequate to cover the current imbalance situation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Asset Retirement Obligations&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company records the fair value of a liability&#13;for an asset retirement obligation in the period in which the well is spud or the asset is acquired and a corresponding increase&#13;in the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. The liability is accreted to its present value each period, and the capitalized&#13;cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled for an amount other than the recorded&#13;amount, a gain or loss is recognized.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.15in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -0.15in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Full Cost Method&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company follows the full cost method of&#13;accounting for oil and gas operations whereby all costs related to the exploration and development of oil and gas properties are&#13;initially capitalized into a single cost center (&amp;#34;full cost pool&amp;#34;). Such costs include land acquisition costs, geological&#13;and geophysical expenses, carrying charges on non-producing properties, costs of drilling directly related to acquisition, and&#13;exploration activities. Internal costs that are capitalized are directly attributable to acquisition, exploration and development&#13;activities and do not include costs related to the production, general corporate overhead or similar activities. Costs associated&#13;with production and general corporate activities are expensed in the period incurred. Capitalized costs are summarized as follows&#13;for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Years Ended December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized Certain Payroll and Other Internal Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;137,509&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;172,503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized Interest Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-indent: 12.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;137,509&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;172,503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Proceeds from property sales will generally&#13;be credited to the full cost pool, with no gain or loss recognized, unless such a sale would significantly alter the relationship&#13;between capitalized costs and the proved reserves attributable to these costs. A significant alteration would typically involve&#13;a sale of 20% or more of the proved reserves related to a single full cost pool. During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company&#13;sold approximately 189 net acres for total proceeds of $608,387. During the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company sold approximately&#13;509 net acres for total proceeds of $1,893,649. The Company assesses all items classified as unevaluated property on a quarterly&#13;basis for possible impairment or reduction in value. The assessment includes consideration of the following factors, among others:&#13;intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological and geophysical evaluations; drilling results and activity; the assignment of&#13;proved reserves; and the economic viability of development if proved reserves are assigned. During any period in which these factors&#13;indicate an impairment, the cumulative drilling costs incurred to date for such property and all or a portion of the associated&#13;leasehold costs are transferred to the full cost pool and are then subject to amortization.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Capitalized costs associated with impaired properties&#13;and properties having proved reserves, estimated future development costs, and asset retirement costs under FASB ASC 410-20-25&#13;are depleted and amortized on the unit-of-production method based on the estimated gross proved reserves as determined by independent&#13;petroleum engineers. The costs of unproved properties are withheld from the depletion base until such time as they are either developed&#13;or abandoned.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Capitalized costs of oil and gas properties&#13;(net of related deferred income taxes) may not exceed an amount equal to the present value, discounted at 10% per annum, of the&#13;estimated future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves plus the cost of unproved properties (adjusted for related income&#13;tax effects). Should capitalized costs exceed this ceiling, impairment is recognized. The present value of estimated future net&#13;cash flows is computed by applying the arithmetic average first day price of oil and natural gas for the preceding twelve months&#13;to estimated future production of proved oil and gas reserves as of the end of the period, less estimated future expenditures to&#13;be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves and assuming continuation of existing economic conditions. Such present&#13;value of proved reserves' future net cash flows excludes future cash outflows associated with settling asset retirement obligations.&#13;Should this comparison indicate an excess carrying value, the excess is charged to earnings as an impairment expense. We recognized&#13;no impairment costs during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Concentrations&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Our revenue is solely derived from oil and gas&#13;sales to various purchasers, the market for which has very inelastic demand. Due to this, we do not consider any purchasers to&#13;represent a material concentration to our sales for the years ended December 31, 2013 or 2012, as we believe any of our customers&#13;could easily be replaced.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Since we do not operate any of our wells, we&#13;depend on our drilling partner operators to perform the drilling and other operating activities required for all sales of oil and&#13;gas. These operators are also responsible for remitting to us our revenue proceeds and billing us for drilling costs and lease&#13;operating expenses incurred. We had material concentrations of accounts receivable owed from four (4) and two (2) operators during&#13;the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, representing 60% and 44% of total oil and gas revenues and 41% and 28%&#13;of total oil and gas accounts receivable as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, we had&#13;153 and 66 gross producing wells, respectively, and 4.87 and 2.30 net producing wells, respectively. As of December 31, 2013 and&#13;2012, these four (4) and two (2) operating partners operated 31% and 38% of these gross producing wells, respectively, and 37%&#13;and 38% of these net producing wells, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Basic and Diluted Loss Per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Basic earnings per share (&amp;#147;EPS&amp;#148;)&#13;are computed by dividing net income (the numerator) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period&#13;(the denominator). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares and potential&#13;common shares outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. Potential common shares include stock options, warrants and restricted&#13;stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options, warrants and restricted stock is computed using&#13;the treasury stock method.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The reconciliation of the denominators used&#13;to calculate basic EPS and diluted EPS for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Years Ended December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding &amp;#150; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;47,979,990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;47,789,225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Plus: Potentially dilutive common shares:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Stock options and warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;272,014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding &amp;#150; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;47,979,990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;48,061,239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Stock options and warrants excluded from the&#13;calculation of diluted EPS because their effect was anti-dilutive were 16,103,209 and 7,513,709 as of December 31, 2013 and 2012,&#13;respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company adopted FASB guidance on stock based&#13;compensation upon inception at April 9, 2010. Under FASB ASC 718-10-30-2, all share-based payments to employees, including grants&#13;of employee stock options, are to be recognized in the income statement based on their fair values. Pro forma disclosure is no&#13;longer an alternative. Amortization of the fair values of common stock and stock options issued for services and compensation totaled&#13;$643,817 and $1,288,448 for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, including $-0- and $438,539, respectively,&#13;of common stock valued at the fair market value based on the Company&amp;#146;s closing trading price on the date of grant. The fair&#13;values of stock options were determined using the Black-Scholes options pricing model and an effective term of 6 to 6.5 years based&#13;on the weighted average of the vesting periods and the stated term of the option grants and the discount rate on 5 to 7 year U.S.&#13;Treasury securities at the grant date and are being amortized over the related implied service term, or vesting period.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Uncertain Tax Positions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Effective upon inception at April 9, 2010, the&#13;Company adopted new standards for accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. These standards prescribe a recognition threshold&#13;and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken&#13;in a tax return. These standards also provide guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in&#13;interim periods, disclosure, and transition.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Various taxing authorities can periodically&#13;audit the Company&amp;#146;s income tax returns. These audits include questions regarding the Company&amp;#146;s tax filing positions,&#13;including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions. In evaluating the exposures&#13;connected with these various tax filing positions, including state and local taxes, the Company records allowances for probable&#13;exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter, for which an allowance has been established, is audited and&#13;fully resolved. The Company has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The assessment of the Company&amp;#146;s tax position&#13;relies on the judgment of management to estimate the exposures associated with the Company&amp;#146;s various filing positions.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recently Adopted&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Balance Sheet Offsetting&lt;/i&gt; &amp;#151; In December&#13;2011, the FASB issued Balance Sheet (Topic 210) &amp;#151; Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities (ASU 2011-11), which&#13;requires disclosures regarding netting arrangements in agreements underlying derivatives, certain financial instruments and related&#13;collateral amounts, and the extent to which an entity&amp;#146;s financial statement presentation policies related to netting arrangements&#13;impact amounts recorded to the financial statements. These disclosure requirements do not affect the presentation of amounts in&#13;the balance sheets, and are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2013, and interim periods within&#13;those annual reporting periods. We implemented the disclosure guidance effective January 1, 2013 and the implementation did not&#13;have a material effect on our financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Various accounting standards and interpretations&#13;were issued in 2013 with effective dates subsequent to December 31, 2013. We have evaluated the recently issued accounting pronouncements&#13;that are effective in 2014 and believe that none of them will have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations&#13;or cash flows when adopted.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the years ended December 31, 2013 and&#13;2012, we granted various awards to our Officers and Directors as compensation for their services. These related party grants are&#13;fully disclosed in Note 12 below.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Former Financing Arrangement&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On May 2, 2011, we entered into a Revolving&#13;Credit and Security Agreement (the &amp;#147;PrenAnte5 Credit Agreement&amp;#148;) with certain lenders (collectively, the &amp;#147;Lenders&amp;#148;&#13;and individually a &amp;#147;Lender&amp;#148;) and Prenante5, LLC, as agent for the Lenders (PrenAnte5, LLC, in such capacity, the &amp;#147;Agent&amp;#148;).&#13;The facility provided $10 million in financing to be made available for drilling projects on the Company&amp;#146;s North Dakota Bakken&#13;and Three Forks position. The Company drew $2,000,000 utilizing the PrenAnte5 Credit Agreement in February of 2012 and subsequently&#13;paid in full and terminated the agreement in April of 2012.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Morris Goldfarb, one of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;former directors, participated as a Lender through the Agent with a commitment amount of $1.5 million in the facility. In consideration&#13;for his participation through the agent, Mr. Goldfarb was issued 75,000 warrants (his pro-rata share as a Lender) with the same&#13;terms and conditions as the other warrants issued in connection with the closing of the PrenAnte5 Credit Agreement. The warrants&#13;vested on the May 2, 2012, the one year anniversary of the grant and are exercisable until May 1, 2016 at an exercise price of&#13;$0.95 per share. The total estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of 97% and a call&#13;option value of $0.7837, was $58,781, and was amortized over the three year life of the credit agreement and the amortization was&#13;accelerated in 2012 to fully amortize the remaining unamortized value upon termination of the agreement. The Company recognized&#13;compensation expense of $-0- and $45,719 during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Other Related Party Transactions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;A former officer of the Company, Steve Lipscomb,&#13;received a commission of 5% of a royalty stream from Peerless Media Ltd., recorded on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2011&#13;as a contingent consideration receivable, as a result of an incentive arrangement with Mr. Lipscomb that was approved by Ante4&amp;#146;s&#13;Board of Directors in February 2009. Mr. Lipscomb has received a total of $-0- and $26,468 during the years ended December 31,&#13;2013 and 2012, respectively, of which $19,071 in royalties were received by Mr. Lipscomb while an officer of the Company in 2012.&#13;As a result of the settlement of litigation related to the same agreement, Mr. Lipscomb was due 5% of the settlement payments from&#13;the litigation settlement amounting to approximately $548,827 of which $432,593 was paid in 2012 and the remaining $116,234 was&#13;paid by the Company of the final settlement payment from Peerless Media, Ltd. Mr. Lipscomb received an additional $19,477 in 2013&#13;for his 5% share in additional settlement payments received by the Company in 2013.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has asset retirement obligations&#13;associated with the future plugging and abandonment of proved properties and related facilities. Under the provisions of FASB ASC&#13;410-20-25, the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation is recorded in the period in which it is incurred and&#13;a corresponding increase in the carrying amount of the related long lived asset. The liability is accreted to its present value&#13;each period, and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled for&#13;an amount other than the recorded amount, a gain or loss is recognized. The Company has no assets that are legally restricted for&#13;purposes of settling asset retirement obligations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following table summarizes the Company&amp;#146;s asset retirement&#13;obligation transactions recorded in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC 410-20-25 during the years ended December 31, 2013&#13;and 2012:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Peerless Settlement&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As a result of a transaction between Ante4,&#13;Inc. (&amp;#147;Ante4&amp;#148;) and Peerless Media Ltd. (&amp;#147;Peerless&amp;#148;) during fiscal year 2009, pursuant to which, Ante4 sold&#13;substantially all of its operating assets (the &amp;#147;Transaction&amp;#148;) and a spin-off on April 16, 2010 to Ante5, Inc., now&#13;Black Ridge Oil &amp;#38; Gas, Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;), the Company was entitled to receive, in perpetuity, 5% of gross gaming&#13;revenue and 5% of other revenue of Peerless generated by Ante4&amp;#146;s former business and assets that were sold to Peerless in&#13;the Transaction, subject to a 5% commission presented as Royalties Payable on the balance sheet. Peerless had guaranteed a minimum&#13;payment to the Company of $3 million for such revenue over the three-year period following the closing of the Transaction on November&#13;2, 2009. The Company prepared a discounted cash flow model to determine an estimated fair value of this portion of the purchase&#13;price as of November 2, 2009. This value was recorded on the balance sheet of Ante4. In connection with the spin-off described&#13;above, on April 16, 2010 Ante4 distributed this asset to its wholly-owned subsidiary, Ante5, Inc., which was spun-off and a registration&#13;statement was filed on Form 10-12/A, along with an Information Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the purpose&#13;of spinning off the Ante5 shares from Ante4, Inc. to its stockholders of record on April 15, 2010. The following is a summary of&#13;the contingency consideration receivable and related royalties payable through December 31, 2012:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Contingent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net Contingent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Royalties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 65%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance spun-off, April 16, 2010:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 10%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7,532,985&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 10%; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(415,000)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 10%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7,117,985&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net royalties received and commissions paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(182,335)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11,343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(170,992)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Fair value adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(878,650)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;80,057&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(798,593)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance, December 31, 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6,472,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(323,600)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6,148,400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net royalties received and commissions paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(463,398)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;23,169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(440,229)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance, December 31, 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6,008,602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(300,431)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5,708,171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net royalties received and commissions paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(529,361)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;26,468&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(502,893)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Elimination of the contingent receivable due to settlement agreement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(5,479,241)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;273,963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(5,205,278)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance, December 31, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1.5pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1.5pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On September 27, 2012, the Company entered into&#13;a settlement agreement with Peerless and ElectraWorks, Ltd. (&amp;#147;ElectraWorks&amp;#148;) to settle all claims regarding Peerless&amp;#146;s&#13;performance of obligations with respect to the business purchased by Peerless from Ante4, Inc. in November 2009 (the &amp;#34;Litigation&amp;#34;).&#13;The Litigation was pending before Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services (JAMS) in Los Angeles, California. Under the settlement&#13;agreement, Peerless/ElectraWorks will pay the Company $13.5 million, of which $11,000,000 was received by the Company in 2012 and&#13;the remaining $2.5 million was received in 2013. In addition, Peerless/ElectraWorks will make payments to the Company upon certain&#13;contingencies related to the passage of federal or state legislation permitting real money online poker and Peerless/ElectraWorks&#13;or one of their affiliates obtaining such a license. The maximum amount of these contingent payments is $6.5 million with the amount&#13;determined based on how such legislation is enacted. Under the settlement agreement the Company has released its rights to the&#13;royalty stream and no further payments are due from Peerless/ElectraWorks other than those set forth in the settlement agreement.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company paid attorneys&amp;#146; fees of $2&#13;million, of which $1.84 million was paid in 2012 and $0.16 million was paid in 2013, as well as various costs out of the proceeds.&#13;In addition, as a result of an incentive arrangement with Steve Lipscomb, a former officer of the Company that was approved by&#13;WPT Enterprises, Inc.&amp;#146;s Board of Directors in February 2009, Mr. Lipscomb is receiving 5% of the settlement payments, net&#13;of attorneys&amp;#146; fees and other costs; as such amounts are received by the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The contingent consideration receivable of $5,479,241&#13;and the royalty payable of $273,963 as of the settlement date were relieved as a part of the settlement resulting in a net gain&#13;of $5,745,895. The Company has expensed non-contingent expenses and fees associated with pursuing the settlement as those expenses&#13;and fees were incurred amounting to $-0- and $333,176 for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In December of 2013, as a result of the legalization&#13;of online gambling in the state of New Jersey, Peerless/ElectraWorks paid the Company $380,982 of additional settlement proceeds.&#13;As part of the agreement with Mr. Lipscomb, the Company paid Mr. Lipscomb 5% of the settlement proceeds or $19,477.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deloitte &amp;#38; Touche Settlement&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company is required to recognize all derivative&#13;instruments on the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value. The Company has not designated its derivative&#13;instruments as hedges for accounting purposes and, as such, marks its derivative instruments to fair value and recognizes the realized&#13;and unrealized changes in fair value in its statements of operations under the captions &amp;#147;Loss on Settled Derivatives&amp;#148;&#13;and &amp;#147;Losses on the mark-to-market of derviatives.&amp;#148;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has utilized swap and collar derivative&#13;contracts to hedge against the variability in cash flows associated with the forecasted sale of crude oil production. While the&#13;use of these derivative instruments limits the downside risk of adverse price movements, their use also limits the upside revenue&#13;potential of upward price movements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;For a fixed price swap contract, the counterparty&#13;is required to make a payment to the Company if the settlement price for any settlement period is less than the swap price and&#13;the Company is required to make a payment to the counterparty if the settlement price for any period is greater than the swap price.&#13;For a collar contract, the counterparty is required to make a payment to the Company if the settlement price for any settlement&#13;period is below the floor price, the Company is required to make a payment to the counterparty if the settlement price for any&#13;settlement period is above the ceiling price and no payment is required by either party if the settlement price for any settlement&#13;period is between the floor price and the ceiling price.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s derivative contracts are&#13;settled based on reported settlement prices on commodity exchanges, with crude oil derivative settlements based on NYMEX West Texas&#13;Intermediate (&amp;#147;WTI&amp;#148;) pricing.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of December 31, 2013, the Company had outstanding&#13;derivative contracts with respect to future production as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;Crude Oil Swaps&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Settlement Period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Oil (Barrels)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Fixed Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;January 1, 2014 &amp;#150; December 31, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;44,004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;94.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;January 1, 2014 &amp;#150; December 31, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;39,996&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;93.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;January 1, 2015 &amp;#150; December 31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;24,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;88.28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;Crude Oil Costless Collars&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Oil&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Floor/Ceiling&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Settlement Period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(Barrels)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Basis&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;January 1, 2015 &amp;#150; December 31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;36,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$75.00/$95.6&lt;/font&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;NYMEX&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;January 1, 2016 &amp;#150; June 30, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10,002&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$80.00/$89.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;NYMEX&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of December 31, 2013, the Company had total&#13;volume on open commodity swaps of 108,000 barrels at a weighted average price of approximately $92.69.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;Derivative gains and losses&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following table presents realized and unrealized&#13;gains and losses on derivative instruments for the periods presented:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Years Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Realized gain on derivatives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-indent: 4.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Crude oil fixed price swaps&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;53,482&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-indent: 4.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Crude oil collars&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-indent: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Realized loss on derivatives, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;53,482&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Losses on the mark-to-market of derivatives&lt;/font&gt;:&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-indent: 4.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Crude oil fixed price swaps&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(134,293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-indent: 4.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Crude oil collars&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(79,383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-indent: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Losses on the&#13;    mark-to-market of derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(213,676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;Balance sheet offsetting of derivative&#13;assets and liabilities&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In December 2011, the FASB issued ASU No&#13;2011-11, Balance Sheet (Topic 210)-Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities, which requires an entity to disclose&#13;information about offsetting arrangements to enable financial statement users to understand the effects of netting&#13;arrangements on an entity&amp;#146;s financial position. The Company adopted the provision of the standard upon entering into our&#13;first derivative contract and has provided the applicable disclosures below with respect to its derivative instruments.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;All of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;derivative contracts are carried at their fair value in the condensed balance sheets under the captions &amp;#147;Current portion&#13;of derivative instruments&amp;#148; and &amp;#147;Derivative instruments&amp;#148;. Derivative instruments from the same&#13;counterparty that are subject to contractual terms which provide for net settlement are reported on a net basis in the&#13;condensed balance sheets. The following tables present the gross amounts of recognized derivative assets and liabilities, the&#13;amounts offset under the netting arrangements with counterparties, and the resulting net amounts presented in the condensed&#13;balance sheets for the periods presented, all at fair value.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gross amounts of recognized assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gross amounts offset on balance sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net amounts of assets on balance sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gross amounts of recognized assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gross amounts offset on balance sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net amounts of assets on balance sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Commodity derivative assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gross amounts of recognized liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gross amounts offset on balance sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net amounts of liabilities on balance sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gross amounts of recognized liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gross amounts offset on balance sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net amounts of liabilities on balance sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Commodity derivative liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(396,573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;182,897&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(213,676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following table reconciles the net amounts&#13;disclosed above to the individual financial statement line items in the condensed balance sheets:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company adopted FASB ASC 820-10 upon inception&#13;at April 9, 2010. Under FASB ASC 820-10-5, fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to&#13;transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (an exit price). The standard&#13;outlines a valuation framework and creates a fair value hierarchy in order to increase the consistency and comparability of fair&#13;value measurements and the related disclosures. Under GAAP, certain assets and liabilities must be measured at fair value, and&#13;FASB ASC 820-10-50 details the disclosures that are required for items measured at fair value.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has cash and cash equivalents and&#13;a revolving credit facility that must be measured under the fair value standard. The Company&amp;#146;s financial assets and liabilities&#13;are measured using inputs from the three levels of the fair value hierarchy. The three levels are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 30.6pt; text-align: justify&gt;Level 1 - Inputs are unadjusted quoted&#13;prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 30.6pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 30.6pt; text-align: justify&gt;Level 2 - Inputs include quoted prices&#13;for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that&#13;are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g., interest rates, yield curves,&#13;etc.), and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market&#13;corroborated inputs).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 30.6pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 30.6pt; text-align: justify&gt;Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that&#13;reflect our assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following schedule summarizes the valuation&#13;of financial instruments at fair value on a recurring basis in the balances sheet as of December 31, 2013 and 2012:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 33pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,150,347&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,150,347&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 33pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Derivative Instruments (crude oil swaps and collars)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;213,676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Revolving credit facilities and long term debt, net of discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;30,556,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;30,769,977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,150,347&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(30,769,977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 33pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,417,340&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,417,340&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 33pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Revolving credit facilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5,748,844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5,748,844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,417,340&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(5,748,844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;There were no transfers of financial assets&#13;or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 inputs for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Senior Credit Facility and Subordinated Credit&#13;Facilities&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Company, as borrower,&#13;entered into a Credit Agreement dated August 8, 2013 and amendments thereto dated December 13, 2013 and March 24, 2014 (as amended,&#13;the &amp;#147;Senior Credit Agreement&lt;i&gt;&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt;) with Cadence Bank, N.A. (&amp;#147;Cadence&amp;#148;), as lender (the &amp;#147;Senior&#13;Credit Facility&amp;#148;). Under the terms of the Senior Credit Agreement, a senior secured revolving line of credit in the maximum&#13;aggregate principal amount of $50 million is available from time to time (i) for direct investment in oil and gas properties, (ii)&#13;for general working capital purposes, including the issuance of letters of credit, and (iii) to refinance existing debt under the&#13;Company&amp;#146;s credit facility with Dougherty Funding LLC.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Availability under the Senior&#13;Credit Facility is at all times subject to the then-applicable borrowing base, determined by Cadence in a manner consistent with&#13;the normal and customary oil and gas lending practices of Cadence. Availability was initially set at $7 million and is subject&#13;to periodic redeterminations. The availability was increased to $18 million commensurate with the CPX acquisition. Subject to availability&#13;under the borrowing base, the Company may borrow, repay and re-borrow funds in amounts of $250,000 or more. At the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;election, the unpaid principal balance of any borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility may bear interest at either (i) the Base&#13;Rate, as defined in the Senior Credit Facility, plus the applicable margin, which varies from 1.00% to 1.50% or (ii) the LIBOR&#13;rate, as defined in the Senior Credit Facility, plus the applicable margin, which varies from 3.00% to 3.50%. Interest is payable&#13;for Base Rate loans on the last business day of the month and for LIBOR loans on the last LIBOR business day of each LIBOR interest&#13;period. The Company is also required to pay a quarterly fee of 0.50% on any unused portion of the borrowing base, as well as a&#13;facility fee of 0.90% of the initial and any subsequent additions to the borrowing base.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Senior Credit Facility&#13;will mature on August 8, 2016. The Company may prepay the entire amount of Base Rate loans at any time, and may prepay the entire&#13;amount of LIBOR loans upon at least three business days&amp;#146; notice to Cadence. The Senior Credit Facility is secured by first&#13;priority interests in mortgages on substantially all of the Company&amp;#146;s assets, including but not limited to the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;mineral interests in North Dakota and Montana.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;As of December 31, 2013&#13;the Company had borrowings of $13 million outstanding under the Senior Credit Agreement.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Company, as borrower,&#13;entered into a Second Lien Credit Agreement dated August&amp;#160;8,&amp;#160;2013 and amendments thereto dated December 13, 2013 and March&#13;24, 2014 (as amended, the &amp;#147;Subordinated Credit Agreement&amp;#148;) by and among the Company, as borrower, Chambers Energy Management,&#13;LP, as administrative agent (&amp;#147;Chambers&amp;#148;), and the several other lenders named therein (the &amp;#147;Subordinated Credit&#13;Facility&amp;#148;). Under the Subordinated Credit Facility, term loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $75 million are&#13;available from time to time (i) to repay the Previous Credit Facility, (ii) for fees and closing costs in connection with both&#13;the Senior Credit Facility and the Subordinated Credit Facility (together, the &amp;#147;Credit Facilities&amp;#148;), and (iii) general&#13;corporate purposes.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Subordinated Credit&#13;Agreement provides for initial commitment availability of $25 million, subject to customary conditions, with the remaining commitments&#13;subject to the approval of Chambers and other customary conditions. The Company may borrow the available commitments in amounts&#13;of $5 million or more and shall not request borrowings of such loans more than once a month, provided that the initial draw must&#13;be at least $15 million. Loans under the Subordinated Credit Facility shall be funded net of a 2% OID. The unpaid principal balance&#13;of borrowings under the Subordinated Credit Facility bears interest at the Cash Interest Rate plus the PIK Interest Rate. The Cash&#13;Interest Rate is 9.00% per annum plus a rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) 1.00% and (ii) the offered rate for three-month&#13;deposits in U.S. dollars that appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR 01 as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the second full LIBOR business&#13;day preceding the first day of each calendar quarter. The PIK Interest Rate is equal to 4.00% per annum. Interest is payable on&#13;the last day of each month. The Company is also required to pay an annual nonrefundable administration fee of $50,000 and a monthly&#13;availability fee computed at a rate of 0.50% per annum on the average daily amount of any unused portion of the available amount&#13;under the commitment.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Subordinated Credit&#13;Facility matures on June 30, 2017. Upon at least three business days&amp;#146; written notice, the Company may prepay the entire amount&#13;under the loans, together with accrued interest. Each prepayment made prior to the second anniversary of the funding date, as defined&#13;in the Subordinated Credit Facility, shall be accompanied by a make-whole amount, as defined in the Subordinated Credit Agreement.&#13;Prepayments made on or after the second anniversary of the funding date shall be accompanied by an applicable premium, as set forth&#13;in the Subordinated Credit Agreement. The Subordinated Credit Facility is secured by second priority interests on substantially&#13;all of the Company&amp;#146;s assets, including but not limited to second priority mortgages on the Company&amp;#146;s mineral interests&#13;in North Dakota and Montana.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The first funding from the&#13;Subordinated Credit Facility occurred on September 9, 2013 at which time we drew $14,700,000, net of a $300,000 original issue&#13;discount, from the Subordinated Credit Agreement and used $10,226,057 of those proceeds to repay and terminate the Dougherty revolving&#13;credit facility. We drew an additional $4,900,000, net of a $100,000 original issue discount, as part of the funding for the CPX&#13;Acquisition on December 12, 2013.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Cadence and Chambers have&#13;entered into an Intercreditor Agreement dated August 8, 2013 (the &amp;#147;Intercreditor Agreement&amp;#148;). The Intercreditor Agreement&#13;provides that any liens on the assets of the Company securing indebtedness under the Subordinated Credit Facility are subordinate&#13;to liens on the assets securing indebtedness under the Senior Credit Facility and sets forth the respective rights, obligations&#13;and remedies of the lenders under the Senior Credit Facility with respect to their first priority liens and the lenders under the&#13;Subordinated Credit Facility with respect to their second priority liens.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Credit Facilities,&#13;as amended, require customary affirmative and negative covenants for credit facilities of the respective types and sizes for&#13;companies operating in the oil and gas industry, as well as customary events of default. Furthermore, the Credit Facilities&#13;contain financial covenants that require the Company to satisfy certain specified financial ratios. The Senior Credit&#13;Agreement requires the Company to maintain (i) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company, a collateral&#13;coverage ratio (reserve value plus consolidated working capital to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through&#13;the quarter ending June 30, 2014, 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarters ending September 30, 2014 and December 31, 2014, and 0.80 to&#13;1.00 for the quarter ending March 31, 2015 and thereafter, (ii) a ratio of current assets, including debt facility available&#13;to be drawn, to current liabilities of a minimum of 1.0 to 1.0, (iii) a net debt to EBITDAX, as defined in the Senior&#13;Credit Agreement, ratio of 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ended March 31, 2014, 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ended June 30,&#13;2014 and September 30, 2014, 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ended December 31, 2014, and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ended&#13;March 31, 2015 and thereafter, in each case calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis, (iv) a maximum senior&#13;leverage ratio of not more than 2.5 to 1.0 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis, and (v) a minimum interest&#13;coverage ratio of not less than 3.0 to 1.0. The Subordinated Credit Agreement requires the Company to maintain (i) as of the&#13;last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company, a collateral coverage ratio (reserve value plus consolidated working capital&#13;to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June 30, 2014, 0.70 to 1.00 for the&#13;quarters ending September 30, 2014 and December 31, 2014, and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31, 2015 and&#13;thereafter, (ii) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company, a consolidated net leverage ratio (adjusted total&#13;indebtedness less the amount of unrestricted cash equivalents to consolidated EBITDA) of no more than 3.75 to 1.00 for the&#13;quarter ending March 31, 2014, 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ending June 30, 2014 and September 30, 2014, 4.00 to 1.00 for&#13;the quarter ending December 31, 2014, and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31, 2015 and thereafter, calculated on a&#13;modified trailing four quarter basis, (iii) as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Company, a consolidated cash&#13;interest coverage ratio (consolidated EBITDA to consolidated cash interest expense) of no less than 2.5 to 1.0, calculated on&#13;a modified trailing four quarter basis and (iv) as of the last day of any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of&#13;the Company, a ratio of consolidated current assets to consolidated current liabilities of at least 1.0 to 1.0. In addition,&#13;each of the Credit Facilities requires that the Company enter into hedging agreements prior to funding with regard to no less&#13;than 50% and no greater than 75% of its future oil production on currently producing wells. The Company is in compliance&#13;with all covenants, as amended, for the period ending December 31, 2013.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;In connection with the Subordinated&#13;Credit Facility, the Company agreed to issue to the lenders detachable warrants to purchase up to 5,000,000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;common stock at an exercise price of $0.65 per share. The warrants expire on August 8, 2018. Proceeds from the loan were allocated&#13;between the debt and equity based on the relative fair values at the time of issuance, resulting in a debt discount of $2,473,576&#13;at issuance that is presented as a debt discount on the balance sheet and is being amortized using the effective interest method&#13;over the life of the credit facility, which matures on June 30, 2017. A total of $199,632 was amortized during the year ended December&#13;31, 2013. The remaining unamortized balance of the debt discount attributable to the warrants is $2,273,944 as of December 31,&#13;2013.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Dougherty Revolving Credit Facility (former&#13;credit facility)&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;On April 4, 2012, the Company&#13;entered into a Secured Revolving Credit Agreement with Dougherty Funding, LLC (&amp;#147;Dougherty&amp;#148;) as Lender which was subsequently&#13;amended on September 5, 2012 and December 14, 2012 with an Amended and Restated Secured Revolving Credit Agreement (collectively&#13;the &amp;#147;Dougherty Credit Facility&amp;#148;).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The Dougherty Credit Facility&#13;provided for a maximum available amount of $20 million, of which $16.5 million was available prior to termination of the facility,&#13;with interest payable on the outstanding balance at a rate of 9.25% per year and a maturity date of August 1, 2015. In connection&#13;with the amended financing, the Company issued Dougherty Funding, LLC warrants to purchase 585,000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;common stock at an exercise price of $0.38 per share. The warrants expire on August 31, 2015.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;We took our first draw on&#13;April 12, 2012 of $2,450,000, and used $2,051,722 of the proceeds to repay and terminate our predecessor PrenAnte5 revolving credit&#13;facility, including interest of $51,722.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On September 9, 2013, we repaid the Dougherty&#13;Credit Facility with proceeds from the Subordinated Credit Facility.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Amounts outstanding under revolving credit facilities&#13;and long term debts consisted of the following as of December&amp;#160;31, 2013 and 2012, respectively:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Senior Revolving Credit Facility, Cadence Bank, N.A.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;13,000,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Subordinated Credit Agreement, Chambers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;20,000,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;PIK Interest on Subordinated Credit Agreement, Chambers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;201,883&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Revolving Credit Facility, Dougherty Funding, LLC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5,748,844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total credit facilities and long term debts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;33,201,883&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5,748,844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-indent: 15.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less: Unamortized OID&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(371,638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-indent: 15.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less: Unamortized debt discount attributable to warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(2,273,944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total credit facilities and long term debts, net of discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;30,556,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;5,748,844&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-indent: 15.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less: current maturities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Long term portion of credit facilities and long term debts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;30,556,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5,748,844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Net proceeds of $19,600,000 were received from&#13;our $20,000,000 in advances due to $400,000 of OID pursuant to the Subordinated Credit Agreement at issuance that is presented&#13;as a debt discount on the balance sheet and is being amortized using the effective interest method over the life of the credit&#13;facility, which matures on June 30, 2017. A total of $28,362 was amortized during the year ended December 31, 2013. The remaining&#13;unamortized balance of the debt discount attributable to the OID is $371,638 as of December 31, 2013.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following presents components of interest&#13;expense for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Preferred Stock&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has 20,000,000 authorized shares&#13;of $0.001 par value preferred stock. No shares have been issued to date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; background-color: white&gt;&lt;u&gt;Common Stock&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has 500,000,000 authorized shares&#13;of $0.001 par value common stock.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On April 30, 2012, the Company issued 577,025&#13;shares of common stock in satisfaction of a subscription payable granted on March 22, 2012 as part of a deposit on the purchase&#13;of certain oil and gas mineral leases, which was subsequently terminated on June 1, 2012. The shares were non-refundable in the&#13;event that we decided not to close the purchase. As a result, the $438,539 fair value of the shares was expensed on June 1, 2012&#13;and is presented within general and administrative expense in our condensed statements of operations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Adjustments to Additional Paid In Capital&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;We account for income taxes under the provisions&#13;of ASC Topic 740, &lt;i&gt;Income taxes, &lt;/i&gt;which provides for an asset and liability approach for income taxes. Under this approach,&#13;deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences, using currently enacted tax laws,&#13;attributable to temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and&#13;the amounts calculated for income tax purposes.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Our provision for income taxes for the years&#13;ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Current taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Deferred tax provision (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(698,851&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,720,601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net income tax provision (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(698,851&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,720,601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The effective income tax rate for the years&#13;ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;35.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;35.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;State income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2.35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Effect of statutory rate change on deferred taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;34.49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(8.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net effective income tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;63.44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;43.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s state income tax&#13;rate as of December 31, 2013 decreased by 3.66% from 6.01% as of December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2012, to 2.35%. This decrease in&#13;the effective tax rate is attributable to changes in the Company&amp;#146;s state apportionment factors in the current year. Due&#13;to the legal settlement amounts and non-oil &amp;#38; gas revenue the Company received during previous years being sourced to&#13;the state of Minnesota for income tax purposes, a larger percentage of the Company&amp;#146;s activity was expected to be&#13;apportioned to that state. As compared to North Dakota, the other state the Company files tax returns in which has a&#13;corporate income tax rate of 4.53%, the state of Minnesota has a 9.80% corporate income tax rate. This change in&#13;apportionment resulted in a 34.49% increase in the effective tax rate for the current period based on its effect on the&#13;carrying value of the net deferred tax liability.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The components of the deferred tax assets and&#13;liabilities as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Federal and state net operating loss carryovers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7,465,973&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2,466,977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Stock compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,118,426&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;837,761&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Derivative liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;79,806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Reorganization costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;50,040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;54,943&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Asset retirement obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;60,007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;27,535&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8,774,252&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3,387,216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10.4pt; text-indent: -5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Ceiling test impairment, intangible drilling costs and other exploration costs capitalized for financial reporting purposes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(12,229,818&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(7,630,903&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(13,764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(15,192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total deferred liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(12,243,582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(7,646,095&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(3,469,330&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(4,258,879&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(564,515&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(473,817&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(4,033,845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(4,732,696&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of December 31, 2013, the Company has net&#13;operating loss carryover of approximately $19,989,725. Under existing Federal law, the net operating loss may be utilized to offset&#13;taxable income through the year ended December 31, 2032. A portion of the net operating loss carryover begins to expire in 2030.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;ASC Topic 740 provides that a valuation allowance&#13;is recognized if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred&#13;tax asset will not be realized. The Company had recognized a valuation allowance reducing the carrying value of its deferred tax&#13;asset by $473,817 as of December 31, 2012. As of December 31, 2013 the Company has increased its valuation allowance by $90,698&#13;to $564,515. This increase was to more accurately reflect an allowance on only a portion of its deferred tax assets which the Company&#13;believes it is more likely than not that the benefit of these assets will not be realized.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company files annual US Federal income tax&#13;returns and annual income tax returns for the states of Minnesota, North Dakota and Montana. We are not subject to income tax examinations&#13;by tax authorities for years before 2010 for all returns. Income taxing authorities have conducted no formal examinations of our&#13;past federal or state income tax returns and supporting records.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company is involved in various inquiries,&#13;administrative proceedings and litigation relating to matters arising in the normal course of business. The Company is not currently&#13;a defendant in any material litigation and is not aware of any threatened litigation that could have a material effect on the Company.&#13;Management is not able to estimate the minimum loss to be incurred, if any, as a result of the final outcome of the matters arising&#13;in the normal course of business but believes they are not likely to have a material adverse effect upon the Company&amp;#146;s financial&#13;position or results of operations and, accordingly, no provision for loss has been recorded.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company periodically maintains cash balances&#13;at banks in excess of federally insured amounts. The extent of loss, if any, to be sustained as a result of any future failure&#13;of a bank or other financial institution is not subject to estimation at this time.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The preparation of financial statements in&#13;conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the&#13;reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements&#13;and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Cash equivalents include money market accounts&#13;which have maturities of three months or less. For the purpose of the statements of cash flows, all highly liquid investments with&#13;an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are stated at cost plus accrued&#13;interest, which approximates market value. Cash and cash equivalents consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company accounts for website development&#13;costs in accordance with ASC 350-50, &amp;#147;Accounting for Website Development Costs&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASC 350-50&amp;#148;), wherein&#13;website development costs are segregated into three activities:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Initial stage (planning), whereby the related costs are expensed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Development (web application, infrastructure, graphics), whereby the related costs are capitalized and amortized once the website is ready for use. Costs for development content of the website may be expensed or capitalized depending on the circumstances of the expenditures.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px; font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Post-implementation (after site is up and running: security, training, admin), whereby the related costs are expensed as incurred. Upgrades are usually expensed, unless they add additional functionality.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company follows the full cost method of&#13;accounting for oil and gas operations whereby all costs related to the exploration and development of oil and gas properties are&#13;initially capitalized into a single cost center (&amp;#34;full cost pool&amp;#34;). Such costs include land acquisition costs, geological&#13;and geophysical expenses, carrying charges on non-producing properties, costs of drilling directly related to acquisition, and&#13;exploration activities. Internal costs that are capitalized are directly attributable to acquisition, exploration and development&#13;activities and do not include costs related to the production, general corporate overhead or similar activities. Costs associated&#13;with production and general corporate activities are expensed in the period incurred. Capitalized costs are summarized as follows&#13;for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Years Ended December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized Certain Payroll and Other Internal Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;137,509&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;172,503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized Interest Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-indent: 12.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;137,509&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;172,503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Proceeds from property sales will generally&#13;be credited to the full cost pool, with no gain or loss recognized, unless such a sale would significantly alter the relationship&#13;between capitalized costs and the proved reserves attributable to these costs. A significant alteration would typically involve&#13;a sale of 20% or more of the proved reserves related to a single full cost pool. During the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company&#13;sold approximately 189 net acres for total proceeds of $608,387. During the year ended December 31, 2012, the Company sold approximately&#13;509 net acres for total proceeds of $1,893,649. The Company assesses all items classified as unevaluated property on a quarterly&#13;basis for possible impairment or reduction in value. The assessment includes consideration of the following factors, among others:&#13;intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological and geophysical evaluations; drilling results and activity; the assignment of&#13;proved reserves; and the economic viability of development if proved reserves are assigned. During any period in which these factors&#13;indicate an impairment, the cumulative drilling costs incurred to date for such property and all or a portion of the associated&#13;leasehold costs are transferred to the full cost pool and are then subject to amortization.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Capitalized costs associated with impaired properties&#13;and properties having proved reserves, estimated future development costs, and asset retirement costs under FASB ASC 410-20-25&#13;are depleted and amortized on the unit-of-production method based on the estimated gross proved reserves as determined by independent&#13;petroleum engineers. The costs of unproved properties are withheld from the depletion base until such time as they are either developed&#13;or abandoned.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Our revenue is solely derived from oil and gas&#13;sales to various purchasers, the market for which has very inelastic demand. Due to this, we do not consider any purchasers to&#13;represent a material concentration to our sales for the years ended December 31, 2013 or 2012, as we believe any of our customers&#13;could easily be replaced.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Basic earnings per share (&amp;#147;EPS&amp;#148;)&#13;are computed by dividing net income (the numerator) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period&#13;(the denominator). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares and potential&#13;common shares outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. Potential common shares include stock options, warrants and restricted&#13;stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options, warrants and restricted stock is computed using&#13;the treasury stock method.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The reconciliation of the denominators used&#13;to calculate basic EPS and diluted EPS for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Years Ended December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding &amp;#150; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;47,979,990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;47,789,225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Plus: Potentially dilutive common shares:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Stock options and warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;272,014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding &amp;#150; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;47,979,990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;48,061,239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Effective upon inception at April 9, 2010, the&#13;Company adopted new standards for accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. These standards prescribe a recognition threshold&#13;and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken&#13;in a tax return. These standards also provide guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in&#13;interim periods, disclosure, and transition.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Various taxing authorities can periodically&#13;audit the Company&amp;#146;s income tax returns. These audits include questions regarding the Company&amp;#146;s tax filing positions,&#13;including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions. In evaluating the exposures&#13;connected with these various tax filing positions, including state and local taxes, the Company records allowances for probable&#13;exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter, for which an allowance has been established, is audited and&#13;fully resolved. The Company has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Various accounting standards and interpretations&#13;were issued in 2013 with effective dates subsequent to December 31, 2013. We have evaluated the recently issued accounting pronouncements&#13;that are effective in 2014 and believe that none of them will have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations&#13;or cash flows when adopted.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 33pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,150,347&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,150,347&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 33pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Derivative Instruments (crude oil swaps and collars)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;213,676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Revolving credit facilities and long term debt, net of discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;30,556,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;30,769,977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,150,347&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(30,769,977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Grant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Number of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Strike&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Term in&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Vesting Term in&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Black-Scholes Options Pricing Model:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Expense Recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Expense Recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 27%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Recipient&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Years&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Years&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Call Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;in 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;in 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Kenneth DeCubellis, CEO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;750,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.65 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.5675 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;425,595 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;4,431&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;James Moe, CFO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;200,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.5675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;113,492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Michael Eisele, COO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;250,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.5675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;141,865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;175,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.5675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;99,306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;25,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.5675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14,187&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.5675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5,675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Joseph Lahti, Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.5675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;56,746&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;591&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Benjamin Oehler, Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.5675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;56,746&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;591&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Bradley Berman, Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.65 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.5675 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;56,746 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;591 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10/30/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;20,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.63 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;114%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.5443 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10,886 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;370 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;08/01/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Michael Eisele, COO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;165,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.64 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;114%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.5520 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;91,087 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7,590 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;01/24/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12,500 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;110%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0. 4725 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5,907 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,099 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;01/24/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;70,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.56 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;110%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0. 4725 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;33,077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6,158 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;01/24/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Michael Eisele, COO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;165,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.56 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;110%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0. 4725 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;77,968 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14,514 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;01/24/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;James Moe, CFO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;115,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.56 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;110%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0. 4725 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;54,341 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10,116 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;01/24/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Kenneth DeCubellis, CEO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;400,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.56 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;110%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.4725 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;189,014 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;35,189 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2,657,500 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$1,432,638 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;85,140 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following table presents all options granted&#13;during the year ended December 31, 2012:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following table presents all options granted&#13;during the year ended December 31, 2013:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Grant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Number of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Strike&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Term in&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Vesting Term in&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Black-Scholes Options Pricing Model:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Expense Recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Expense Recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 27%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Recipient&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Years&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Years&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Call Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;in 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;in 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Kenneth DeCubellis, CEO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;750,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.65 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.5675 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;425,595 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;4,431&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;James Moe, CFO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;200,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.5675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;113,492&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Michael Eisele, COO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;250,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.5675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;141,865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;175,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.5675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;99,306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;25,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.5675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14,187&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.5675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5,675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Joseph Lahti, Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.5675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;56,746&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;591&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Benjamin Oehler, Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.5675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;56,746&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;591&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Bradley Berman, Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.65 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.5675 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;56,746 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;591 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10/30/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;20,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.63 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;114%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.5443 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10,886 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;370 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;08/01/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Michael Eisele, COO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;165,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.64 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;114%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.5520 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;91,087 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7,590 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;01/24/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12,500 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;110%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0. 4725 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5,907 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,099 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;01/24/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;70,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.56 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;110%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0. 4725 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;33,077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6,158 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;01/24/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Michael Eisele, COO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;165,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.56 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;110%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0. 4725 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;77,968 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14,514 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;01/24/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;James Moe, CFO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;115,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.56 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;110%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0. 4725 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;54,341 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10,116 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;01/24/13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Kenneth DeCubellis, CEO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;400,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.56 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;110%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.4725 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;189,014 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;35,189 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2,657,500 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$1,432,638 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;85,140 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;- &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following table presents all options granted&#13;during the year ended December 31, 2012:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Grant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Number of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Strike&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Term in&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Vesting Term in&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Black-Scholes Options Pricing Model:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Expense Recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Expense Recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 27%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Recipient&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Years&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Years&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Call Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Value &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;in 2013 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;in 2012 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/04/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Benjamin Oehler, Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.53 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;110%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.4468 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 44,681 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;8,936 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;661 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/04/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Joseph Lahti, Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.53 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;110%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.4468 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;44,681 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8,936 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;661 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;09/25/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Kenneth DeCubellis, CEO&lt;sup&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,000,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.27 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;114%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.2316 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;31,294 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6,260 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,651 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;09/25/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;James Moe, CFO&lt;sup&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;500,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.27 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;114%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.2316 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;27,595 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5,520 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,456 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;09/25/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;sup&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.27 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;114%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.2316 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;313 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;64 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;17 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;08/31/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Joseph Lahti, Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.31 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;114%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.2607 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;26,066 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5,212 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1,731 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;08/10/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Michael Eisele, COO&lt;sup&gt;(3)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;150,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.28 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;112%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.2390 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;35,853 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7,172 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2,795 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;08/03/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;150,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$ 0.40 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;111%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;0.3398 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;50,965 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10,192 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4,168 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2,110,000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$261,448 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;52,292 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;13,140 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;(1) All options vest in&#13;equal annual installments, commencing one year from the date of the grant, are exercisable for 10 years from the date of the grant&#13;and are being amortized over the implied service term, or vesting period, of the options.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;(2) On September 25, 2012,&#13;an amendment (the &amp;#147;Plan Amendment&amp;#148;) to the 2012 Stock Incentive Plan of Black Ridge Oil &amp;#38; Gas, Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;)&#13;became effective. The Plan Amendment allows for the one-time re-pricing and re-granting of stock options for certain option holders.&#13;The Plan Amendment did not alter any other terms of the Plan. Pursuant to the Plan Amendment, certain officers and employees of&#13;the Company agreed to the cancellation of their current stock option agreements in exchange for new stock option agreements. Under&#13;the new stock option agreements, covering 1,510,000 options, each optionee&amp;#146;s original number of stock options remains the&#13;same. Kenneth DeCubellis, Chief Executive Officer, and James Moe, Chief Financial Officer, grants of 1,000,000 and 500,000 shares,&#13;respectively, remain the same and have a new exercise price of $0.27, along with another 10,000 options granted to an employee.&#13;These options vest in five equal annual installments, commencing one year from the date of grant on September 25, 2013, and continuing&#13;on the next four anniversaries thereof until fully vested. The total incremental fair value of the warrants in excess of the fair&#13;value immediately preceding the modification of the common stock options totaled $59,202, and is being amortized in addition to&#13;the original fair value, over the vesting period of the options.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;(3) Mr. Eisele was promoted to Chief&#13;Operating Officer effective August 1, 2013.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Options Cancelled&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On November 15, 2013, 166,667 common stock options&#13;were forfeited pursuant to the resignation of an officer.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On October 17, 2012, 113,333 common stock options&#13;were forfeited pursuant to the resignation of a director.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On September 7, 2012, 466,333 common stock options&#13;were cancelled pursuant to the resignation of an officer.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;No other options were cancelled during 2013&#13;or 2012.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Options Expired&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;No options expired during the years ended December&#13;31, 2013 and 2012.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Options Exercised&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;No options were exercised during the year ended&#13;December 31, 2013 and 2012.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of information about&#13;the Stock Options outstanding at December 31, 2013.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=9 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares Underlying Options Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares Underlying&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Range of Exercise Prices&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Shares Underlying Options Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Shares Underlying Options Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.03 - $1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6,639,834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8.53 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2,141,667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of each option grant is estimated&#13;on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions used for grants&#13;under the fixed option plan:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Average risk-free interest rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Average expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;112&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Black-Scholes option pricing model was developed&#13;for use in estimating the fair value of short-term traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable.&#13;In addition, option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including expected stock price volatility.&#13;Because the Company&amp;#146;s employee stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and&#13;because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in management&amp;#146;s opinion&#13;the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee stock options. During&#13;the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 there were no options granted with an exercise price below the fair value of the underlying&#13;stock at the grant date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The weighted average fair value of options granted&#13;with exercise prices at the current fair value of the underlying stock during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 was $0.62,&#13;and $0.31 per option, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of activity of outstanding&#13;stock options:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 9pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Number&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercise&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;of Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Prices&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance, December 31, 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4,162,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(2,122,999&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2,110,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 0.5in; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9.7pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance, December 31, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4,149,001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(166,667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2,657,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 0.5in; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance, December 31, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6,639,834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercisable, December 31, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 9pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 9pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2,141,667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 9pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;Warrants Granted&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;2013 Warrants Granted&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On August 8, 2013, in connection with entering&#13;into the Subordinated Credit Facility, the Company agreed to issue to the lenders cashless warrants to purchase up to 5,000,000&#13;shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.65 per share. The warrants expire on August 8, 2018. The&#13;estimated fair value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model, based on a volatility rate of 114%, risk-free interest rate of 1.38%&#13;and a call option value of $0.4947 was $2,473,576 and is being amortized using the effective interest method over the life of the&#13;credit facility, which matures on June 30, 2017. Proceeds from the sale were allocated between the debt and equity based on the&#13;relative fair values at the time of issuance. The fair value of $2,473,576 is presented as a debt discount on the balance sheet&#13;and a total of $199,632 and $-0- was amortized during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The remaining unamortized&#13;balance of those warrants is $2,273,944 as of December 31, 2013.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;u&gt;2012 Warrants Granted&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On September 5, 2012, we granted 585,000 warrants&#13;in connection with the amended Dougherty Funding, LLC Revolving Credit Facility. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing&#13;Model, based on a volatility rate of 113% and a call option value of $0.2069, was $121,054, and is being amortized over the approximate&#13;three year life of the amended facility. The Company recognized a total of $108,190 and $12,864 of interest expense during the&#13;years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The remaining unamortized balance of those warrants is $-0- as of December&#13;31, 2013.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Warrants Cancelled&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;No warrants were cancelled during 2013 or 2012.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Warrants Expired&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;No warrants expired during the years ended December&#13;31, 2013 and 2012.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Warrants Exercised&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;No warrants were exercised during the years&#13;ended December 31, 2013 and 2012.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of information about&#13;the Warrants outstanding at December 31, 2013:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=9 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares Underlying Warrants Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares Underlying&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrants Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Range of Exercise Prices&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Shares Underlying Warrants Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Shares Underlying Warrants Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.38 - $1.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9,463,375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3.58 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9,463,375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of each warrant grant is estimated&#13;on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions used for grants&#13;under the fixed option plan:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Average risk-free interest rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Average expected life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Black-Scholes option pricing model&#13;was developed for use in estimating the fair value of short-term traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully&#13;transferable. In addition, option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including expected stock&#13;price volatility. Because the Company&amp;#146;s warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded warrants&#13;and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in management&amp;#146;s opinion&#13;the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its warrants. During the years ended&#13;December 31, 2013 and 2012, there were no warrants granted with an exercise price below the fair value of the underlying stock&#13;at the grant date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The weighted average fair value of warrants&#13;granted with exercise prices at the current fair value of the underlying stock during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012&#13;was $0.65 and $0.38 per warrant, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following is a summary of activity of outstanding&#13;warrants:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 9pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On December 13, 2013, the Company acquired oil&#13;and natural gas properties from CP Exploration, LP (&amp;#147;CPX&amp;#148;) for approximately $20.6 million, net of purchase price adjustments&#13;(&amp;#147;the CPX Acquisition&amp;#148;). The properties acquired in the CPX Acquisition are comprised of leasehold interests in approximately&#13;2,040 net mineral acres in the Williston Basin of North Dakota and interests in 43 gross (0.92 net) producing wells on the acquired&#13;leases.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company completed its valuation of the properties&#13;acquired in the CPX Acquisition which is summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 87%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Purchase price of Acquired Properties&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;20,680,032&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allocation of Purchase Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Proved Oil and Gas Properties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;20,517,903&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Unproved Oil and gas Properties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;195,780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total fair value of oil and gas properties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;20,713,683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Asset retirement obligations &lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(33,651&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Fair value of net assets acquired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;20,680,032&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The estimated fair value of the acquired asset retirement obligation was determined using the Company&amp;#146;s credit adjusted risk-free rate.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following unaudited pro forma combined results&#13;of operations for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 are presented as though the CPX Acquisition had been completed as&#13;of January 1, 2012. The pro forma combined results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 have been prepared&#13;by adjusting the historical results of the Company to include the historical results of the properties acquired in the CPX Acquisition.&#13;The supplemental pro forma results of operations are provided for illustrative purposes only and not purport to be indicative of&#13;the actual results that would have been achieved by the combined company for the periods presented. The pro forma results of operations&#13;do not include any cost savings or other synergies that resulted from the CPX Acquisition or any estimated costs incurred to integrate&#13;the CPX Acquisition assets.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Years Ended December 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(Unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Boe Produced&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;160,432&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;114,431&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;13,511,159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9,283,494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net operating income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2,704,323&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;17,816&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(236,429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4,612,937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Income (loss) per common share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The following&#13;tables summarize gross and net productive oil wells by state at December 31, 2013 and 2012. A net well represents our percentage&#13;ownership of a gross well. The following tables do not include wells in which our interest is limited to royalty and overriding&#13;royalty interests. The following tables also do not include wells which were awaiting completion, in the process of completion&#13;or awaiting flow back subsequent to fracture stimulation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;North Dakota&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4.79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Montana&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.08&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s&#13;oil and gas properties consist of all acreage acquisition costs (including cash expenditures and the value of stock consideration),&#13;drilling costs and other associated capitalized costs. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, our principal oil and gas assets included&#13;approximately 14,300 and 12,256 net acres, respectively, located in North Dakota and Montana.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The following&#13;table summarizes our capitalized costs for the purchase and development of our oil and gas properties for the years ended December&#13;31, 2013 and 2012:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Years Ended December&#13;    31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%; text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Purchases of oil and gas properties&#13;    and development costs for cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;32,025,724&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;21,213,070&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Purchase of oil and gas properties accrued&#13;    at year-end&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7,953,801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2,618,145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Purchase of oil and gas properties accrued&#13;    at the beginning of the year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(2,618,145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(2,422,150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Advances to operators applied to development&#13;    of oil and gas properties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2,218,237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;626,893&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
255
204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized asset retirement&#13;    obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;84,501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;58,688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 13.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&#13;    purchase and development costs, oil and gas properties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;39,664,118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;22,094,646&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;2013 Acquisitions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;During 2013,&#13;including the CPX acquisition, the Company purchased approximately 3,571 net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North&#13;Dakota and Montana. Additionally, in conjunction with the purchase of the net mineral acres we acquired 45 gross producing wells&#13;(1.23 net wells). In consideration for the assignment of these mineral leases and producing wells, we paid the sellers a total&#13;of approximately $24,693,145.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;2013 Divestitures&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;During 2013,&#13;the Company sold approximately 189 net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota for total proceeds of $608,387.&#13;No gain or loss was recorded pursuant to the sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;2012 Acquisitions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;During 2012,&#13;the Company purchased approximately 2,306 net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota and Montana. In consideration&#13;for the assignment of these mineral leases, we paid the sellers a total of approximately $3,249,347. Of these acquisitions, 110&#13;acres acquired on February 14, 2012 were acquired from the State of North Dakota. The acreage we purchased lies within the riverbed&#13;of the Missouri River and there is currently third-party litigation ongoing in the State of North Dakota pertaining to the state&amp;#146;s&#13;ownership claim to similar riparian acreage. We have signed an AFE for the well and the operator has agreed to retroactively honor&#13;the AFE if the state is successful in defending its ownership claim. As a result, we have not capitalized any Authorization for&#13;Expenditure costs (&amp;#147;AFE&amp;#148;) or recognized any sales from this well. In the event the operator is successful in their&#13;litigation with the state, the state is required to refund our original purchase price for the lease.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;2012 Divestitures&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;During 2012,&#13;the Company sold approximately 506 net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota for total proceeds of $1,893,649.&#13;No gain or loss was recorded pursuant to the sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal&gt;&lt;u&gt;2013 Acreage&#13;Swap&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;In 2013,&#13;we traded 950 acres to an operator in exchange for 160 acres in a different geographic location and a drilling carry for the well&#13;costs for our interests in 2 gross (0.12 net) wells valued at $1,200,000 and carried on the balance sheet as advances to operators.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: normal&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Oil &amp;#38;&#13;Gas Property Acquisitions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Through March&#13;15, 2014, the Company purchased approximately 199 net acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota and Montana. In consideration&#13;for the assignment of these mineral leases, we paid the sellers approximately $1,652,034. Additionally, through March 15, 2014,&#13;the Company sold 470 net acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota for proceeds of $1,240,000.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Debt Financing&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;On March&#13;24, 2014, the Company amended its Credit Facilities with Cadence and Chambers to make certain changes to definitions and our covenants.&#13;The changes include: (i)&lt;i&gt; &lt;/i&gt;the addition of the defined term &amp;#147;In Process Well Costs&amp;#148; to describe certain costs&#13;paid or accrued by us for drilling and completion costs of a well in process for purposes of calculating Reserve Value; (ii) the&#13;revision of the definition of Collateral Coverage Ratio to take into account In Process Well Costs in the calculation of the ratio;&#13;(iii) a change in the value assigned to Proved Undeveloped Reserves for purposes of calculating Reserve Value from 50% (subject&#13;to a cap) to 0%; (iv) revisions to the Minimum Collateral Coverage Ratio (initially 1.25 to 1.00) for purposes of our covenants&#13;to be 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June 30, 2014, 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarters ending September 30, 2014 and December&amp;#160;31,&amp;#160;2014,&#13;and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31, 2015 and thereafter; and (v) revisions to the applicable Consolidated Net Leverage&#13;Ratio (initially 3.50 to 1.00) for purposes of our covenants to 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31, 2014, 4.25 to 1.00&#13;for the quarters ending June 30, 2014 and September 30, 2014, 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December 31, 2014, and 3.50&#13;to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&amp;#160;31, 2015, and thereafter.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;The Company&#13;received an advance of $5,000,000 pursuant to the Credit Facility with Chambers on March&amp;#160;21,&amp;#160;2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;From&#13;January 1, 2014 through March 26, 2014, the Company received cumulative advances, net of repayments, of $1,250,000 pursuant&#13;to the Credit Facility with Cadence.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0pt 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Common&#13;Stock Options&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gross amounts of recognized assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gross amounts offset on balance sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net amounts of assets on balance sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gross amounts of recognized assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gross amounts offset on balance sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net amounts of assets on balance sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Commodity derivative assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductiveGasWellsNumberOfWellsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OilAndGasProducingWellsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_TotalVolumeOnOpenCommoditySwaps'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_WeightedAveragePricePerBarrel'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationLiabilitiesArisingFromContingenciesAmountRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ContingentConsiderationReceivableNetRoyatiesReceivedAndCommissionsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ContingencyConsiderationReceivableFairValueAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_EliminationOfContingentReceivableDueToSettlementAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationLiabilitiesArisingFromContingenciesAmountRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationLiabilitiesArisingFromContingenciesAmountRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ContingentConsiderationReceivableNetRoyatiesReceivedAndCommissionsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ContingencyConsiderationReceivableFairValueAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_EliminationOfContingentReceivableDueToSettlementAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationLiabilitiesArisingFromContingenciesAmountRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationLiabilitiesArisingFromContingenciesAmountRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ContingentConsiderationReceivableNetRoyatiesReceivedAndCommissionsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ContingencyConsiderationReceivableFairValueAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_EliminationOfContingentReceivableDueToSettlementAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationLiabilitiesArisingFromContingenciesAmountRecognized'






MQQGY:O&9UN:NB]F77?KYD

M.3T3FG8([U*
G!W=



M'$GIUNNVHMI5=WUZ`T48/)DZ-$2Q[XKI6O2FM8^Y3^R?'@YLNI07#C+^OVGP

M`D56@2*K0)%5H




$%``&``@````A`+55
M

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

%'*86C1DQFH9=R4
MY3V&OQY0+3S5P6H(!WL'JC[Z//FRMS1-;W@OYGUBETZ


MY:P/'NKX_%6ART)@9+8+)J=E'_=Z^^NAR6ET^X1.S`P&+8Y(/@TVQI:BA-

M'%N



M8*E3C

MEO:V0I6RR


M.DO[WF`0]3


6/



MG[QD#XHF@-*2QL4!@1.LH6OA%[%Q60I-#FBIJ
THXLE3*I=U-E$&B^A:/)ZP



?K%KTU%8;RMU'`U$NA9!'8W






M[-`B^W#&W0^0M\L8-'Z(4)/1RK

4ZC$38]
M&1_J-
-50%`1XDQ&6^5PCG\_

MGG3


M`/__`P!02P





MPEC$R1C#0H


M9DR+ZVA*[&R`Q
<O9L\)U!JW!.Z=4B(A-


S%2L:
L:3C_!NL@F*

:_#&*Q:F)(QFF]7TBA6E(F0?U97=Y!:#VG8+X=P\TQH$

FO1


MU^$R..%2+7R%T!3
?%XT]_:MGN92Z/Q\XKFQ=U=



-


M6_.=


M9+.R(O%!!.69[3G.RL[CM#`QP[J:DH


MLI:!LW`!;NP)JY]3GM(TD@NK:?X_@ER9I-X,@F\WY(L+-];!N&$+#8R$@M\
MBNMXMZGHU0#50$U6QER#[AHRWU:&/)JUCBT5ULB3//`L6Q/D#JM@,)_771N

YE4?\02T3A



MP(










$%``&
[6+R^]?#**6TK1*
M:2$J%I-7ILC=\O.GQ4'()Y4SIBUPJ%1




M#QPMB97LE1;E7R/RCE;&Q#^:!$!_G/=M/YIXD^G_71Q#U`1X3S5=+J0X6-`U


KZ=]1
*BA$%JX!L:S
`WBV;W]MWJ`C.D@X)9.AV$A1#
MI2\V#L*HN_7::






M970U

MTO[['=M`&\
8W`2
7[]YSCGV



VF.C^_*=F)#]\=
M4;/=%T[+;[0CD&PHDRK`BK&-DCZ5ZB=8[)VL?M0%^



(Z/?SH1N.XR!._N_B&2(=X!)+/)MR
MMG-@T\`[18_5%@PFX*PB&_TS
@A)K7E0B_124`NHQLML[=3[P526.PU\U--
M.%0L3A71N\0#OB,DA/X1\GS:#W!*G-X'N&B[-U7!S`WFD2C^Q;6^;D!#R3J


`
)?AT`LPHEW!2];M,OS[
MU_UDCI%4IM)PSN:X1<J\<WZ\Z?5@8M'65.J$#AT



I1FVQ?-AU7)!M`WD_AU-2O'H/








MW-?0*[2+6RZRXW48I?*63,W&O,3D:I3A7OV](TTEPFYJSMR8Y^)V+'.HD:

M``#__P



MX&C+C=T(1XD1VQNKY)\`RIRH2)(_DL#]D23+DWPVSL:3_[.0H
@;7%-+5TNM
MC@B&!G*:GKH1S!;`?'86=$2O_[(*\AS)K6
I
$P[N##0GL-JELZ7Y``U98^8




MCPW\0SF

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#0B
.4

DK2T__Z




M4QS_X?EVU\!VQ[`BN;#)^OV1UQED%
(









[FH=BJ:M@^1GT4+F2M/69T70

M9/;!*X-8TUWM(NBV





M``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!L.GK$=@
``*




M02#S/:NH'(F&U?!D*]J**KAM=X%L6D8+$U25012&:5!17OO(


:2^5^6S^UTM



@='@684&1FY*$$`O'L5UZ4!
MCM!G\WG@A=HO_#@=)9



MF-2D$

6@DB4/SL@MTC1W!BQY!!KQ^STT4:Y`=Z4[T)+@Q!;
MY\



&PE)?
!('6779!:]G5B=D0@Z[Q(V1S($
ML8W\T
FBASI'Y^GF[D`X-3A)Z#%4






C`;RF0+L)'RV4*_%'8++OMGMY_Z`GQ7J&`EV3;FA]Q]9KRJ

M@*
-T^:)6TJ

MY`Y!TT!

?CC=`RY_BM5R-&2/%B6'$.WPW4-Y7E99K-XX;^`


MB;9TJNTZX^RE4XVGQCG
5<%4Q=:L:32B<FOG3`3%



`4$L#!!0`!@`(````

M76^K1A!]K]3_@'B/89=OR_95#$I[I5:JJGX\$[RV48U@,2Y_[ZS#,;,DNX

M%K(2:_.':


M%Q/Z


LSS;_MBH:XN3$G:IIM5+<\&U!YXWIQ25<EL<PJ/@Y$&=4
$?LL


J$3A.L[3G1]E'A_Q\5RDA7<:U45(&87D48A+YWC6.'B!$!\?ZLYI(Y


Z)@#NN[[&D%`P_QKZZ`BU$\7P2.42KB

H#




U`R98!8QLIVG_








1=N/$CP*0

49_@/5%DM13\
MX




$!1B*D^#4
M?O+::'#?5IP$L]B.;\;Q*/7](6QAP:/L=Y7.KW(QHOL[_IK]$D/=Y-D
YG
MD\';&

M
MMKFB
!J:8KB


Q;*D?3
9Q
M
P[/XC@9
K
JEMITURNFQ5.J\PY@*F8TYBT(L(_Q]#48^S7Q(9T\5LO@T5



M='

2YX;6R45EUOFS`4?9^T_X#\7L!`($0A54G5;=(F3=
^GATP
MP2I@9#M-^^]WC1
9,V2%Q+;A^-SS[WV97G_6E?6Q62\29!V':119N
YZS9









M9-

!;E#]-]SJ+P```/__`P!0
M2P,$%``&``@````A`(E9KW'7`@``L@<``!D```!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H

2A51-JFZ3-FF:=KAVC`&K@)'M

M


MG$JA1*$=L'
*0H)!1LGB(T3%34`P]JN.D
2`AY[O_W/-=5AL/$B5
O]$&.
MMDSI!VXL

MGL2(

21-WB





M7'8%#KT`(]916?*N+O/[_=7,XRT(5U)6MFQ`K\RC6^6'S\L=E(]Z88Q@\A
MTP5NC.GGOJ]IPP31GNQ9!Y%**D$










M'+SUX
R^I05G@E72!3O/@)[GG'B)!TZK94DA`U5VAY
J10_!(D^0MUKJ^ORB



MW??

M/$8:]2PSFD-+X\2N9CX

M);;9SEMJ-/N6VMSY




8V#@OQ






M&^VRLF&U0Q82VO.PCL-DZ3Y`3;.39G.I05/%]JS0K0\GA$R'S/^N^IG%W6
M*+H+FFUC+H!WSX9GS[U4^(-D0@(5&I/H:OFPFIXGTD&@&P
DX11A8S3!2!--
M%=OG%!-&
'D[HPY:V5(H4AI,78&$W4M=?''@YC/)-LQQ*

/*]V.M=)I2P
M[M].J8.FE'&8]OZFW483FT68AG[BS9?96($CE*!@Z
:$
7H/HPZ:
49##0RC

M
$'48WVR;S\VNB@*2**AD:90AJ-04R\*+5X_MA$B7#GC3A2]_#IX.F?+XW
MM
?B-BSQII5;0`2\^)X2419M9$\7;
M;ECLN((!U1V6\#U88?U'!`7G*OSB=Z_^R^<]5\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(
M````(0`.B*NP&P

M;)266V^;
!B&[R?M/R#?EY
4M3]$(ENEU__+`Z</$H*TJ5!0ZM3%&E5+=T')E7M'2YAUM8:7DHB$*+L7.




4$LKSM(XC?^4\04[SHV9SJ?&F
MBNRDT*4`O($1(A\S_COK)Q0MUBBZIIM8VZ`]\`V(\LN%?@LF9!`AMY.HL43
M$G-C3!('YXUZVNRZ9@(33&%TZ3T]O7TZ(=`-\[&(IS686
T\#ED+)HJLFN*


[%;NC^_/GU+749HV):U$
MPU;N.U/NY_6??RR/0KZH/6/:`85&K=R]UNW\U2Q9S55
]&R!NYLA:RIADNY

7QG=[#=
=
M0458V*)\?V*J@$1!9A9$J%2(@S`IU-S7!J0'WKOH^\U/N5&\:S*/%#`KBS

Q#II8Q(T(N$X+Z_'\R-)1_+&*9QQU!3Y13==+*8X.


M
/`Y^(_'1#Y%C+S!*K\]-X1M;W9NADE



9OT]*[60R:]9)YE@55!/B)(YD?IF1B[

M')T7IW%G6AESTM=
[EC.JDHYA3A@FQ+`MCB



$%``&``@````A`!S4N1CK`@``-`@``!D```!X





M%SF;M2[07TKVXN3:$@W;?^6T_$Y[`M6&?5([L&7L44$?2O4(%CMGJ^_U#OSD


MGZ=-ZB=KYPEJ6APPMP8#QPGC30@'W$R6P




XF.)C'0'Y]'7K28A_/DWRZ^(^H
MO.&K%=*'A!L&GBG;HG=@N$2G$^1.8X^UK^%C%:DUOKDF'8[1%AO(\K1=Q



Y=/S!]5HK1^U:ESO9@JF2

`
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#E.#U0=@(``

M:&5E=#8Y+GAM;)146V^;
!1^G[3_8/F].)`0DBBD:A=EJ[1*T[3+LV

6
48



.(]4Y7HFQ+__+&Y

O2EQ:^VP(
2PEDMJ$C7P'K[4









ZL&W]!;96&(_&,+_TP.;3%*`%PK94\+-^[Q
M+[SZ`P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`^V*E;90&``G&P``$P```'AL+W1H
M96UE+W1H96UE



MM6)M85W?_-)UZ8+Q=
WP%
$H9UKKUUM7=G+Z!L#4

M+$6:]?Y&K9/1+(#LXS+M;K51K;OX`OWU)9E;G4ZGT4IEL40-R#[6E_`;U69]

AI/E]#:H?U^2CV'3#C;
M+85O`'RCFL(7*(B&/+HTBPF/U:I8B_!]+OH`T$&%8V1FB=D@GV(XBZ.1H)B
MS0!O$ER8L4.^7!K2O)#T!4U4V_LPP9`1WJOGG__ZOE3].KYD^.'SXX?_G3\


0

QPK

GD!:+=FD$?IF7Z0RN

Q*A!\2YICQ.IXI')61'.*(%0U^$ZNP3
C!7/A%

9&R;

M45*&'=`X+&(_D%

MF8D27UXGW(G?P9Q-
#%5!DJZ4ZDC&O]=V684ZK;E\*YLM[UMV

\S210*:D`XD2+N&\:(9+:6L\]/[*GC8;^AQB*X?$:H^/[?Z'LZ.&SD9
M(U5@SK09HW5-X*S
UJ^D1$&WUV%6TT*=F5O-B&:*HL
B_[J&:<E
7*
MDB):#QL




M=G1=2R83XJNBLPLCVG;V-2VE?*:(&(3C(S1B
W&`P?TZ5$&?
95PXV$J@GZ!







+:6






<Y.3S!`[%CI-]S;3`3'APF
W0[
MSSVBR72Z0AA

K^OT(G--1//=0A_;*Y8BV:]E
U5]HL2
MAX?
E=N*S!

I=7/*RWYL%X
37


B&]>DH_/+^7Q^-;ZXNKJ:Z].QKL




1^DUF7<^W+C`]
M5R!YP3?[^GXP8*)D8(;G11)



AZO!



(7`

J1#A]N4AK0FC$VZI?$*V2!ZF;`FP5*<8`Y(I-AQI/R.'D#(87[2Q?_Q/


?;(L)
MI)&
#L'.`.=#LN-IPTY]/1$$CR062M:AY8[EXA*\]JFXUKWV`8TNGNY^XQ4*

G1R=`=

MW@NW\=ZG(999
W$U:H.N;3'%QD-X
I@5Q;6M9E;?:\






111`CN^L@(
M^6A'\
S5U)H\AA&6E`@?[J6=BWB1421E_
T
/(P6%KHO?+1&H^+6Y-#]KY^*


1B
M4+S^&A\3#5$

5X^6:X;GKKT*_-#?

YR


M9@
SP'Z6?I1^DOG^M2(B@YFD)7?-!OH@
R
C5JSS*2*_^]??[@?%QVHR[8^&

;#_E_FU;'_='BP_^R'[Z;]


MR]]




&V]





J]8+KZOK6=%'J]CDW=%T!HQ+QOE&E]/FS=G1J[
W9U=G

:+%5QJ`@
M539Z6H2Q'?C:43PN89HFEEA\
@?_JQ@R:G+3A%!@=`.I)HC)K/^Q*OI#K*!9

M4O7ZL^*F[(;%C8-PEFZ+636Y9RO7




MK^0^=7`W]-]BZD:DG

M!YV7!R\[+U\F8)ZV[%$/^J
Y4*K2N^O]8=$MQWV4;!-M[ZL93J\DH9P
P7B+

[9J$?S-(SS?W
/%
MI

7]T=?;N?*7W1
@QNJ_
B77=^3^.
MKA6]=&?_LXE5!2N2Y-MR6DSQEUI2\-4F`'T
:X1++;T1BTAKX9H;.G&@P'
M%_?EY


T-8O'
M




M=D'Y9JB6^NRVF_V]S+%\UP
Q\


/YK


MU\1O$R:


M(&%&=K]2)%)@'DSM4J.-MJ4(

M)EE_2\&:!]6#5:\?



LJW5C9LWI4D&


YMNF?)IQIRKRX4F3&+Y?*E?+;!#3X\\IH

N[K^93LI_3
MEO;*7^D4&+SI:-#ON963T;YPC\Y_8)Y3=YKQ*U0SM733M%B=;SH?S:IBB\@Q

8`JF)(T5Z4




M-/K$



;

8+=
MIJT

6R*
M;HT]Z%F]CY8.T6--N%&\CBK/W:C,QQBY1L/QB(/I\I2@9T!$)HQ%_K**U2
M:(!&0HVBY%O(+UUC=(^JM=Y)@DN[
+4\8DM05:B+WFS0%3&T3HV/*;!]:E
MV81
;;TYU(N)DO*@

.@582L%$T^(.UI$G8E8F^;T2=EHL]LE
M*9I/!2TW$]%=VIP2%?Y7B_&V

1





!O1GX@7L78LMWU?=`=5DTQQ636BRY9D[JU9'@7`/

C4)J0C]%1?9GZ
D4FJ2R5

MC:T9-].-L%Y87RWUYK@LT7N98F17U*OHE4PNPA19&F)'33^Q'_%T2E^XO

B
M\_M0;C)1+2T8






ME5[QIH_CW7I;PE:SJ/O2;OH
U\Q[70X_8*
M01#=Q
!.4!U10HJ@OSD5@
!*
+'(;5H
M7J+V5SN9F5]Y9AP'#U],R'M2^<*G7'A3'E1H`G0%\^W][S[5A1^'OMCI;=2






M@-]

'G?V=WZDNFS[BF7<P

+3

S*2(VQ.+_X
I6:C6;U%?RC@=1$0T&



MI@@N!:XN&D'U7F

E*;T
B96P


32P2-3X


VGK8V'
MV0XB4F4:$/#

JB4D

MI`&[3)TU/=J

5^G`.FTC9UPLCG31Y

M&*5Q%E9:6`64Y(2I

1Q4T!S`(]#9OVB?)@`DU'
M3X@G1CT?6X.&XG?Z?FKYLA__.U_-7^Z6#CP$YB9]BY=70!1`*


M#I5.]6I*#X4C4=N;_R(=;8%^


M&U$^'
)!95-*QVD$-Y/I-[SN/BOQC?H;OV5)M2SJ#6\D!=+[;]4JMM+:[C


M;E'Z#%
V4CG&T'AB9C


K'BV













0(@_:
MT2

WMV3[^SIIZOY:
MGLE?[#-TWW)W([0R;&_0QR#%7=N0P.#B'M)::)3!`U'TH]#`V;#A9Z@F/`?9
M8#)C'6B]$WY$W!ILSQY'SL'3HF%MQ_?3C-!\@K-T#4DOO9[W8HW0N0%4GRI


9C
MP'TI
!*-


MT
7Q7C)!`-_.J?)0;1AGI&H$?@4
W_%;^BN;]DK06LUC5D3JZKOX*
F\'M
M
5?+Y%]!.V71.)UB2$/@C,JDC+1X4_@ZI:#KF)N3)]QKXBJ_1MF&:)_1Y;X
MO756])`;CFD\RU9VLIW?L$UB20A':RFY%S0Q?]-35]Y+6)*.&&1LUN+7^8D

?5D=*:(QZ[\0AH_4:-EW;C
M%=

M+-'+A`V6S$;1PLE8RRRY%`.^;




HP!^3-


M!RF-Y@]ZCQT




WZ=!6*\V(8K]E/.P[@NH5,KQ3I6I.P3T8:-_FR!?9[<B44-(]JX<0]&=)O

M5[]_=OCLZQ^^ZU+K--5WSS?UMO3+Y)3DLH^XTG'2XAPM_7X$?O3T!B(!ADU@

M)HZZ5S9CK6`(Z







M
=KE!*:*.@D3B\?;8ZE#6BLYPQED6M?J&BB5.J[
W7YIF]KN:GPM;9G:SGUC







8K*XB.5^Q`$86^

^7FD=G=\_F\X1+R5IQC

M:_%F!.#(/*6U'5I;]UJ?%VJ=UC^M3UV+,F%XDMX+G)KDW[BTA@O$OLNO[6
MC._Y/

_.]Y5?06:974Y(6@?UB_T?E$=?(O%9^Z*99K.Y24
M@=

W+3T1L2WP;Z3?MX`L*3V/%?G@=/7;+N^FNVH9^LY*WV;I:
MKGD!A^ZT=P.*O3^9T%LIM?``&Z2((MU(
UT46W#.LK)TVIF`Q+0DM43;BW
M



8:74ZRS+1MX])(*:3.R*H25W

*]R&3<D%^]*'Y?.%A<:63LVK[4E#XB!.[BQ.[\'9SZM?DFD/*^VFZUV)*
M*QQM9B%+*FM]ZQO32$M23.<#W6608_7=MC-^LR\@R06DZ.T4CU5#H\W4NYG



M-/L14^P587P:8DZ])79C0F\@9@%G:\K;Q3XJ#RAPW-_X4UXSI*I]%?6+QI2*

6:PG&

M`J%J==F4WJ^C!4YY4!*!/




_FA0,OJ*;VC1DP
M[=H%N/`T31.:%PC:&$57<NSPJO.'H50F2%-%);8/0&1-OIHEG+'2K*II@_#`
MK;760'=H'I'/#(N12
PF09&TC.OK4M&Y495OU43;L8VB9B3\!F8O*L\KY2
M,LK,^QCY7(KI9?(=_?

-A-CB@T-VHWJ!]+Q
MS9X!OW'.



8


MF[:1]0S44QME?1;!8





)P&$K3(NX0G


(?UF_F_N[FKHY[=IV9Y_[



MU41%@RYD/
4U45!HK?-LE_*^IFQ1%;_2RFNA6
IJ16DG432]O)XPZE6O+L7
M[*#;/VET-S1K6QO;.\FLZ28/?,L%W92$#GIFMP^Q)O(7-VSNG^NZQ@I62CO






M(/OL:SKA)=%@3/S$L=TPE
AEPE/[@'DT9[V3V\$LTQ5!^1'%_/_8.]?=N([L

M)9CP-J%CXW#OG3':(

1'E3-R(^4!AK9#.J?$CT
WK&)T8G!S2U
F%5QT99\4


MY)GG:`!.$D5..%



G4N.W0Z$LCS\P:8E
M&ZX_BW.N4^=&%Q?=]


M[/LO;]B.$+3HHD#MR-QICRZ3]K]]PW:CX1+Q8)Z@ES)_C9\IG'!)-7(H;8W=

M`0


(


MR^$YM^J6GUK6(_6O2'
50DF::D0AJ6WUQ
:0B
1W(:XJ7$S*7G;4JCT?F(


3[K%;

MM9M3]+Z06G
#UG!$OHW9_-J2:Z3SO1I_$KWTZO)T&(H)-U*FBXG*Q.;I
GY%
M








M


%;]/BS^;($]'M
U^5)E[X+O8_BFB8`

MWB22SG_QY#PY;V%5H:G0=Q0;


$D$2-'`Z5&)J9BON#235_1
M1BRJ^;^U)?B:S96BQ1271C+0DB@P2A]
8-PLMR7

M

M'-#.@%

3V



B'T
]W[E


SQMW7HGP5PZ2'.=[!;'SC3V
M2FB],LHMB[1R5&-J1@3=?Z;
$Y[

MC^$


MH&


1@[3L]@8;$PD@X+@P3P0UH2M+(@U;!5


N)_84C0
M(R=D$J62PV8;O+8
`Z2


7FU

$\Q;'3E


P.@O6.2KDO[UX^J^#-T3`!B?T+I\A

^





MU2'%T%L'HWK-59R
H_WVSUNXMW;W&O0-845L7Z_FCY
-@JH:/B]-
K@OYI8R9Y\^+]7;WBH#&CC)@I
MJPO2']C/]$SZK@6N.[4;%Y)-J8












MT%$)



%%3FLK?J\U

A^+VQ2$[A4N&$W%B)
M(@9&;3DR#MV*_AW1%*2FV
OF'3R_8&0C!#0SN^HC+!Z[?7J::BV%'@C23OC)41906%\!'+







M&37O:
T:\1`5D7N7/YY

_V9BHE-A0




M%





.N$_@(41N][__OFW+U^;_?/;?7X4
M/T]%V.8C%:)`*C*[P
XG(EQY1PK]@Q5J_4YYY#E1]MJ
MMK3IP`7_P)+Y%L)#TW.#OACNP4OW!KA271G1TH:;T#79:?-1VG=;:LJ5Q


M6-1]IN84WI-`

%=0JZKS@8
\8&E\/OM!/$0







\LSO;`3[XU#U*4'3'B
M=J38S?.H;DG)S)KCJ^?_TOTI7%W[J+RP%0X%0N8ZH6.](_\;O:BNFOW`S(

MQN#



MSP3/BQ6D#.'$]G]



A?HS'9M$\`OH:&ZS7V9)




%U*8
MA\1FN8XG9]:?








MY1P'!\


M\Y

M&-2U40Y2K4O\T
M^U`AR6OKXR

``RN87/2[WG_
M1KEZ0T


0J5J@/Q1-U=
V[8C&PRKYC*
M3`M.V8C`B)?H




M5!!K

M
K&G7J
6OB&^+&W#!`K
MS?9*$\<1E]E*:PXP7(_\$Z_:1%C2B!(\B4Z9:U2QIE<-(!#3#M17$PH@UWI

\F?H@WZ1BD0(D_R3VAO0;.YWTLZ92[0``$P1(]
M






M\NR#;`:-'!63&ZQLQU#=N9)VI'QWAI





M%)0-$4K5)SDJ:O#86\V!LR+S5.+Q3GX
X
%#'C_9\GR%+1%PS'F0)6Z)?WK
MU




(P_C
M*4D\7(T4CLGC8A:D
LQ


][
M(M/O8EH__&?063;?@I]M.NWZ\:FR.F<1#IC6WM'CA::0-KMU^$9/3'JCSWU
'ETPC$''^

WL=NR?&?K\%
*YBM3WLDQ/FS6I35O_3^T?G0J'XV





M#`X+!5A]960R869C$89J


3TQ?C5TB[T&6%G%(_#5!
M5?8D$`M-:C]!R6]



M#+6S!))H^
C43

M!1\FSWH



MTHD_TK


MDG]UR3$4/U0'YQ55I=4K[F_LC%P#KG])+C?\/@=+?MQKNN
:CG0$2J%XN&@5







K\YXCD$-EN
6%-=9N/X?/3)?_XZV/$HO#Q8\A*'5*73PH.)8]AWF@TB
M7]R%@U[AEN[QDDX:W3H`RP






KR)I!K-_)FVE9B70.BQMP













MEJ1

@&='#'T\71*
W(O<+*(
4+^@L5D2I19N#DS$%TDR



76E0#@:.)





D.
RH\
M



Q(6Z\:+W
M8U6S%#&COA

+*9
MK_5M4I\[V(0&]J4QK00:#!(_OF[A.'XV`..LF$MW!

*F7!TK./7<JJ`:;+6AI!&B#Q=M[@S61



M(90.)5[96-VZA-9C79E#D0+H


M+4(@[4!D%MX=?Q2-A0M5G@!W.N60Q=
FH-C*92HH2VNZ!2



M*E0.F*F'7+&\=XD&92R2HW8;C44)MJ=*$J5;EPZE2=.'SY[Z1+9#`VC#$4M*
M`;^8LF%;

;F@PB=-4XVNZ)O@\^'6K(\NNP*G
MU.T0K2AU$A-V%53*(^)=NBSZX:OSFTX##

MWL[E@T^]M+7
D%+R

'^QMZC09P^E1+^`K-[
GY_F92+K?7ASI_\

]Y?#'7O!)K7)^20(A$L]H
3Y^*SBK:&Y6]QC]V^





M@74$D-:'9//'AELX%0M?UZ`SV0@QF407'78?)Y?\$6K$)*D(S-'Z-?EGL3
VY)
MN#






M993KBHX82Y'+VP17.*4;[B2Y@J-Y.4T&J%V4J
D?$PD@Q$CURQPX(V5$X50J
M!

%S*6O_08W`/46;YS6&G
/1@4K8FT6_@-OLGP&1ZZ[1]^2(-1A5
[(J2%!


%6Y+*AB1

MS

M\/#SY!*0/

#
M8KFL3W2@%_&Y$_X0`.$/\3XP!E--X7:X@5E62[(ON*X*+$\^\?YVI)_8E7

2_NV.KE
=4MR\LX-%
M=4B_/3X;9%L4HCGE`F()BC$!@K(X:OR:[5\^9^#2FZXQ%
/:@2`7(HFX*L!\



M)PB





M
MB05+-D[UOFVMMO$V'`6L1LLS.O&786#+1H=#B:]+[['EX0/8;]6A)KIN

$D5C8:2WQW




D



M!.!X-

MQ(:!%A2B7(#X+WOJ2+I=Y#-.1
_?NRM(TFL-R

MI#@


1PDE





H_0X+@Z=!3KM$5?$;:_;=D;S)VU,UUWGLX$W9GU
MJ&@3.F`NK8U2:,5YU!BV(*[Z
OI*%:G.S_DT5CV]5#)*/ILFWZ`M98.&EOU


M_P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#K+$UR&`





M!?2'X`

U)\(RV&M&&=Y`IL*7V4TJ^%_!=
]L]F/Z@5^


I

E):BJH.2S'TRH-


M
=-8:\E07D



1IVF69EEV1CBH
0'EECRZ

WDF-HY1;6
!:=I_O]_P
M33P78AOZD



MRF[1G*HC7-DV[:'LX6/[O.Q.;55NAIL.^R5-$KD\E/4QQ@CW[908S79;KZM/

RBU@17IA]YN?GZIN#1F%
M,`LJ=*1ULP<\#

#

3B3A(3'W.E=$7*E76VR9&AP0L+




(:%626HR?2:W;#M$;!%'E/8+!@.9ZGV:G



/'/!WAEG%P)[`E!KNP*/
M'IUE)0/:MQ(16HG!O+^5

45J357DSS7-AC-8
-Z*7VS

M*0P&G\T3QE(G1Z;S


_AN%'MN(#&4:SO/U.&1J%+OOGEX

-LT_=L'_:7!^<N<Q_\!``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!J
MTG/]U0
``'4



MMSJ_QZ[.NJ?G=I;+N@6+;5F5_=M@ZGMUOOBQ;V27;2N(^Q73+#][#P]7]G69




JT@HR0`O@LDA#Z%O`VGQ1$[UW@&(D=.*.A4XVM2&\I+#9XT93M

8YIR&Q%.E7$A'.&+P(+#=;__6A:;*-1-/H:-*
Q:#R)D0MF
MQNF`/H9E
;'/


MFS`0AN\K]1T0]P$#@4`4LMID=]M*K515/5P[8(*U@)'M;';?OF





M@8@
+JXFZ`!^PQ.L59T<+%@W,*5JL
MEJW!.<^

E&2

W*'


M3&DNZQ2'7H`1JZG

(VU(G9%*UBS%;TSC^^7'#XN]5%M=
F80
M
-0ZQ:4QS=SW-2V9(-J3#:MA)9=*$`-#5?BZ48QD[291^5$0Q+X@O
:.8:YN



M@I#7]G_/

O


ML&VC^[`N_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`




S)BTC4(-D`
M<QL9ZNAB_2Q4B%&0/`F6G0[E#E%PR,_;?FT[6^,-/(T;3##&$!D1M@B1I#7


\!X



ME*(.&A#:Y7FV/VJSH011'PU9G^BWLY-)L#L/V]G:Z=LD.M:`FG02!ZI-K;4&
M


M'A`X


)OJ]G

M:&5E='

2YX;6R
E5UOVR`4AN\G[3\@[FO\D;AQ%*=J4G6;M$G3

XAZQNGF2''KDV0O4E3J(8(]XS
M58F^*?&/[_=7XR,I7U%.]7S$C]S@V_6[]^M#DH_F)9SB\A-R5NK1V6A!C6
]M
M


XQ6:]\?GX*
M?C!O?B/3JL

MX2







HZN`4J'=R




O
M/^U;RMNAKA?_!G*S]K]PX5\0W)&.2V%`W*N,GH9\\)=N*T7A4$(I!IMQ@N

!(\9FT&+(-=9(5V%'Z)-%/A7P%D]V+

(W$\B

@BA._D4E/*G



W#
#:C&!.SMXAL3(1)G(PUMCB_XE

Z$&[&US(TZ5U+(P'LCYSNAES%-_ZH/28IYSB,F
M'2E69'@9SM8I]A?S+C\_.=OIDWND*[G[I'C^Q!L&R88RV0)LI'RVZ&-NI^!E

M]\\C+YHD89+^6\5WCKH`[X@AB[F2.P2;!M;4+;%;
)R!\B$RYZ./]4^A0HQ6
M9&E5

MM6*K8+VMW`1H]]ZBLW4OB?B(#)Q`AJYW8N$



^/Q

$?JMQ%OPL#MZ^D%FX/_.*LDN/U;B!SM])71_$)#N"+P);ERSWA


4S`)JVZ@;P-UK

X#.=&%-D0$2;S9(C0-
:ZQFEM-:UQ?YKS:C

]
];#Q1O.08#O
M4(9H


M-2YX;6R

]#T
556\:5B6\D[ZR&:M]2?].(WIQHDMV#




(Y&C-C5T)A\2(;8U5

MRRR!^OP[
TC)Q3R[H$4U`:ZL2LFXVE&=E!=M3


M3QO&V5$L0
Y!H^.8`R=P0&F_S7*(0*;=:NAQ9S^334Q\V]EOVP3]G=
K5SY;
M_




M($0Z*13Q.A%XO^+WWN
BRTX$WCL1XCWLY*D3@?=!Y+

MSK0^16C6Y8\
I1=.-Q8)&]9O307*R*J-6*LZ&B,F.ZG
U]\(A[1ONC8%#
M1#3WQIJ.QH@A$D\1FGL/R74Y
N-:`GWIHO0/F7$8;25L&.T0



+H#C,*82QS0S`$/GB

MGC1XK



2S6%0U85I^Q&TIU@G7$DBK7$0/RZ
MX;T^L@DZA4X0=;_K9U2*'BBVO.7F:2#%2-#E7=U)1;8M^'X
SO3YY1KJ1
M^Z^*E]]YQR#949;@*V4]Q9Z5]I7L-E_L?MV*






M_P



MRQ+9D96I6/`3J^#*GM=EVL!A?;#$J6;IKKVI+QJV[Y5IGEE8H1E?4\,OM_G
M&7ODV;ED58-!:E:D#?+8WX2UVAE=D^X







3(I5LF(Y_1QT3[4!!V91VP]:V-!
M$`'[$$$A@TK_O'?R)I4P<(:5(R%JD#`N@L'@%:0C`6^%P3V.]GU5<)Y[Z18
M)2
3
M1T9&X440T]&0M(9'OA(%\U2R^^I.WJ02!HZ6O!@U2.CYOC]\/UJ'




MF1YJO
LTBF;-G).H?)^:)F0Z3@)G8B:*!C/U=IYT84:*88TJG391/BC%6Z-$





M52:IZR3RMR+)GH8-W5#^ZH;UUKM:\_Q2K7Q/NZ9N)W]-N_-W5[7SZ\;5_H:R
3
MOV9]AW5)36JN+`$YR*;I09M:
\==_8=N*?VTIS=KYHK_S#K:AQRQ&OFD*O_
MTV;!W6
.AO*_7
.^F'[9PY^S1[$6N-=O751N_A5A=;



M6C%'^=:`+9YZ4!@FPC2)0HA#2$)(0\AR$,H0NB$T`VA%T(_A$$(PQ!&(8Q#
MF(0P#6$6PCR$10C+$%8AK!WPD-&/A1&0\;4ZBLB
V:H5G+MXXT9P8APJV-D




M0*:0&60.646D!5D[8I7&W*Z'U$;*MJOC5*D-LQA;T,B2`Q)(DD@^20`M*!





M1!J3)J0I:4::DQ:D)6E%6GODEXV:4SNB;
HI.*]L2O*&%ED9DCD$\N)BDD)
M*25EI)Q4D#JD+JE'ZI,&I%I1!J3)J0I:4::DQ:D)6E%6GODUXB:1#NB1LHY

M)DU(4]*

MRD@YJ2!U2%U2C]0G#4A#TH@T)DU(4]*

NI*_MCTE\%3]I0-




W;(VO9
;*-

AK

)I4HAR)2
M3$I(*2DCY:2U%U23U2GS0@#4DCTI@T(4U)

)$]5!
2DAI:2
E)

J0^:4`:DD:D,6EFI)FI#EI05J25J2U1W[9'#=;T^!LC29O

MKQ$UXW3X54M#3U`Y
M.,7H.35(;<WM%1EB(=Y4VFU5K!+%QLHVSOE+FDH:&441DI
M)Q6:JGHGG()Z6^]P9JJAR79%FQ1IDBDR]5RF?EX+)I-B&V!Z(6&:E)39ACIS
M,+^5VP3N?#2^$5TW`24^B)7
`%E2)8X4V!!';1ME-FHB!1K:MJ)SX11*2DC



E9(RD\NFSPWM35]X

MN;;

M;5)$BC6Y@RC4E)&RIFK\*+\OCCNEJW)6S9#?FD%(U7;1NU*BQ1KDC'(16

BNL:*G]:;:5T

B
M4DQ*2DI(^6D@M0A=4D]4I\T(`U)(]*8-%-23/2G+0@+4DKTMHCOW;DO/+.

24DK*

M4;NAA123$E)*RD@YJ2!U2%U2C]0G#4A#TH@T)DU(4]*




DVY


2D@I*2/E

M49)WHP&*&!63$E)*RD@YJ2!U2%U2C]0G#4A#TH@T)DU(4]*

MRJ0OF*M#ZMJ&;OK@AK1GHTSZ/G
-2$/;T$T?=

M9J-

MZ_`-D8M=E-FHR))MB



:US25K]

M0W8`;Y
B4DQ*2DI(^6D@M0A=4D]4I\T(`U)(]*8-%-23/2G+0@+4DKTMHC

MI#%I0IJ29J0Y:4%:DE:DM4=^V83/0?9_

M
:



-E33

MXU'1A\B5



=3OT#O=&LX:VL:VDG-2)


I:-



M]I/9;AMRFI57X\')=-N0.B\_D[%$*EWN;2JRU:YOU#\+4K&D?GZC_GF
JB4U



?VX_CC?P0```#__P

N`O_:C^[;A]67Y^._=U^S=O/X=*1PS^B.


!

*2B48`=Z=/Z^#:=7UY._*=W7RN8.

M_
X[SF0+;A*Y('9!XH+4!9D+<A<4+BA=4+F@=D%C`








(LMI&N
M2R6RLA50I!H:5C&B!%&**$.4(RH0E8@J1#6BQD*V_\3V_1W^D[M]TN/
NO-4





M=U:$*%8HU$%

M-V+:B*
?
:(0]!'RYDZ$8F5%'^*O
YXWFP:A\V`DK*13/D64
3K97ZZL?)K[
M^E'YOG

M7RL4


M02)$L4*T/)Q(D`0;IH@R1#FCJ^[9\;W@\LK9@Q5LHL=9(JH0U0J='GIC-;0#


MD9;/65XN3\%T-KL

M09:GUN


M#RA2**`

MCZ6VXEFB.FL0]=`@!IX]\[;MR(KJ^51D_]J]_JAXIZSBTD9
7&YH)3(.Y9;*

AB^*XU_WM%!Q



+]]((+LK*B
M

3K98WU6CPUK=3W:

M/E?H]*ZZ4%;&KKID+2U?
=+RM4+BH\]3W!UQPT[+CH^HK
VUY8VY3!7BQG(=
M2/3&H8BR


M4(U3^=8%2#_8D4+6I2M3L\;6JEK*7E

M%7IK4NJ]10^['2!1S/UZ@%1):`;(K!+EG['%E\;=QT4BD4#]LS&P]BLK58P/
MKQH@GF)_F4*G^\N5E5.

MBNQYQ7@@9)PMM41&Y;U45@:*$


]
MT(M';U7+


MC]2Z*Y

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$V+GAM
M;*R<76_CN!6&[POT/P2^W\3ZLIU@9A83BU]"Q3%MKWV.,[$V0.;
_.[K_O
MH4B*/'PU3AQ


/GUT]__]N'[;O_[X6&S.5Y0



MD/YIN][O#KO[XR6ENW(GBF.^OKJ^HDR?/MQM:016]HO]YO[CY'-QT\WFDZM/




7[U!)


/YZ#U*:P!1BT@@

ZHT;TQS.JM1UDUS+/E($:%CBTB@4@B


M7A:N8W(IM+%C+`N(DABE$&E$!E''$)?(6JM4HE=6!.?$6%FDYJQ_F%X6@%I$



HHXAID]YGJ/L
'1ZPJP#ZV&40240*D49D$'4
\3'G
MCO+]MJ)$M^E15A;9OMPR1L6R``
J


C5A=H-S%*()*(%*-R#J&.)CML8NKXMW&(O2


M`FH1402D4*D$1E$'4-\S-;%G3%F9_K8F+T/I(^X*5'GNY/E$!67`T`HR0B
MA4@C
H@ZAI@







)UN<`^*+<U9+RQ@5%?6YXGHM?!3M)KG&9</^BG
Z]<FY@M:_I@J^LN@YN\ND
M\BA._K(&U(2'M'D!_4D1BE$&I'!7!V+XF.V_O6

=OPSQYQ,LCWULAZ@P



M$J
4(HW(8*Z.1?&ZL7XUKQO[9_TS%C;(KOJ/.)%D[G*93-$Q:)QR&X#U8*
@MP?1D;C77)Z<3J4[NGXJ`2UB`0BB4@ATH@
HHXAKH7UW;D6[_N24N
M
M?*J'0S3X6#[U+#/+2]^1231T#*4H

M@_.H9_D3?XP*)]5&%#NB90E1)S;90D@TCPJ1CNC$X8R/8D_2X+2[F(M&P_4\

W(%9E\^S$

B5A]<0Y9XERVHQK9JLBB4F5XATR$17[[#$
MPIW'AAWO**XKLIYMKK8'^&*XW.2NA_5<C]:]+39?]TL-X^/AXOU[IO]P2S:





MI#5YR;$6TIKV.L9:2&OZ/L%(2T%]
MZ




'3_./I=PR^[(_T&(3DC


`V_9%)5S,KRJEN

@L$PF_D\F^XK6Q)(J7S
#^=2$:?62KDBET
M%5

MG^^X3L!1H'']!3(ELH0-P-.I!)8&.




M1%L[@6G_TS`AN7\.U.YJ+53\@PX9RY./&5GJ'TQLH'S@`DF#8R^]FL!_W4X
MM/D9-I)
2G-\@?QH_^]I\P\``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`.PC&[PW(```

MV]^BF^-D\O;]KQ^:`=H_W/_][/W]YOG+X]_9T\.G^N'[/8TVV4E9X/?'QS^5

M@*1`





MZ`@7+H-PH6KH)!PX3HHY+R3V4]E_*XP8/.+6A11P]=/V##5L2?R`8=
8ZQ
M$:






ME?*XPHY*7

05%M09#!:)!IV+

.Q%#4KM@?L%
V5.F%*VRHLQ'

M-[BS

DZOJOA:'IIKX2

MG5
F5


M)E19@2M


:B6YT$:B2Z5MM-Z*IF019TIS*[5


MHTW
@K[+7Z\A5J[+M:HEA
M-!`!4QL!WM!)^ZI$P^63LGH84V9WD)KT;D0-K7$0BLZ'AM--H1#TW+;V
4Q

D0YH@)1B:A5.:(9HC6B!:(EHA6B/:(-HBVB':
M(SH@.C+$O4+E.GRO.'][M*M3(\SZ&K%G6F6X$$U-1690[05;9PE*)4BRA#E
MB`I$):(*48UHAFB.:(%HB6B%:(UH@VB+:(=HC^B`Z,@0=PB52+G(4R^QTV6


M-S_W#'*'9S2L%?&GO`'


2FD1LO)2-4*3#%8TZIO
M(_7\+2C7F&]

MVO`


7#CP^56KIHOJ3)1_;.YI=X^M82(

::Y[8[N_2*,5MMOIN+;44+9)JGNS)





D0YH@)1B:A5.:(9HC6B!:(EHA


M29HK'
*D?GR'T

M

MZ0J'


MWXCSA./!HGI0-RF#JI=CI`E!*
M$66(<D0%HA)1A:A&-$,T1[1`M$2T0K1&M$&T1;1#M$=T0'1DB#O$=;E(E1P7
M-WL,\J<#1#&B!%&**$.4(RH0E8@J1#6B&:(YH@6B):(5HC6B#:(MHAVB/:(#
MHB-#W/HR\?C*=(#9Q4&;)/1.CWUQLVOJI-QTT%:T*$&I%%&&*$=4(H158AJ

M1FB#%&.J$!4(JH0U8AFB.:(%HB6B%:(UH@VB+:(=HCVB`Z(C@QQZU^72AQ@
M*M$@=9/4)9/ZXH[\U$DYAS`)Q^8WK)H,=()2*:(,48ZH0%0BJA#5B&:(YH@6
MB):(5HC6B#:(MHAVB/:(#HB.#'&'NZ[.
#LHD%BN^ANE^N;#4[*.81)2[H;
MW`E*I8@R1#FB`E&)J$)4(YHAFB-:(%HB6B%:(]H@VB+:(=HC.B`Z
L0=0J7X
M+D\G#'1&T$\W&\36!\@;QBB5($H198AR1`6B$E&%J$8T0S1'M$T1+1M$:T
M0;1%M$.T1W1`=&2(6_^Z5.(`4XD&B?5!/KC@I-QT8!*._OH`*

M1%0AJA'-$
T1+1`M$:T0K1%M$&T1[1#M$1T0'1GB#J%2?%=
!SHCR*:#-DGH

T1+1`M$:T0K1%M$&T1[1#M

X;

T1[1`

N6N2%8!=@ZP#8M8T

MRP+NH[*)_C;TY]Q'YR0]5[D=&N2R4E.#U#U7[^+%#=$8*R:(4D194'T?9B?H



4&4(LH

MQVH%HA)199#Z\/HN3OLU5IPAFB-:&*0^//7B]+#$BBM$:T0;@\S0=.EGFH9#

Z&*0^O+Z+.#^RBMS7KLO






M*5;($.6(BK-J2U:!#X[

OK@]

T0[1$=$!T9XM:G$R-;ZW_Z
MY0$CI4FL:AJ)4X'(@$Q-1<]]8D0)HA11ABA'5`J$56(:D0S1'-$T1+1M$


M*C*':O:)3!!J111ABA'5`J$56(:D0S1'-$T1+1M$:T0;1%M$.T1[1`=$
M1X:X0UR7)*#$)S@$)@F
%+
^24HE2+*$.6(D0EH@I1C6B&:(YH@6B):(5H




C92



J+E)?LHI\L-1.]_+][
1LC+W]K$'

M%O1]S^CRZ'$2NE]7?'J%

M
$CXHUPA;$7G?+%%D?==:LOHYR@\R\

MMF*CGP^C/$3\U$([P;.%0=P'Y4\
3FU%YSFQ1?2S%C;PDI;IYWN3T^G5LCI
MR@RB;]Y;5;E!WK`65DK_WDSGW4!,&73S(=/GB;D\%WV0Q03/&481&YHNSZU



MA:A&-$


T1[1`M$2T0K1&




M^JZ&U-:G.O1BXE`=&FOZ`F6@9$!C36\O#9706-.;+4
E72IIIA'H`=6AG^$)
MU.E3'?K1E5`)C37]^D:HA



MJR5NU
L`L


M
K\_OKP\?FO^_')_]^G^20F0\.?'QQ?[#]7`WX]/?S:+]:__+P````#__P
`





.(C]K!GFE8\MVE)^N


M6&;W^=N-6=



M#S
%#TL?5CZL?=CXL*V`


H7
('/(





M0U!V=#D2DB)23$I(*2DC#4A#TH@T)DU(4]*


M
2DAI:2




M1%Z14@EABU3Z^.!]N]AO%*W*A`%;!618E)2DD9:4`:DD:D


MR\S^57'A$9!4D2*20DI)66D`6E(&I'&I`EI2IJ1YJ0%:4E:D=:D#6FK26$


#*2%I(@4DQ)22LI(`]*0-*-21/2

M2#$I(:6DC#0@#4DCTI@T(4U)




MD(:D$6E

MD!218E)2DD9:4`:DD:D,6EFI)FI#EI05J25J0U:4/:*E*S;Q[Q.V+V#\UU

2D@I*2
-2$/2B#0F34A3THPT)RU(2]**
MM9M2%M%.B&.*\.V6(:U5FR]$D!*21%I)B4D%)21AJ0AJ01:4R:D*:D&6E.




M(CW[YBJ].OOFB/9+SWN:\W^O8&[)_AROGOAW[%3MG(Y'Y!4D2*20DI)66D


24DK*2`/2D#0BC4D3TI0T(\U)]*2M*M21O25I&:??E]

_J&Y+A18



ZO*0DPI#3BH
EJIA`$5M=(Q)B2
=

ME)0=RUVQU?6.WVG9RKUBIL;2T?&K$3\YJ6#)H9V3*NFUVE[F]FVKRNTL`2ET
M].Y0[VQ=OKO$[2R1:U
6!V-24E(9JH;_JW%2VTJ6$E-?E4*UMZQEY3`22QVX


M.\:DA)2^:?A

M


M\)GJJ(-E3DB/%9^_JJE9-*J9JUWG8L\R?H@$)+/SDPLF-



M9?[JIB]H-7OF-EF.%+1:/7//*;?(#:72IV[+M03DNC8@?=G2K]T2R!93I^3K


M\P+%WR#]^#\!````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`!9[_Z@@*``#L+```&0``




M?NZVD^_MH=]T^]NI?^U-)^U^W3UM]B^WTS__**[FTTE_7.V?5MMNW]Y.?[7]







M_IQG+#WI][+!)M*1?M4I/2W5F;'27AO&2K_*\9-C74A/^KULK#XETG!._A]U

-F+LA=4+B@=$'E@MH%
MC0%F)
NH#6V;OT
;'H9KHV;UH(`6*W$4!;*)7-![H+!:4+*A?4+F@
8`E!
M6Q^$8)0LI^N0R@GN117'RHG8GNB#M*'M.B:.8Y*.)J
80'(@!9`22`6D!M*8

8DU=UHN
M:^Z\M
;)-=E?F,\DV+(
RNMPM'EM%HE`5(#J0`4@*I@-1`&I-8LM`5UI+E


M5
`





`8Y)=VT5`5&*B62D7R?A4[-JY23CE
KI$?4J#@B




HN60%;1DHYFT0+'

*HE$B:#M
H\]77&'/C7;D:V
M%!BI5$@6&^9Y(7/N72J,5LW/:9&HL0?E*.GS'
Y/Y\M@[G=
MQ4MD9PMS=YERU,IDLDUCH(%B_7*B&Q1P8VBI-QTI%(A$2F(P]C9K17&J963




Z

MCZ:+W8-$])QPK)*(
D0YH@)1B:A5-J+&1KP=MJ5XLH'G;[A4]-`]&A6WK(

B8
M8

M%:(:46


M(JH0U8@:]ES=IO>\SN!87
M;GB$1.(S//%UU*X]O+1IN]WVDW7WSC^QH]2ZNQFQ^/[O@?$/`(?;?S@2T)&A




M$





QFN.Q*LJ@*5[K\MJS(&UYR7N8


MKY?^]^8]*:O3N8?'[4)&)#'_\#THNP(4A3`SVR61BN8$X_6EV1T@!%\F\;
MW8:!JT-_WNB.-W
<C]E^,.*
M^\%5C/A8AK#.Z%3ARAW=F;UT+?='.:ZX(URYH_78B!;4$!V2_//09`U6$[3$
2)A-CHH`(74P1)Y
XU4$W
YT1VW@;4Z%(XGF^P'DT$
1$)$(D1B1!)$4D2R*9$T@?T
:4)V
MY4\N'!(&UAXH/PC@6*XLP8X9.1^I-)@
*B$2(A(A$B.2()(BDDV)I!((@E1R
MG-FXA3^\PY!(5B1X(X11]YTU.H9C(1;@$B(2(1(C$B2(I(-B62+O`H)5T^


MV+!-3_;/I5P?X6`DZB-)$8D021%)&/$HE.4)&]U'_7A$:111%HH@I&`4?V
MG/9BMJDV8^%H



M2%B







MD`+Z

7TYO('C?U*'./92R]
MAM+L.'

M;4+3`RTA-$]`0AR:JH9O3G*






M0@@:09E8SJ]N#*Z)8$:*43-H$RN19T;CTH%E\A9@5E:BVF?6$OM?^
*Z7I
MU]?2R;83M'S^I9FUC:+G61)=2+U$P_*6-4\5U7CU1


5


EE2!E2CE0@E4@54HW4:*3G@JW
^[GX:P_U8GW?G\T$3;L)
MSF5OU;%;DMJD\`39=&=2C_Z6\7#MJU)RL@R00J0(*49*!/'STGN'K6W_?N_P


MBY&H4-2@UK?VT*K[4WW;UM17VH)HP:S.V%X:;Z.YLF)OI:TJR@[Q);$=G!]W

Y%EVN!ZGPTM6C_79[A0M;OU




M


MD0*D$EBI$2I!0I0\J1J02J4*JD1J-]%R8Z\4/A@HN$FU.-$?UAXJQ/'95
M*354NHJ2?P5((5($5*
EE2!E2CE0@E4@54HW4:*2EAWT8\XRATA;7'TL%

5*E)E2#E2@50B54@U4J.1GAYS=7MZ]#BX
MI!74G\F0/0?*4`*D2*D&E!2I$RI!RI0J1*J0:J=%(SX6Y%OX@%[@`=C@9
M,YFQU^&J4FJH=!4E^5@J0`J1(J08*4%*D3*D'*E`*I$JI!JIT4A/#UM5]F_Z
M;.WH..VRYLR/,M.RV%S:#)F.6/1Y:I2

EE2!E2CE0@
ME4@54HW4:*2GCBW0^ZG[8&3A$M_AI

L+^T
#9I!!DSF;%'YZI2

M$5*


M8J0$*47*D'*D`JE$JI!JI$8C/1?G[0*P`6$.%;'DI\[N[:&9.^ZB(IV(2D]7

M5#.99;R%[ZI2
F

EE2!E2CE0@E4@54HW4:*2GQ]P8:-^U
MI.]%./]O:''/@+XZA$UR





?XT8[X2BWJ
/GP^T+9%


I779]15]A]+YZVN2K_=/V[3!ZV3S2






P\W=_95F;=-UVS[&=@9V-#[/H=&


P.^MMBFVV?NA_Z

!5



]2M3`T1D&.\[Z;+5HFY
&
PCX




ZJY!Q^DWCT`2FU@(2XI@QA``O8
M\PQXD

4;'`-N65*%%:I!,6A(-_ST&]@?`@B8,E;0X1:J8X
M*!4Q*I#Y;/0EI;31&F13E@0#KSN?7HCY4$R!VD#C%`SQ4&IB%$A%@@70-I
ME2@=TO]V(!3_T.!!\D4I'TQ0LT4!:4B1@52)PPE&N61&F13E@0#@QJJ-MT
MF%X6!K5$P)2V]4B(IAH);%:D@B)R):0



M@X*_?:@W488%&T4BU0*1$!$DMMKM206$H1F.;[M^E(=FZA=TDD7@3:*P-1
M[Z:









ME
_%VZ[Y3_7^SW+[\MI`N@WTR'7L?O/K:UFO(:+0S)TTKJ5UM0
`^'NVW[JA

E0#Y[*NOFV]8U.9^MW^JFVO^%(N&;PD:D;T0!


D9:FR;UH6.I#6

3=$'9RA!-*FC
MB*'G]+J


M*







V%(T7%HD7$=Q&


KDZC!&`FK




=
Q*:*Z((M;!


@8%9`_/-(K.L]C:-.VCA*.22(2%EV1=ID=<YX+=..$VS;L!!I%$=
M_

!$B2BD2&2RW<+(0B946-@KCM=JXLA\XR961
M1+.@DZ;/%0[,MNGS2Y%$FX$Q$X%)PBE/0^F*_^V,:!F4D6^X#(IX)GT0\:(O
M2HF*1-]%NBJ/P-TY72Z\LY%?Y.3%CF&ID7X6_P4L?*#'YX))*^<B$AGFS!
M@Q_[\O12YN5N5\_6U9L[M2+AU\KNV^Y$S1?ISEP[S
X:=
\K'&DJX8Q&=`?B
MYZIJSA_<9#ND-3C_P$``/__`P!02P


*8.@%V'NJWRKJB;VT!TV0!J-#:32?K*)P]6X!\&71E_P


M7W7^P^D6

`4$L#


)`=Q2;QA!A@
SLP\NYU*8G3L


M$R]46\9J^'OZMK&)


M;7`;*^+OD;O:85R
V_3_D^J^M+
7H9O'4=/?/-]\?/]X^.


M[LHWEL9+Z*9I!/UL`&'D^%8^^68^G$
!C(TG#/O?/W;KY?N+WS%2;V/
=2-&
M1NQ2A!^6OMF^!D

M$:E*7X.A!JH&N@:F!K8&K@!
SCOT

M3.H0&8@H(IJ((6*)N)((D7#4^CM$\LU@
J(K)@&Z=27!=0A:O*32%#*I1&0@
N)#$04

M%)34Z(D

MFG0A

=*

5(
S*

MR#DZ+!QS\GEBLZ@GQQ25Q.JQ^.'$4XP0V


S*



=*
#/+R`DD9)C7?O'DX^+8DK22
M$57'Q?H2.D=-C$:&E&FI%A9!DY@:1Q[G+.;O+B(H#_XY1SVA@I!AI1H:1



M'Z-P

7LV1<7M


.9AE

=*



4(\W(
+*
G$!2!F\NC^CZZ$7+



%*





MY`22


M
R(Y.[I\-1)F1X[*$I%G'3A*
=*

M1@
CQ4@S

M1DX@*4/M+T^?'&P]5]%4XD^VGEU]J9:CLD)3Q80&CE*


=*


MI!D91I:1$TCJ4_O.EZ?&)7O+B(IL=HQZ1@
CQ4@S

'/W`

MAB%TJ4Z


M'/:=EQ'!=Q7CH%ZRR%%II_J


[-HPQ)^S+O%X;R%%9X]A6?LYS


[



MC[=PF_U8;\5^^W+RV[DOY_/J!NXN1Z5QT3
:&E&FI%A9!DY@81Z^
L^!@N
M+7A$TF+.:HN9HR89&`V

M$)MPCE*

==LN2
J
V

=*



MGM8HYXMJ#7D7H_!VJ+1_/:

+()I=;7F^V\






MSC*Q8L@C_1!7
+SHGQC2)X;TB2%]8DB?&-(GAO1+5J5_G
?L9FPR$ZL&1+U&




'Q/B1@^J$0
Z1-#^L20/C&D3PSIEZQ*W]NN
OV3
MKUCQAO$Q8ZG

*8DU5T_B!6
0@%C&(10QB$8-8Q!6R2JQ
MO$DKQ7K%=\0/%Z'%E`(^QE4:O?[\`9#^A2'](DA?6)(GQC2)X;TB2']DE7I




MZELET``/G[=*
'KP/':K!*
'SR$W2BZ1*7YZWBK!7N-'UZT2[#5^FMPJ@=;X

:K\UHET!IODVN4

MG]DV6NO0I_C

ZKOUP(_WB.
MW\KYY?#\?+B'*SX_^[:_^;S')]-F_B7;7PZ'Y_0/OX$_#H^_/GW;[Y\__K\`
M````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`*PG8SP)``#V*```&````'AL+W=O<FMS
M:&5E='





M#^K7ZCTYE[O?RV



MNAQ/F)WMR.`J%?R1XT_:E%P8WT*JP56J.6#A@H(#_HKT8^&)S+J]0QN+NFG+
M

M/R
V:`9CH[Q:*6`$RPJ$DE`JH0TB&\0V2&R0VBS06X`$@B8WC\C$&@&%BA2
M)`OJ^4K*P!3M*BF@(NM.I(L.(Q$C,2,)(RDC&2.Y24B08W[&4%,S`9(15=
M`-SIA(9@)82\2U'J1+HH,1(Q$C.2,)(RDC&2FX1$19K%B77'77;S-4K#AIJ

MP'?EUIJ1D)&(D9B1A)&4D8R1W3$4=A#;W`4I:FC@EA)=NGT6'=*AHA(Q$C
M
2
)(RDC&2.Y28CO4)DW^([2U'=!S0S$C(2,1(SDC2
I(QDIN$.`H-#'%4
M-!6C&91_\UIN/ZTJT9+V5+D'S8-H*=`(]5\0'U9@8VGTK-Q+M:;:$@V!=U

C
M2-GR._,QD:)#QY[EAJ&+%H<,72*HYJX^W.G4'GHGI7P.<8_&=)F*O+DE(_A
M@ZYX
G5FBXE5M+$V!=:I?]AOF/[]T%QR1-=W)8(5FK#;;O74HIFQH2B)XZ0
MV*9'4@H.RNBCLYC.YM;\BHDAZB'VJ:'WRD^T5H05R0R$^%.9W8&.RF=088B

[*=5]T#,1M@6#150ZM'8'\H)UD'ZP0A/*V
MPYU_KJ!WL+HN&<9-S?F7,H;FU,`IG-"Z$(&6@D*.(HYBCA*.4HXRCG#J
M


HYRB:#%`O
T.MC@V#/&
MF=[8Q[NR33+FBT)F=*24&1V!7%]V3HXUH2)I!@1T8)B91#U
6TZUHNC)'+U



Z5


)


J4.MR+(<22E::C-K<XO[;+G&FP%1:EJJ


0WXFL:IO6+W?7UT]B3S;C1


E_&S:8RM8PJ^
/7RVA%_@


MOCH[;5Z*/S;GE_)8#_;%
Z1_TKX+.(OOUL0?C?RIZZEJX'
SJ!#XI@B^+RS@
M=X()OA=]KJI&_8$/Z+Y8?/@/``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#I$ZY0)P
`

!!\/^G^

M9W'[6A;.Y.*BVKI^M[(=5B5B)17VZ7[^]?#S=1UE*952@M1L:7[QI1[N_K\
M:;$7\EGEC&D'&JU='.MZSDA*LE9294G:E;!/YF0)=7P*+=$U9+1UPJQ*


T


MG0UT98)AF?%'9!`

\@0*XWB&#8`[#5UBV(_Q-;



MG);-!_5C

D`%3'YH9


;)
M0`D'1D
0S;S+;=$

;
X!KI(VV


E5UO
MFS`4AN\G[3]8OB\.!$(:A51-JFZ5-FF:]G'M&`-6



]Q2MG1VP_.[*5@6AE5V0CL2``]C_F:



$@HV
R^<)49L9ZR2OX
H


[DUKD4&'8[1&&@/$^K/(V7Y`ERR@Z:==#`==`D8\7F7#%]E1``



M5EDX\_ZV@1;/88M.(A!72MGCP'6GX:.Q^@
``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A
PB\7L[K7;<1*CDSBPW=TS;[]%D119




-F]Q][0^?/GZ

M]_Y[L]W=/YQHN.?4(]VQB]N_BNUQ0XJ2FTD\UYXV^T=J`/U_]+33H4&*K/_L

MLLE\

ME
XRW?
K\&W*1!2'
M)BQT0)H1SR;+^3S-EL.#
35QU85IL3ZMKR\/^^\CFOL4.


M%A*4$E02U!(T$B@)V@!

M

M44/X(




MG


&DLTR&

.U0P^HB`5
MBI$-:(&D4+4
L3[K%/5L
\?6\5-PLNDLC,OBSRVBA=TZ:&*]DI=[*Q4V%



M1''$R[V5ZUF!J+2(LM'N\#))0





M+!5#E7LKITJ!J'3(C/E\-I.!63F+
)SZ!CC7#5HIAZSK=)6*6=XZBX%HTAEL
M..L^ML2;/#C
EG7**(

&B.2VTP1(O

M(?@E)X

6K1J\#'?DZE/?'X[)QW7^?T


?_V&*!



@RMS



BYX
M;6R45EUOFS`4?9^T_X!X;PSY#@JITE7=)FW2-.WCV0$3K`)&MM.T_W[WVH3A

M6HB*Q?X+4_[MYN.']5'(1Y4SICU@J%3LYUK7$2$JR5E)U4C4K()_
B%+JN%1













BYX;6RL75ESVS@2?M^J_0\NOZ\M2J2N2K(5BZ)(



MO3[?O\

R7SW\

5OCT^/[W\W



M#N[.X(G
@XV__)TOWQ[`HJ#FH)L930^K)Q@`_'_O^=&$!ECD_J_FY\_'+^_?
*H&?J09':3=;##<92@I:H&?J`4B?<O'Z*
L_$39_NX#&*`2^$FV


MA]?5SSV8$

M3X/.X
/AGS!?/#G2',2SI@0PTP.1FTN@:D$@G
)%!*H))`+8&Y!!82.);`
MB01.)7`F@7





S2`^V!G;#8)0T\4%^/4($NG41DPY[8L)P)!++

M+C:0F#LA^_Y_=QHEW)V(P$B\#49RPQ
'D1(:4C$2NS
M;4AEE0JHJ21$#549((J'F4))YN$27Y\&%.AX


^P




MEA





MUU/SBYAB*^Q.)*T85(TL6DM'@6_P8



M0*7KS:W$Z]

'%Z&8


-G6OH0D.7&KK2T+6&;C1TJZ$[!O&`
M


82]\ZW(I5QEDBPJHX2T18'6-E\A[?/
X2I[-%G.6MRD/`



P8^$8+:=E


RM2LFA0(9;9G*FY4W



L*+
M-7^RK#-2G_?@#'A-*#_)L^`

MTMA/IJY5'F@JM*:9ADH-51JJ$:)W1-U^DLIK^W/D\%=$ZN




M9;W1PD]8!(41Y;`@HASFS3F-8$4$FSG

%.(MAI
(V)4`K3DI\^Y($OUX)3#14:FD75J]E)U8:JC4TCZJ7V_6%%CS6T(F&





@1\:B9HIJ'2Z)F47^K/('4U$P--Y
I%X5FVA!`

MBC)Y1;[`=O

(
N(YCZO-D1A&9`*#2#A9@9%%20
M+B\XTU)D)E=@^E([+TJS_)F

&+
!^5AC(W2*RPMVBAJ8(F;N



GU:08B?5M2=5!(
3BL:

!XM



Y0I!@&(]TJ!BY7Q*-//-+6M6*)Y;3.X!M!?/QA#[Z#FGFXXOM


5M$1X68K;8ZF^JP%]W5*:(

MW


M0;



MEQS


@%D$L@

M%
@9D'

C[





MW/%\`FZG0

MFS



TFD'
E*)TZ
M*$&4(LH0Y0K1N2S)N]$11U'VG/Q'=:(X\&5SM49V=)25'1V)Z-13G%=V.WS


?U@4B,WK`I8&;*ZMVRP-CH
M($P118AB1`FB%%&&*$=TC.@$T2FB
T3GBX072*:(;I=(WH!M$MHCM$]PYR

M$*4:V?+^8.@6'9FQTO*Y1J6\&QFQJ].1$?7$!Y%1FT`[

&&QY-PRBW+;#\&=EHRS:G05
U?'V\)'(

F6EZX96
MCTUKN9&A6+J!$Z6]G5;O3S)=M1.P1I=3G4XX%]ZA=K19-D44:20^:VFCZZ
M739N8G1
$*6(LD_)YXZC&RQ[3_*)+

]2;=F3S+@6[!06='2H%-_BBA2B'K]

M%%&DD2R_Q$Q?
]F#4J+=3-JFB#*%5*W5:0W8G)H[/FZ41/EJ1^G/)GM9!#O!


M6_:K8O-4A
7+R[:Q6'\7OUOIB;J[PO)'-9-Q0-\A4H\S?N3YP1$U`:_0R6\@



X$GU?8/_!\/O8UL7R!4D&

PFL\N[PE8MJ.!*Y(L1OY\

M5!8P!EFT-K`0/D


MG#A+]7VMAN#(!5+H5FH?`%8GNY7Z/K%6-@?39N9HTQ

BMXG#(S
X&
M[5_-*VCZ;C7?5<2L)EY3AVV@JU

M/[FQHO$7$BK/NZI



AH9([BT:B1#%M^IUQ(54M?860RMS99A'BT;C@
M(1)[VHI))%0BA!%8S@*'9[,-.H?'HIO!6F(76@Y-XFHZD3UY5IT^^
*ZFJ

N3&BCP6$BJ-
M1[4(0


AO$X\SNU6?IU\KK`KTCRN
M9;X=U0C!@$P9[F;(V--6%&

MD-Y*[BT

&E$FK7()%1(J
M)5?%K+@ZUQU%8#*%#`CQY.X4;3$UM*IH`QG]Y#
6M


M+Y=08:`S_DKNSP^C:#%SSE6580)_7$Y5Y=O!=OYDIWXF=Z
*(5:-A&X%2`WM


MVL)U



S&9)


MWXD-+

M7

&NQD(LX1<2@1$(I0BR5BH:Y;%A(J)1<%;/B8U;%^15C
M5N;.YHH0J_.FSH/%6#U*4PWM
!)0BE8\6TZ=9)P9KK-A).@+TY`BJ^SWZ.3G

M7

GB*F.TBE
M'2VKV(]3;,C??7&?`&2&WG#UB\Z46##\YTH^SOA'`/49Q@XQOY.=//1?6G1


MW^

M_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`*+)WVD`@``Y08``!D```!X;]W;W)K



M%35KJ?)$SSJ8J81LJ8:AW/FJEXR6=E';^&$0S/R6\@X[A:6\1D-4%2]8+HI]


%UH;A6C``%Q1R\V;`06AS_;WP$M=




`3%:`A`TF30M2'O
M'0
U&9C9F-A\2.3O$2/W8.5Z]P;.
&@/SLC\M2K.O6-FMCF$D#!*IN[/B81$

:LU'Z6(ZOSF?7P11DDS?&P?`=:C0
M:_J1==A^UULW\-AZ&@83ZXXYU3T)HC@=$YL1$9

0:L8HQLIVG__8YQ0@M9L_2&!'C]\ISWF
/BYDDV
MZ)%K(U2;XR@(


MZW




M.P
._4S^@.+%#
M<5UP;M_`;P'MGA

5LX&@5ZQ/*4:
L-?/3\^)

G*:TZE=DHQ2BU[#YL33]FFJ7F-WW/A

MW(!IV=&*?Z.Z$JU!#2_!
@PR:*#V\]:?6-7U
VNC+
S)_F\-GT4.+WH8@+A4
MRAY.W!@9/K3+OP```/__`P!02P
















M`:B@S*HG:^,8%3&JF`J-R%P*#-Y7V8ZEL&B3^'H3AO%38`[,)&F5P-_R!@

`W-BG
11\

O;R]BJ$D13NO9:VDI]DTS@B


?UV`
!M^;JL_````__\#`%!+`P04
M``8`````$`$GF5TH


M
2YX;6RLFMMNXS80AN\+]!T
WZ^MHV4;28K8.J
%BF+;7BNV$@MK6X:D;';?



M'NZV%8R`V3YJRN?[\:.]S)U@/'VXZPWZIRK?VL&_1^VN?DN::OM[=2S!;;A.




N47
MNL^;L.B*A[NF?AO!9(0KV9X*-K7MI0WYAAG#+Z_
H?=2'*'J3PRF?LQ#`^2
MHX6\__H06-[=]ODZD;$K&B

8(E)I

M&22)YQHC7XD8F&PRDV:&.3)$ND-(1$A
2$)(2DA&2#XDFDFP4/V
;&$R
!GA



M4D(R0G).[/X4-4O@*OY_2YB(;HD@`TL(3EQO'[%=BS;-=R0QZ4;1
A))6M







_

M3ERH9BX8-&RF&03EE680JXBN2CG64/=*$#WEC+)H+8.D5X1$@O#\@ADUGQN.
MQZ1-0DA*2


&IWAI


#.\F5G4VC)*&2B0RHQ(1&FY2#(CIEH)12DB)9]=)9]CPS-;):MH




MK:+PI$*%5$.ZB&'4A3MN#%&3




ME3Z[A]%KUS5%H4`?E+


#*6\([

I7=

MK0FL@

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!$#D@HR1``



M



7#!WP94+KEUPXX);%]P9P$H
&GTA
7P:W\HG


@$R`60*9!+(#

%8658\XRCI+%K[)_9QT*$N+]/&;3OH

M+:9NR0/BW(\F6:$K$#D)..4N&5F]_LVOUG4!AQ4P(@H9:6ID0Y:=.'2+=J
MMG0

M)V;2Y$0G39V2QKG[


S`Q#%B!)&
MVD%K+;K!;R[VASONZWVJR1W)N!6H.I?B$H
M$&1&1H:G+#*A6'%D(D&FHSLHB!4[)AHUVL7M22UDAT$M3LTP?&A.56=/SGC`

;$?IT_DHRE928J)1W1Q'_9:S`$C%BB)MQU`M




((%&'2\+





M#J#`RU&]D0W9]9KG#+RA&$A@0;65D:B)N*H5OZD[,P%J1BP\M2L9)(?8ME
MA:FZ+V7F]JS&R-RN^&TG#P9BQ94*$(4:-621$*%5CA!E*+6T+*RP_^340=
M-Q&



M1)(Y*$2J;:R*@&CYUT2-Z.LEHVFU'^T.JUKA?RYA2AD9V#
$445MSN@+6Z


)*HY4FN%(H203:%V;)I6OBL?B;QHE00:*I%HQ^I*I&65*(F]
M*6_'7JW?JU)ZS[E$;P/

(2SQ%-


M1`FB%-$0T2FB$:(QHC-$YX@FBX031%=(IHAFB.Z0G2-Z`;1+:([]DYXAX$



4^TF5D1`=1H!&MH?1#:LXZ(A2#

?6N
W\-B6
M$4T(18^C5\V*UY[RUW3$BD
1
)*OV4.-K_V2\*J*R$G'3%K4H8B7RZE_R0
M'3



FQ4&CL.)&!HQD



^#W[^BW?Y;W`]+S??EH/ET]/VX'[]0_V:74.]







MEC;\\/'XY=WU=/%FOIQ

MD&3VIIE-%B[%B6ZST(W^7KYMVL0P`/H;DC2+-^UJWLQ?V_PB]%RFGLN?V6TZ
/?^[<O^^Q6=
MBG0@#U_OW(G=K%VR6_^,(T5]*,HLIQ638NS;MK4H!JXT!5__O[Q6KV]N9W

MSL5423RD&T-&=8`((!*(`J*!&`V)TPDFK5^A4@N#9V,=A&`9KEDDNP]4'3

M1`'10`P0FQ.F$EU^0:7I]


_.JO'*/0:

M)*%2



P*CC*?30#U#2!2)2B#0B@\@RQ
?LO%X^9G\:

M*9&B8MU(1`J11F00V8#H

MV41`],<5T'1Y6^:1L5.:Q4B'5%*;0*B/R[U[60ZGQ?5:6.O(3<7K^:9F_FY

M/+-C`J













*!@B@4@B4H@T
M(H/(
L0%JSG(RVIJAIXR(%Y33?*&OJ925)+(YZ*.$0F
DH@4(HW((+(

MSWKA/#4;S6RJJ;9\RK(-4:=K*GC@;)Y*W9)@$4Q2B'2B`PBRQ`7K&9X+W)3
M,_3``14EE;QL*G?
:N?/G5


4HB4H@T
M(H/(


M0.Z)6++@37$G(U)4K!N)2'2B`PB&U#EU9=YW5R?^2!]R,)72+*U$'4!T2/
MO\(+*L5%7Z2`41A
HQ#IU/$'K[ZD@)C9LC2LB.:EI3Y]X@SAA1[!2=-LF=5!






$!<H;:X\G0I*BGD<V4GG
`HB4@ATH@
M(LL05^@\$SY'$QY0-IH.48](()*(%*-R"R#/$QUTSXG+XMX?Q[LSDZ\8*



5.M1R00240*D49D$%F&N$1U7WO^3#
:V^3X
MV[98VM@N?-3IF6:

H@L0UR&\_SL

M8!0&TRA$.G7\P:)RHB9+4O#BFA9-;#3X:;H]%0R]RD\;[3O?P]+K^UTV*]

B.N92B'3
E=*;B-PGU.GCS4MZ



]/(ET7Y/1-=Z)BIUB,2B0B
MA4@C
9
M67'KM`U1)R\R*2:JTR,2B0BA4@C


4(HW((+(







7F98N]<+<$_[Y60MZ/$Y



ME'Z?[^O=Y]T_[UX^/SP?KAYWG\A
3H87-U[\+_SY?QS#%[]^V!_IE_G(;]+/
MN=$O

$%``&``@`




LBG8I=F8QS;]NK.9DU^+
Y9
M


42-\$0$S08JZ^L@T$&H@T@'L0X2
M':0#


MA/USC*`R

2()(BD0Z*8!&O





!0CD4RE(FPBB6#=_80F6`4$X5&=4F


(5+0.U+3:

0HPBC&*
$H59#J%RUK;_GUKA

M2
X+3T1)Y'/THXJ!:4&4

M

!2




G4.D?JJH5?]`.^F_WV_\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0XY(%)_P@`

P+GAM;*R:6W/B1A.&[U.5
M_T!Q'X


MF%PNT:7[O[(-:68JCTSFO@]QA436



=K\S0NDE(0$A(2$1(3$A2$I(1DA.2=6^V)::&%4?3ZT3$0/+2=3
M);31J[2GK!1]T77FNB#W^^

MF;(EL0D(0F)B$Y,;!)4D(RHI.K-EH
80A]?A`S$3VT@J@#U'&-R'8VF&E/



MHDD[96S+&4^
TU.




MJX2BE**

V'U1EA]CU$\*3S

M6FV+6F(A-%^0V%9%7[L$TD^^QJJQ0#]E!J&?#(Z/2-R%G
PB50K038J'B*1X
M)-#Y4W5

JJ5:U9Z2%D-^^FUS!:5L+)K(%+7

M




MEMLOWXPFO-$
_E!-/;SQS&]'MV$?CF?1*9Z.9_#WUA
Z%CR`^O#4D\G
ATJ%
M/H&Z:L:J)OH$2B)0:Y\
NH[!AWR'U4N1K8XOY;[N;8MG2


`4$L#


)1

M=#PZ%ZOTY5(W^?


M9N+.

MP6:$I6RO.=[::(6@WGC%T/45-?2M$H+:P2Q/F.9Q#.E!=;10]^_K8+%XF+Y#




MT-

E9C







=
M44^![R/F&IAM:

@X]B+\(@$VWU_03LQ@V@R!-K94('
M

M3SVVH9T-)3:4VE#&H+YJP2[H#AF8:5)EH)KGZVFW4%LH.+1;CBT)PZ@
#Q
M+8O

M]QW:4
0@U6W;43L;2FPHM;DR+4K/&9NM.W)FWDPM#0H9I6$Z0Z2:.K+[0PG)





M[2O@Y6%
WY40!7%;`%C!O#1\XEXP/?P
=0XK=-W(6/I#WWWD`B?7D\^:LG


`4$L#!!0`!@`(

M?+X


6$4Q!?RW)DG1B!WS9YK.BYC[_YIZF'/
M\D!H5B:
#F:U![^^K



MF*22K#+WE%I1C:LX5Q73QM,R\`=)WFPC=#-A9
&O&Q;1AZP79*;8:LJ.(
MQ


M602*!



M)
KZ442VGZLLARU+F]A/0_8
H5Z;VV&D[%N)EI)J2*8AN40;+
*%0EM
4R21
MR-%04NE]:XWALC8


X@


M^95^&(]'APTY6
$B55RGG$*W+


.
1XX&_D`;$Q=;Z.P```/__
M`P!02P


M&-E.


M^-AUUV@V:W?'\ERTT_I:7N`_A[HY%QW\;)YG[;4IBWV?=#[-'







P*Q]AZQ%I$4+]1VHT);$T@-H'$!%(3R$P@5X`9R#)H`]K_










G$1P8(GQ1S=ZA+'C



:^]


M1/X4[]



MZ/4



MP1:#70-T(3U5CF!B^#]RQ&18CD1TIP+42=/DE
(3XA`2%S0A:$+`E9$;(F9$/(EI!=DT@Y
M@H60Y(BMRC=.;$P&YD;H75AFB83+F1_E[6*I
J:X38A#B$N(1XA/B$!(3

7(R92

5)3RM6+T
U]:$\\.S*0





B
V)UN=9EB/G$'.7
M$(\07Y)4.@J*54`\YH0L%E6JHU^K:&-S(JXK0G9$++]B/2NZ29E&:^W\\P
M$Y$S7!*SVC;

M6F*_)F1#R%;2_.6@;?I+*66G#N_F]%MR@6S]:N-1R!19K?NL.40YF996[U:Q

M_OWH\
TZ[-1$\Z=LU\9FLV9T2M2

M5K.#

'=OZ(9G6!Y/(
;2EFM95HGU6C


MKGN




`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!]_!B-0$``$`

O8V]R92YX;6P@H@0!**```0``````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````


M^RPV3`PWK=

MH
$$C_

OB[GZU0&Q\FE*BG1RO<H+2F:43%]+?&H-]]D(U(/`OXBS,^()P'KO
MGW_.O@```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`(9^<@(%!```Y0\``!```%D;V-0

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

M

P

MTQG
Q$*F5
.O7+9%'/.03428IRS3[5ZG


M?VT_I`D;@V
GIHEB=OLP8
\8+9-V3[E4CEWHNX*%6LB6XG\@;3VK]4(5*^D
MK8)*3C

W[SNVLHO4\O2



'

REBSB&IR$/`&B#%^EVR6^%N'K2B01]$CB0MX;\MGM
M$6]=[DB#IVOR3*6$G6V8[P/Q4*2

M3@W


`````````````````````

O+G)E;'-02P$+0`4``8````

O

D!5Y8P0``)P2```9````````
M`````````






M-YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`T(C#E'
$``!'%```&0``````````````

M(0!L.GK$=@
``*




M``8`````$`XZ`'Z^H$```T$P``&0````````````````#!


``.P(






M='








M(0`520QW00



M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`

D

M=#8S+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#
4[4AN`
``#\-```9````````````

M='




M970Q-2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`6?J'YQ(/```4P``&0``````````



M971S+W-H965T





3
N



&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S
M:&5E=#$Q+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0KD.(:9P4``!(8```8````````



M=#
Y+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`'6=6O90X``)1)```9````````````

M='



R+GAM;%!+`0(M
M`!0`!@`(````(0`*8@T@L``*

M;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`H(LG?:0``#E!@``&0````````````````!R

U+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#4




XE```9


M`BT`%``&``@````A`$0.2C)$```,U8``!D`````````````````YCX`'AL



M!@`(````(0DV34!1P4``!T3```9`````````````````'A\`@!X;]W;W)K


5N6!P``AAT`



 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasExplorationAndProductionIndustriesDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GasAndOilAreaUndevelopedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OilAndGasAcreagePurchased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OilAndGasAcreagePurchasedValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OilAndGasAcreageSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OilAndGasAcreageSoldValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsNoteDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityNoteWarrantsOrRightsTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_SummaryOfActivityOfOutstandingWarrantsTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionContingentConsiderationTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OutstandingDerivativeContractsSettlementPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasDeliveryCommitmentsAndContractsRemainingContractualVolume'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeSwapTypeFixedPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OutstandingDerivativeContractsSettlementPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasDeliveryCommitmentsAndContractsRemainingContractualVolume'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeSwapTypeFixedPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OutstandingDerivativeContractsSettlementPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasDeliveryCommitmentsAndContractsRemainingContractualVolume'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeSwapTypeFixedPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OutstandingDerivativeContractsSettlementPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasDeliveryCommitmentsAndContractsRemainingContractualVolume'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OutstandingDerivativeContractsFloorceilingBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeSwapTypeFixedPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeSwapTypeFixedPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OutstandingDerivativeContractsSettlementPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasDeliveryCommitmentsAndContractsRemainingContractualVolume'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OutstandingDerivativeContractsFloorceilingBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeSwapTypeFixedPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeSwapTypeFixedPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToCallOptionsAndWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueOfCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueOfCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueOfCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_RevisionInEstimateOfAssetRetirementObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_LiabilitiesIncurredForNewWellsPlacedInProduction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_LiabilitiesAssumedInAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_AccretionOfDiscountOnAssetRetirementObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRightsExercisable'

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S-V4V-C-C-%\Q-#$T7S0T8V1?83,R9%\Y-&$V
M,#$Y,#,Q9C4B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



R9%\Y
M-&$V
#$Y
#







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



M3D-%7U-(14544U]087)E;G1H971I8V%L/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R



M965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U1!5$5-14Y44U]/1E]/4$52051)3TY3/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U1!5$5-14Y4
M4U]/1E]35$]#2TA/3$1%4E-?15%5/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H



M/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U1!5$5-14Y44U]/1E]#05-(7T9,3U=3/]X.DYA





T0B5V]R:W-H
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\


M;64^-U]





M.5]&86ER7U9A;'5E7V]F7T9I;F%N8VEA;%]);G-T/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@



&-E

M;64^
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T
3@N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7

O4VAE

#I.86UE/C$T7TEN8V]M95]487AE<SPO
#I.86UE/C$U7T-O;6UI


E]3=6UM87)Y7V]F7U-I
M9VYI9FEC86YT7T%C8V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

M971S+U-H965T






&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\




T0B5V]R:W-H



O4VAE970S
2YH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E


M=#


M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^
31?26YC

\+W@Z


M;V9?4VEG;FEF:6-A;G1?06-C;W4T/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H


V+FAT;6PB+SX-







M

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T
M/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^
U]!8W%U:7-I=&EO;E]$971A:6QS4')O1F]R;6%?

T0B5V]R


T0B

M7T1E=&%I



M-#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC


M.DYA;64^-U]





#I.





T0B5V]R
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O

O4VAE970U
RYH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS












\+W@Z3F%M93X-



M968]


M-3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC






M93XQ






M3F%M93XQ



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\



O4VAE970V.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

M='

M



W938V
V
T7S$T
31?-#1C9%]A
S)D7SDT838P
M
3DP


]
M




M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`R-P@


#$S/&)R






T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%)E9VES=')A




]

#`Q-#DP
M



]

]
M



]



]



M86QI9VX]

3(M



]



T1T;W`^27
@16YT:71Y(&$@5F]L=6YT

]
T1T97AT






T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($9I
M;&5R($-A=&5G;W)Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG






]
T1N=6UP/B0@

M+#$U

]


]




]





S=E-C8S
M8S1?
30Q-%\T-&-D7V$S
F1?.31A-C`Q.3`S
68U#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
W938V
V
T7S$T
31?-#1C9%]A
S)D7SDT838P
M
3DP



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5/54%'

M/3-$


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#



]


M='

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C@U-BPR
S



]
T1N=6UP
M/C(L-3`P+#`P


]


U

]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C(V
M+#$T



]
T1R


]



]
T1N=6UP/C
U+#(T


]


]




]


]
T1N=6UP/C@R+#(W-2PW
#D\





]
T1P


BPW-C(L


M


]





]
T1N


251)15
@04Y$(%-43T-+
M2$]


T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='



BPY-3



M
38P+#`P

]


T1T



]

]



T1T;W`^







T1T



]
T1N=6UP
M/C
P+#4U-BPS



]


]
T1N=6UP/C0L-S
R

M/3-$=&]P/E1O=&%L(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

RPT
C
L


3
L.#0P+#$Q



]

]
T1T





]




2!P87(@=F%L=64L
M(#4P





T1T;W`^4F5T86EN960@96%R;FEN9W

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-CDP+#8U







M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S=E-C8S8S1?
30Q-%\T-&-D7V$S
F1?.31A-C`Q
M.3`S

O4VAE970P
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

04Y#12!32$5%5%


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@


M:71I97


M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


#`L

C`L
#`P+#`P


]

@:7-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

M;7`^

]









]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T
M;V-K+!S:&%R97


#`L
#`P+#`P



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K
M+!S:&%R97
@:7-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97
@


S=E-C8S8S1?
M
30Q-%\T-&-D7V$S
F1?.31A-C`Q.3`S

O4VAE970P






3(@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


]





#(R+#4T
M

]



]



C(L-30P/'-P













]
T1N=6UP/C(T+#`P






T1T;W`^3F5T(&]P97)A

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

38L.3


2PS


]


]




BPS.#`L


M=&]P/E-E='1L96UE;G0@:6YC;VUE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





]







M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#$P
2PU
3`I/'-P





]
T1R







]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/C0W+#DW.2PY




]
T1N=6T^)`H
M,XP




]

]
T1N
M=6T^)`H,XP








]





M870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


M;7`^)`R-PX.#4L


]
T1T97AT







@86-Q=6ES:71I;VX\

]
T1N=6UP/C0S


]


]
T1N=6UP/C4W-RPP


]

N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T





T1T;W`^

@9FEN86YC:6YG(&-O

]
M


]




]
T1N=6UP/C@T.2PY


]


M+#DQ
2PT


2PT


M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]
T1N=6UP/C0W+#DX




2PU.#4L


S$L(#(P
3(\


]





]


RPU-S8\


M
BPT-S




]
T1T97AT


M;7`^
3`X+#$Y






]



\+W1D



]


L.#$W



T1T;W`^16YD:6YG($)A;&%N8V4L(&%M
M;W5N=!A=!$96
N(#

S+#`W


M
C@W+#DY


M=!$96,N(#,Q+`R
#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X





S=E-C8S8S1?
30Q-%\T-&-D7V$S
M
F1?.31A-C`Q.3`S
68U#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S
W938V
V
T7S$T
31?-#1C9%]A
S)D7SDT838P
3DP

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O


]

M86X]

#$S

]
T1R



T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN






]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5P;&5T:6]N(&]F(&]I;!A;F0@9V%S


]
M
T1N=6UP/C(L-#0S+#0X

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C(T+#(P

]

]








]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C(P
M
2PX.#





M

3DY+#8S


]
M

@








]





]
T1N=6UP/C8T
RPX


]





]

2PP-#DL
C




]
T1N=6UP/C(L
M-3`P+#`P



]


]






]




3DL


]










38L
M
C


M/3-$;G5M/B@U-BPX-3





#QS


]

]
T1N=6UP/C8L
#@U+#
V


]


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'

]
T1N=6UP/C8P


]

S(L


M9VX]
T1T;W`^061V86YC97










S(L
S
X+#0Q

2PS
#0L
#


]

]









M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q



]

M-BPR
S

]

]
T1N=6UP/C(U+#DX-BPP


BPV






]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L-#$W+#
T


T1T;W`^0T%32!!5!%3D0@3T8@4$5224]$



]


]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
3`T


]





]

M;W5N='

S4L

M;7`^


]


2PR
#`L


]




]
T1N=6UP/C8R-BPX.3


M;G0@8V]S='

:6%B:6QI



]
T1R


R
M9%\Y-&$V
#$Y
#




CX\


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]


2`M


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







30W.T%.1D
F(S$T.#LN($)L86-K(%)I

N

#$P('=H96X@=&AE('-P:6XM;V9F


N*2P@8F5C86UE(&5F


#$P+!W92!H879E(&)E96X@96YG86=E9!I





@=V5L;'
N




















N($%S(&$@;F]N+6]P


S=E-C8S8S1?
30Q-%\T-&-D7V$S
F1?.31A
M-C`Q.3`S
68U#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
W938V
M
V
T7S$T
31?-#1C9%]A
S)D7SDT838P
3DP

M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$5



S$L
M(#(P
3




]





@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&EN

M5&EM97


3`M



M=&EV:71I97

@86YD


@:71S(&]P97)A=&EO;G

M

M(S$V







M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M=&EO;G




@8V]U;&0@9&EF9F5R(&9R;VT@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


@86YD(&-L96%N



M(#`@

M5&EM97

M








@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M

#L\+W1D




M
7!T)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

C`Q
M
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

M




M0T9&0T





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G

M





7!T)SXF(S$V
M



M)B



M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

T0G





M)B



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O


M9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V




M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@







M-3`L




#$S(&%N

@;F]T(&5X


M+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#`G/CQU/D1E8G0@27-S=6%N8V4@0V]S='





C
S(&]F(&1E8G0@
M:7-S=6%N8V4@8V]S='



3DP+#4X
!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N
M9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$S#0IA;F0@
C`Q



M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






Q-#@[

@




M=VED=&@Z(#$P












C1P









M





M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S


6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0Z(#AP=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN
M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG
M/B8C



3@L-C

@96YD
M960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P


M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C










6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#AP=!4:6UE
M<R!.97<@4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M9GDG/E5N9&5R($9!4T(@05-#(#@R


@9&ES





M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M:6P@)B





M(&%N9!R97!A:7)S(&%R92!C:&%R9V5D('1O(&]P97)A=&EO;G,-F%S(&EN





#$@86YD(0R-PR



M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG
M/B8C









T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q


M('=E;&P@:7



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:6XG/B8C

#L@=&5X

@




S-#LI+B!3


@;V8@






#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!R97-P96-T




7!T
M)SXF(S$V

M9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M




7!T)SXF(S$V


M;&4]






M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C


M93H@.'!T)SXQ



M



24G/B8C
M


7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S










M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D






M

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q-C`[






@

M
2P@
C`Q

2PX.3
L-C0Y+B!4


@9F]R




@86YD(&%C



M9!I;B!W:&EC:!T:&5S92!F86-T;W)S#0II;F1I8V%T92!A;B!I;7!A:7)M








M(&)Y(&EN9&5P96YD96YT#0IP971R;VQE=6T@96YG:6YE97)S+B!4:&4@8V]S
M='



M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;F-O;64@=&%X97









@:7

M:71H;65T:6










2P@
M
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q







M=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#AP=!4
M:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




M=&EO;G
@;V8@86-C;W5N='


#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DL

4@86YD(#0T)2!O9B!T;W1A;!O:6P@86YD(&=A

M9V%S(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
3
@86YD(#(P

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(L('=E(&AA9`T*


24@86YD(#
X



W)0T*86YD(#




M:69Y)SX\=3Y87-I8R!A;F0@1&EL=71E9!











#L\+W`^#0H-


M87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



M;&4]




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF;VYT('-T



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C;VQS


3

Q





M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M9'1H.B`Q


M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

T0G


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F



38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


T0G=F5R


M:6YD96YT.B`Q


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D




Q-C`[

M)B


M;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC






M(S$V




#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


2PR

@3F5W(%)O


@97AC;'5D960@9G)O


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(S$V








T@86YD(0T
S@L-3





M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M86-C;W5N=&EN9R!I;@T*:6YT97)I;2!P97)I;V1S+!D:7-C;&]S=7)E+!A


38P.SPO


N









M-6EN)SXF(S$V


M
30V.W

@;VX@=&AE(&IU9&=M96YT(&]F


@9FEL:6YG('!O




T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E
'0M:6YD




M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



C`Q
2P@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D



M(#(P
3$M





M;6]U;G1S(&EN#0IT:&4@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!S=&%N9&%R9'


C`Q
R!W:71H(&5F9F5C=&EV92!D


M;F]U;F-E;65N='
-G1H870@87)E(&5F9F5C=&EV92!I;B`R,#$T(&%N9!B
M96QI979E('1H870@;F]N92!O9B!T:&5M('=I;&P@:&%V92!A(&UA=&5R:6%L

M(&]P97)A=&EO;G

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M

M=&%N9&%R9US971T:6YG(&5F9F]R=',@;V8@=&AE($9I;F%N8VEA;!!8V-O



M(&%R92!B96EN9PT*=&%R9V5T960@9F]R(&-O;7!L971I;VX@:6X@








M(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G


M+R\O0SHO
S=E-C8S8S1?
30Q-%\T-&-D7V$S
F1?.31A-C`Q.3`S
68U+U=O

O4VAE970P.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]

T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H





@+2!!8W%U:7-I=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@




Q-#@[




@86-Q=6ER960@:6X@=&AE



BPP-#`@;F5T(&UI;F5R86P@
M86-R97





@

M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@










C`L-C@P+#`S
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

Q

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



M;&4]


#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@




M

M;&4]


M

M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-&1D-#)SX-B`@(`\=&0@






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M)SXF(S$V



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


M97)T:65S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


M




M(#(N-7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


M)SXR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97









M('5S:6YG('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B





M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V


M=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
#$R(&%R

@=&AO=6=H('1H92!#4%@@06-Q=6ES:71I;VX@:&%D

3(N(%1H92!P


@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(@:&%V




@86-Q=6ER960@:6X@=&AE





@=&AA=!W;W5L9!H
M879E(&)E96X@86-H:65V960@8GD@=&AE(&-O;6)I;F5D(&-O;7!A;GD@9F]R

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@





M(&-O;'-P86X]

M=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F





38P

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^/&9O;G0@




M

24G/B8C




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


24G/B8C



#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L




M

M;&4]



L-#DT/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C


#L\








S8L-#(Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/CQF

6QE/3-$


I('!E

M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\


M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F



M

XQ
M,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@.7!T

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S

T0G








@;V8@)#$U.PT,S`@86YD(&]P97)A=&EN9R!I
M;F-O;64@;V8@)#,V+#@S.0T*87-S;V-I871E9!W:71H('1H92!#4%@@06-Q
M=6ES:71I;VX@:&%V92!B965N(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN('1H92!A8V-O;7!A;GEI

@9F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D
M($1E8V5M8F5R#0HS
2P@
C`Q

S=E-C8S8S1?
30Q-%\T-&-D
M7V$S
F1?.31A-C`Q.3`S
68U#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+S
W938V
V
T7S$T
31?-#1C9%]A
S)D7SDT838P
3DP
S%F-2]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5


T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H



]


]




3(L('=E(&=R86YT960@



M92`Q





M(#(P
3$L('=E(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A(%)E=F]L=FEN9PT*0W)E9&ET(&%N



F(S$T.#L-F%N9!I;F1I
M=FED=6%L;'D@82`F(S$T-SM


30W.T%G96YT)B
Q-#@[*2X-

3`@;6EL;&EO;B!I;B!F:6YA;F-I

M(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B

M96YT(&EN($9E8G)U87)Y(&]F(#(P

M9!I;B!F=6QL(&%N9!T97)M:6YA=&5D('1H92!A9W)E96UE;G0@:6X@07!R
M:6P@;V8@
C`Q




2XU




@:7-S=65D(&EN

M92!-87D@
BP@
C`Q
BP@=&AE(&]N92!Y96%R(&%N;FEV97)S87)Y(&]F('1H

#$V
M(&%T(&%N(&5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E(&]F#0HD

M97



C`Q




Q+`R,#$S
M(&%N9`R






M92!

M:71H($UR+B!

M
30V.W











M;G0@=V%S(&-A;F-E;&QE9!A;F0@=V4@96YT97)E9!I;G1O(&$@9&ER96-T



30R('-Q=6%R92!F965T(&]F(&]F9FEC92!S





M;6%Y('!R;W9I9&4@.3`@9&%Y(&YO=&EC92!T;R!T97)M:6YA=&4@=&AE(&QE



2P@

S0L
S4P#0IA;F0@)#(V

M8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]P/CQS







]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q


M($EN9'5S=')I97



T1T;W`^3F]T92`U(T@3VEL
M(&%N9!'87



M










'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0P('-T

#`E
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

M;&4]

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

F4Z(#AP
M=<^1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P





T0G








M)B





M;&4]






M



M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





T0G9F]N
6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-R4[


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T






#L\


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N



#L\+V9O;G0^



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N







XP.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL





6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T



Q-C`[



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@






M)B


M969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@








M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M.'!T)SXF(S$V


M.'!T)SXR+C

T0G

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G



T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X



@86YD('1H92!V86QU92!O9B!S



2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q

30L





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


@9F]R('1H

S$L
M(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P

T0G9F]N
M=#H@





M

M.B`Q
#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

6QE/3-$





6QE




M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V






38P.SPO9F]N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O




M93H@.'!T)SY0=7)C:&%S97

M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M:61T:#H@

R+#`R-2PW





M






@









38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

M/C(L-C$X+#$T-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR
#0I









T0G






@87!P;&EE9!T;R!D979E;&]P;65N=`T*(`@(&]F(&]I

M;&4]





M)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M+#@Y
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


M=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR


T0G



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

M;&4]

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M

M









38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C



T0G9F]N

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@



C(L
#DT+#8T-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


#L\+V9O;G0^




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6YG(#(P
3





M=V5L;'







'!T(#`[
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ

C`Q

@

#@L


M
T0G9F]N=#H@









M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I








@82!R97-U



@9G)O;2!T:&ES('=E;&PN($EN('1H92!E



'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N
M=#H@




@3F5W(%)O

#8@
M;F5T(&UI;F5R86P@86-R97

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G
M9F]N=#H@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

'!T(#`[
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93H@.'!T)SY);B`R
#$S+`T*=V4@=')A9&5D(#DU




M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:7)A=&EO;G

T0G;6%R9VEN






M:7)E(&EN(#(P
30@:&%V92!A;'-O(&)E96X@=')A;G-F97)R960@=&\@=&AE


S=E-C8S8S1?
30Q-%\T
M-&-D7V$S
F1?.31A-C`Q.3`S

O4VAE970Q
BYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M


]



]
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M;G


M('1H92!P97)I;V0@:6X@=VAI8V@@:70@:7
@:6YC=7)R960@86YD#0IA(&-O





@;F\@87-S971S('1H870@87)E







@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS



2P@
C`Q
PT*86YD(#(P

M;CH@
#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQT86)L



M(#$P

#L\




M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M/B8C


C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V








M


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V


RPY
#`\

F4Z(#AP=<^4F5V:7-I;VX@:6X@97-T

M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\




T0G=F5R

3!P=#L@=&5X

M)SY


38P.SPO=&0^


M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D







M






M





M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D






M.B`Q




38P



M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L

T0G

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A




:71I9V%T:6]N(%-E

]
T1T



T1T;W`^




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F]T92`W(T@3&ET:6=A=&EO;B!3

]


@


M(&)E='=E96X@06YT930L#0I);F
N(@F(S$T-SM!;G1E-8C
30X.RD@86YD
M(%!E97)L97-S($UE9&EA($QT9X@*8C
30W.U!E97)L97-S)B
Q-#@[*2!D





MD)L86-K(%)I9&=E($]I;`F(S
X.R!'87
L($EN8RX@*'1H92`F(S$T-SM#
M;VUP86YY)B
Q-#@[*2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@=V%S(&5N=&ET;&5D('1O(')E



M971S('1H870@=V5R92!S;VQD('1O(%!E97)L97-S(&EN#0IT:&4@5')A;G-A


@:&%D(&=U87)A;G1E960@82!M:6YI;75M#0IP87EM96YT('1O('1H



C`Q




C`Q








T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97











M







Q-C`[





T0G9F]N

M+C1P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O




T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U


M(S$V



T0G=F5R=&EC


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O











T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED


#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!W:61T:#H@



G/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG

T0G=F5R



M)B




38P.SPO=&0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O










M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@


M


M)B





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

6QE/3-$




M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG


M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T



M-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

M.B`U+C1P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@


M


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T

2P@
C`Q
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@




M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

C
L-C`P
M*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

M.B`U+C1P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@




T0G=F5R


38P.SPO



M+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U+C1P=#L@


M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C




M







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U+C1P


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@







M
S$L(#(P



#`X+#8P
CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M




S`P+#0S

T0G=F5R=&EC






M-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I




M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U+C1P=#L@



M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V


M


M



M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

M;G


T0G


T0G


Q



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT



M-3`R+#@Y







#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

M+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q


RPY-C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG





6QE/3-$

2P@
C`Q
CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@










T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@















S0[3&ET:6=A=&EO;B8C


M
2!I;B`R
#$R(&%N9`T*=&AE(')E;6%I;FEN9R`D
M
BXU(&UI;&QI;VX@=V%S(')E8V5I=F5D(&EN(#(P
3
N($EN(&%D9&ET:6]N







M('-U8V@@;&5G:7-L871I;VX@:7

@




@

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#AP=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL(%1I;65S
M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@


3(@
M86YD(0P+C$V(&UI;&QI;VX@=V%S('!A:60@:6X@,C`Q,RP@87,@=V5L;!A



30V.W

M(#(P
#DL($UR+B!


L(&YE=`T*;V8@871T;W)N97ES)B
Q-#8[(&9E
M97

@87)E(')E8V5I

@3F5W(%)O



M-S
L.38S(&%S(&]F('1H92!S971T;&5M96YT(&1A=&4@=V5R92!R96QI979E

M
T@86YD(0S
S
L

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P



O16QE8W1R

X
PY.#(@;V8@861D:71I;VYA
M;!S971T;&5M96YT('!R;V-E961S+@T*07


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97









S-#M$96QO:71T92`F(S
X.R!4;W5C:&4F
M(S


S0[3&ET:6=A=&EO;B8C
S0[





@=6YD97(@=&AE('-E='1L96UE;G0@


M8V5E9'


@86=R965D('1O('-T:7!U;&%T92!T;R!T:&4@9&ES

:71I9V%T:6]N(&%N9!T;R!A(&UU='5A;!R96QE




@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
3
@86YD(#(P
3X-CPO
M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S-V4V-C-C-%\Q-#$T7S0T8V1?
M83
R9%\Y-&$V
#$Y
#



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

]


M

S$L(#(P
3









@;W(@
M;&EA8FEL:71I97




M;G1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G


@3F5W(%)O





















M;GD@:7




M:7




M92`H)B


M97


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
L('1H92!#

Z



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T



Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT


#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!B;W)D

M-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G

I


M(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C




M


M9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@






M93H@.'!T)SXY-XT-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H@(`@/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]




M=&5R)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

M969T.B`U+C1P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

SDL.3DV/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

M:'0Z(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97(G/B8C

T0G

M










#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P




M:'0Z(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


M:'0Z(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97(G/B8C


M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C

Q-C`[




M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@

M+C1P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

M8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V





M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V






M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P




M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C









M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O





T0G=F5R=&EC


M86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P
38@)B
Q-3`[($IU;F4@
S`L(#(P

M




#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U+C1P=#L@

#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T




M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


Q+`R,#$S+!T:&4@0V]M


M97



M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



M;&EZ960-F=A:6YS(&%N9!L;W-S97



T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

@3F5W

M;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B



@16YD960\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\

M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V



Q+#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M




7!T)SXF(S$V


M;&4]







M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

M:61T:#H@-S(E.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS




24G/CQF






7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T

7!T)SXF(S$V





Q-C`[






T0G9F]N

M;3H@



M(#(N

L




M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L

T0G

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V





M;RUM87)K970@;V8@9&5R:79A=&EV97
\+V9O;G0^.CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R

M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T9&0T,G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE




3
T+#(Y












7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O









T0G


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@








#L@=&5X

#L\


M






M=&\@;W5R#0IF:7)S=!D97)I=F%T:79E(&-O;G1R86-T(&%N9!H87




T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L
'0M


M




@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C
38P

T0Q
!S='EL93TS1=B


T0G9F]N


38P.SPO

T0Q
!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF
M(S$V









T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF;VYT('-T



M;W5N='

Q-C`[

M)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S


M;VX@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E=#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V



M





M
34P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



34P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V



#L\+W1D


34P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

@



M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@

M




M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


S$L(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^

M)B

M
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C









M92!S:&5E=#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C;VQS





T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T


M97







7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N



M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F



M/B8C

M
3@R+#@Y-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V




M/B8C

M)B
Q-3`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C





Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*

M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L




M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:#H@

M;&4]

M/B8C

M



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@





C`Q


#L\+W1D/@T*






34P.SPO9F]N


7!T)SXF
M(S$V



#L\+V9O









7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B






M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

M)W=I9'1H.B`W


Q-C`[

3$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

SDL
#8U



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T













Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

M;&4]


RXU


M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

38P.SPO

M

M(S$V



#L\






M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M.'!T)SXH





Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L

W
M938V
V
T7S$T
31?-#1C9%]A
S)D7SDT838P
3DP





]

T1)1#!%

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3





@.#(P+3$P+34L(&9A
M:7(@=F%L=64@:7









M-6EN)SXF(S$V


M('1H92!T:')E92!L979E;'




M(#`@
S`N-G!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY
979E;`Q(T@26YP




M(#`@
'0M:6YD96YT














#L@

M




T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E
'0M:6YD


#`E.R!B;W)D97(M


2P@
C`Q




3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N
M-'!T)SXF(S$V

B!S='EL93TS

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


38P


M;&4]

W!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M9#XF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-3@E.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!P






2PQ-3`L



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N
M-'!T)SXF(S$V




M:61T:#H@

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@




T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R



M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O



M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M

7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

34P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG


M
7!T)SXF(S$V







W!T)SX\

M/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B











Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M93H@.'!T)SXR
3

38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


Q-3`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C





M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6QE

34P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D



PU-38L,S`Q/]F;VYT/CPO



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

34P




M=#H@

M;&4]



7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*



S`L-S8Y+#DW-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M

7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D






M(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V








T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@











M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:#H@

M;&4]










M.B`U+C1P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D





M/B8C




M='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R


M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V


M;&4]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M;&4]






T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T
M)SXF(S$V

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

M:#H@


M)B







M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M

M



7!T)SXF(S$V


M





#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T




T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

34P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\






M969T.B`Q

T0G

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG


M


34P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL






7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



38P







M-#$W+#
T





M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N





M

M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M(&)E='=E96X@3&5V96P@
2!A;F0@3&5V96P@
B!I;G!U='
@9F]R('1H92!Y

M+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@


M87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

W938V
V
T
M7S$T
31?-#1C9%]A
S)D7SDT838P
3DP







]

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@

]
M


T1T



T1T;W`^3F]T92`Q


M5&EM97

M97)E=&\@9&%T960@1&5C96UB97(@
3
L(#(P
3




L(&EN8VQU9&EN

M:6YG($Q






M
#`@;W(@;6]R92X@070@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS#0IE;&5C=&EO;BP@



M
2XU

M3U(@;&]A;G

@86QS

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





38N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&UA


@=7!O;B!A=!L96%S=!T:')E92!B=7-I;F5S

Q-#8[(&YO=&EC92!T;R!#861E;F-E+B!4:&4@4V5N:6]R($-R




M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

M($1E8V5M8F5R(#

#L@

M


M96UE;G0@9&%T960@075G=7-T)B
Q-C`[.PF(S$V,#LR,#$S(&%N9!A;65N
M9&UE;G1S('1H97)E=&\@9&%T960@1&5C96UB97(@
3
L(#(P
3
@86YD($UA

@86UE;F1E9P@=&AE(8C
30W.U-U8F]R9&EN







M8V]S='

N



M=FED97




M;&4@8V]M;6ET;65N='


M+B!

B4@3TE$+B!4:&4@=6YP86ED



M97(@;V8@*&DI(#$N


@4V-R965N($Q)0D]2(#`Q(&%S(&]F(#$Q.C`P




M92!A9&UI;FES=')A=&EO;B!F964@;V8@)#4P+#`P



M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@







30V.W



#L@=&5X

#L\


#$S(&%T('=H:6-H('1I;64@=V4@9')E=R`D
30L
M-S`P+#`P
P@;F5T(&]F(&$@)#,P,PP

M=!A;F0@=7-E9`D
3`L



#`L
M



M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


30W.TEN
M=&5R8W)E9&ET;W(@06=R965M96YT)B
Q-#@[*2X@5&AE($EN=&5R8W)E9&ET




M96)T961N97-S('5N9&5R('1H92!396YI;W(@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y(&%N


@86YD('1H92!L96YD97)S('5N9&5R('1H90T*

M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M($9A8VEL:71I97






M;W(@=&AE('%U87)T97)S(&5N9&EN9R!397!T96UB97(@
S`L(#(P
30@86YD
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T+!A;F0@
XX,!T;PT*
2XP



M

Q+`R,#$T+`T+C(U
M('1O(#$N

P+`R,#$T+`T+C`P('1O(#$N
#`@9F]R('1H
M92!Q=6%R=&5R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T+!A;F0@
RXU

M;6%X:6UU;2!S96YI;W(-FQE=F5R86=E(')A=&EO(&]F(&YO=!M;W)E('1H
M86X@
BXU('1O(#$N


@=&AA;B`S+C`@=&\@
M

M=7

M:6YD96)T961N97-S*2!O9B!A=!L96%S=`P+C8U('1O(#$N
#`@=&AR;W5G

C`Q-P@,XW

S`L(#(P
M
30@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T+!A;F0@
XX,!T;R`Q+C`P(&9O

S$L(#(P
34@86YD#0IT:&5R


@



S$L
M(#(P
30L(#0N
C4@=&\@
2XP
!F;W(@=&AE('%U87)T97)S(&5N9&EN9R!*
M=6YE(#,P+`R

N-3`@=&\@
2XP

#$U(&%N9!T:&5R96%F=&5R+!C86QC=6QA=&5D(&]N(&$-







M('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R(&EN=&\@:&5D9VEN9R!A9W)E96UE;G1S('!R



M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L
'0M



@=&\@

#`L


30V.W

M9B`D

@82!D96)T(&1I


P+`R,#$W+B!!('1O=&%L(&]F(0Q.3DL-C
R('=A

M
2P@
C`Q

2P-C(P,3,N/]P




M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\=3Y$;W5G:&5R='D@4F5V





3$

3(@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#$T

M)B





M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M82!M87AI;75M(&%V86EL86)L92!A;6]U;G0@;V8@)#(P(&UI;&QI;VXL(&]F

M(#$L(#(P

M($Q



30V.W





T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^
M)B



BP@
C`Q
B!O9B`D
BPT-3`L
#`P+!A;F0@
M=7-E9`D



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97







T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q-C`[


T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^
M)B







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED




M9#XF(S$V


M





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF;VYT


38P.SPO


M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

3
L
#`P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S





M
24G/B8C


\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M)SXR
PP,#`L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
F4Z(#AP=<^)B,Q-3`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/]T<CX-CQT<B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-&1D-#)SX-B`@

M;&4]


MB`@(`\=&0^)B









T0G9F]N

7!T)SXF(S$V

M:60G/B8C

Q

G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B






M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P

S
L
C`Q+#@X
SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T


M960@3TE$/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C







97-S

M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V


M.'!T)SXH
BPR-S






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O


34P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M
S`L-34V+#
P
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


97-S.B!C=7)R96YT(&UA='5R
M:71I97







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

34P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

38P.SPO


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V


M97



F4Z(#AP=<^,S`L-34V+#,P,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

38P.SPO

M86-K(#(N
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT



M:6XG/B8C

3DL-C`P+#`P

C`L
#`P+#`P



M97-E;G1E9`T*87




M87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3

@

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#AP=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL(%1I;65S
M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@
M9F]L;&]W:6YG('!R97-E;G1S(&-O;7!O;F5N='

2P@
C`Q
R!A
M;F0@
C`Q

T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$


M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B



Q-C`[









T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C









T0G=VED=&@Z

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V


Q

M)B

T0G


C@L
M
S8R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

Q-3`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P


M;&4]

38P.SPO




M(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

PU.#`\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


L(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!O




T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

P-RPX





7!T)SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G9F]N



M97AT4&%R=%\S-V4V-C-C-%\Q-#$T7S0T8V1?83
R9%\Y-&$V
#$Y
#
Q9C4-








3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


]

@3F5W


PP,#`@875T:&]R:7IE
M9!S:&%R97
-F]F(0P+C`P

M+B!.;R!S:&%R97


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L
'0M


M



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q-C`[


M
#(U#0IS:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&EN('-A=&ES9F%C=&EO;B!O

C(L
M(#(P
3(@87

M87

M:&%T('=E(&1E8VED960@;F]T('1O(&-L;W-E('1H92!P=7)C:&%S92X@07
@
M82!R97-U;'0L('1H92`D-#
X+#4S.2!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!S:&%R
M97

2P@
C`Q
@T*86YD(&ES('!R97-E




M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M




C`Q
B!A;F0@=V4@;F\@;&]N9V5R(&)E87(@86YY(&QI86)I


M=7-T;65N=!D:60@;F]T(&%F9F5C=`R
#$R(&EN8V]M92X\+W`^/'-P86X^


M-#$T7S0T8V1?83
R9%\Y-&$V
#$Y
#



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]

T0Q/C$R($UO

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@



]



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@
M86QL(&]P=&EO;G
@9W)A;G1E9`T*9'5R:6YG('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E
M8V5M8F5R(#

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q-C`[

M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q




M(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C




T0G













6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`X)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@,7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG
M+7)I9VAT.B`U+C1P=#L@<&%D9&EN9RUL969T.B`U+C1P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG











M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U

C`Q
SPO9F]N



M0T
G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



















#`L

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF;VYT('-T












3$S+#0Y
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


T0G8F%C:V=R



T0G=F5R=&EC







T0G



M9RUL969T.B`U+C1P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
















#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@


















#





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


B\Q
B\Q
M
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG



M(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

#PO9F]N

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!T;W`[('!A


M)SXQ
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA


M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U+C1P=#L@

3$W)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


Q-C`[


M;&4]



M;&4]




T0G=F5R


M)SXQ
B\Q
B\Q





M+#`P







M9&EN9RUL969T.B`U+C1P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S


3$W)3PO9F]N


Q-C`[







T0G





3`P+#`P


M(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT

#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P




3$W)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M93H@.'!T)SXD)B
Q-C`[





6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


B\Q
B\Q
SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@



3`P+#`P

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U+C1P

M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG

3$W


Q-C`[








M

2!97)M86XL($1I<F5C=&]R/]F








M:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF;VYT('-T

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT

M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P




Q
M-C`[











\S,\Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D







M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF;VYT


M:'0Z(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C



#LP+C4T-#
@

M(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H





















#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U+C1P

M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG

3$T


Q-C`[
XU
M-3(P(#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+7)I



M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG



F4Z(#AP=<^,3(L-3`P(#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!T


M93H@.'!T)SXQ

M9RUL969T.B`U+C1P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U

3$P)3PO9F]N=#X\


Q-C`[








#$O
C0O
3




M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!T;W`[('!A


M)SXQ
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA


M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U+C1P=#L@

3$P)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


Q-C`[





M



M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U+C1P=#L@






#`P(#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U


T0G=F5R=&EC


M

M;&4]









30L-3$T(#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*





M(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F






34L
#`P(#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT


T0G=F5R


M;&4]
















M(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M



M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P



4\+V9O;G0^/]T



38P.R8C





T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U


M)B



M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D




M-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O






@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG



M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@

M




T0G=F5R



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O




F4Z(#AP

@

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT









M;&4]


M


M;&4]






M;&4]


T0G=VED=&@Z(#@E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B



M8VL@

M969T.B`U+C1P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


7!T


C`Q

3(O
#0O


PP,#`@/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@





38P.S`N-#0V.`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@






F4Z(#AP=<^)8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.S8V
M

M
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG


T0G
















M




M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D

M







M(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H











3`\+V9O















#DO
C4O


M:'0Z(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!T


M93H@.'!T)SXQ


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF;VYT('-T

Q-C`[
XR,S$V(#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U+C1P=#L@


M

6QE/3-$

T0G


M.'!T)SXP.\S,2\Q,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V



3`P+#`P
`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@





2`\+V9O






M-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G




M)SXD)B
Q-C`[






M;!%:7-E;&4L($-/3SQS=7`^*#,I/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@





F4Z(#AP

38P.S`N
C
Y

M










T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M;&4]








#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U+C1P=#L@


3$Q)3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@



M







M


M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L





M(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I




38P.SPO


M.'!T)SXD)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[-3(L

M.'!T)SXD)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
3
L
30P(#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97







L(&-O;6UE



@9G)O;2!T:&4@9&%T92!O9B!T


M(&]P=&EO;G

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXH
BD@3VX@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(U+`R,#$R+`T*86X@
M86UE;F1M96YT(AT:&4@)B

M('1H92`R
#$R(%-T;V-K($EN8V5N=&EV92!0;&%N(&]F($)L86-K(%)I9&=E

M=&5R;7



30V.W
@;W)I9VEN86P@;G5M8F5R
M(&]F('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G


@;V8@
2PP
M
#`L

M86EN('1H92!S86UE(&%N9!H879E(&$@;F5W(&5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E(&]F
M(0P+C(W+!A;&]N9R!W:71H(&%N;W1H97(@,3`L,#`P(&]P=&EO;G,@9W)A
M;G1E9!T;R!A;B!E;7!L;WEE92X-E1H97-E(&]P=&EO;G,@=F5S=!I;B!F

C4L
M(#(P
3
L(&%N9!C;VYT:6YU:6YG#0IO;B!T:&4@;F5X=!F;W5R(&%N;FEV
M97)S87)I97





2P@
C`Q

M:6XG/B8C


M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M/D]N($]C=&]B97(@

3(L(#$Q
RPS
S
@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]P
M=&EO;G

T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q



@



M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



S$L(#(P
M
3
@86YD(#(P


#L\+W`^





S$L(#(P
M
3
@86YD(#(P


#L\+W`^


@




M=VED=&@Z(#$P


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V




38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C



M;&4\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C









M;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M=F5R86=E($5X97)C:7-E(%!R:6-E/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


38P


M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T



T0G


M;W(Z(-#0T9&0T,G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C
M




M:#H@
24G/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S)3L@

SDL.#



M
24G/B8C




M:61T:#H@
24G/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@





M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:6]N(&=R86YT(&ES(&5S=&EM871E9`T*;VX@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@9W)A;G0@







M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V





S$L/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF;VYT


38P.SPO




7!T)SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@

24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



24G/B8C

2XP-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T





Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@




M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97











M:7(@=F%L=64@97-T:6UA=&4L(&EN(&UA;F%G96UE;G0F(S$T-CMS(&]P:6YI



M;CH@

M)SXF(S$V


@870@=&AE


Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
M

XV,BP-F%N9`D,XS

@3F5W



M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@9F]L






M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@8V]L

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V




38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM
'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&IU<W1I9GDG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\


#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\


38P.SPO

6QE/3-$)W!A


M(&-O;'-P86X]

M=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


M:61T:#H@
24G/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V





M;&4]

@97AP
M:7)E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

BPY.3D\




2XQ

T0G=F5R




BPQ
3`L
#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


XS,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M;&5F=#H@

7!T)SXF
M(S$V

38P.SPO









6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ

2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M;&4]

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V




38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@





M9#XF(S$V


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N-6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

XV,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N-6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

T0G

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V







7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ

2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M86-K(#(N



M;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SXF(S$V



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR



#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L



Q+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

Q

M


M;3H@







M)#8T
RPX

M;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G



M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S-V4V-C-C-%\Q-#$T7S0T8V1?83
R9%\Y
M-&$V
#$Y
#

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

3


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]


M=&4@
3



@

C`Q
R!7

T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97











@




@;VX@2G5N92`S



@82!D

M;!O9B`D,3DY+#8S,B!A;F0@)TP+2!W87


@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(L(')E


BPR-S
L.30T(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M:&]L97

M871E(&]F(#$Q

C$L

M9B`D
3`X+#$Y

Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
M

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


C`Q


M5&EM97

@17AP:7)E9#PO=3X\+W`^


Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R

@




T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


-F5N9&5D
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R

M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Y

M0FQA8VL@


M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT




M='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S





38P.SPO=&0^



M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T









T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T

M93H@.'!T)SY3:&%R97

M93PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V






24G/B8C

T0G


M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S)3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

L


24G/B8C



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S)3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E)SXF(S$V

Q


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M)SXF(S$V






M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




#L@=&5X

M86YT(&=R86YT(&ES(&5S=&EM871E9`T*;VX@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@9W)A;G0@







M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

Q+#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M




7!T)SXF(S$V


M;&4]





M:61T:#H@-S(E.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




3$E.R!T




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


Q-C`[

T0G

M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O






M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P


#L@

M



M;VUP86YY)B



&ES=&EN9R!M;V1E;'





@96YD
M960-D1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!T:&5R92!W97)E(&YO

M5&EM97


M;CH@



@96YD960@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P



M/B8C


M;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M97





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF




T0R
F4Z(#AP





M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C

M;&4]

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C







Q

M

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@




Q-3`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


Q-3`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ


38P.SPO=&0^


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G

Q

G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


38P.SPO

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



7!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N-6EN
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M







M/D)A;&%N8V4L($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C




T0G



Q-3`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO

Q-3`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C





M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$U
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-



G/@T*


@9W)A;G1E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V


#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M;&4]

M=&0^)B

T0G

7!T)SXF(S$V
M

38P.SPO=&0^












M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




W-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

#L\+W1D





Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

#L\+W1D/@T*



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


L



38P.SPO=&0^

M86-K(#(N


XY-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

38P.SPO

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S-V4V-C-C-%\Q-#$T7S0T8V1?83
R9%\Y-&$V
#$Y
M
#


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q






]



M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


]
T1T97AT

M=&]P/DYO=&4@
30@+2!);F-O;64@5&%X97



@5&]P:6



@86YD




-F5N9&5D($1E
M8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



M;&4]




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF;VYT('-T


Q

M)SXF(S$V


M





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF;VYT


38P.SPO


M







T0G=&5X


T0G9F]N


Q

3$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D






M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SX\9F]N

M;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V



M(S$U















T0G

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97






@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT


T0G

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D


6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`Q<'0G
M/B8C


C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V




!R

M)B

3$E.R!T97AT+6%L

U




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F






#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

#$\


G


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

T+C0Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@





38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C











M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




38P

38P.SPO




M)SXF(S$V





M:6XG/B8C


M8W1I=F4@=&%X(')A=&4@:7

@:6X@



















T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



M





M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T
M)SXF(S$V


3


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXF(S$V

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V





24G/CQF



6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T


M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


2PQ
3@L-#(V/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C


3PO





#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G

M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

6QE/3-$

M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V


#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M;3H@
7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

M-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V

M93H@.'!T)SXR-RPU



M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M








T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@






38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R






M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T


T0G



@86YD(&]T:&5R(&5X


38P.SPO

M












T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M/B8C




M
7!T)SXF(S$V



3(L
M
C0S+#4X

M*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M





Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D









Z('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N








T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V

RPX






T0G

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


S








M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M8V5M8F5R(#










RPX

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L(#(P
3(N($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#

34N(%1H:7


M=&EO;B!O9B!I='



M5&EM97

@86YN=6%L(%53




T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

Q


M4T
@5&]P:6





M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S-V4V-C-C-%\Q-#$T7S0T8V1?
M83,R9%\Y-&$V,#$Y,#,Q9C4-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO
S=E-C8S8S1?
30Q-%\T-&-D7V$S
F1?.31A-C`Q.3`S

M:&5E='
O4VAE970R
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

]

]






]











30V.W

M;'1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




#L@=&5X

@;V8@




#L\+W`^#0H-


30W.T%&128C
30X.RDN($%S(&]F
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#

M8F5Y;VYD(&%M;W5N='


C`Q
B!F;W(@











@82!R97-U;'0@=V4@:&%V92!N;W0@
M8V%P:71A;&EZ960@86YY(&]F('1H92!!1D4@8V]S='



#`N#0I4
M:&4@=V5L;!S=&%R=&5D('!R;V1U8W1I;VX@;VX@36%Y(#(Q+`R
#$R+B!(

M96QY#0IA;B!A9&1I=&EO;F%L(0T-3$L,#`P(&%N9`D-#8X+#`P

#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DL(&%N9`D,3$P+#`P
M,`T*86YD(0Q
C0L
#`P(&]F('!R;V1U8W1I;VX@=&%X97
@86YD(&]P97)A

Q
M+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN($EN('1H92!E=F5N=`T*
M=&AE('-T871E(&ES(&YO=!S=6-C97-S9G5L(&EN(&1E9F5N9&EN9R!I='
@







M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3



]



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#!P=`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL










@:6X@3F]R

2PR-#`L
#`P+CPO9F]N=#X\



#L\


M
T0G9F]N=#H@



M($-O;7!A;GD@86UE;F1E9!I=',@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71I97,@=VET:!#





M:6%L;'D@

@;V8@;W5R(&-O=F5N


M87)T97)S(&5N9&EN9R!397!T96UB97(@
S`L(#(P
30@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R
M)B
Q-C`[
S$L)B
Q-C`[
C`Q-P-F%N9`P+C@P('1O(#$N,#`@9F]R('1H
M92!Q=6%R=&5R(&5N9&EN9R!-87)C:`S
2P@



M(#$N

N-S4@
M=&\@
2XP

#$T

@96YD:6YG($IU;F4@
M
S`L(#(P

P@,C`Q-P@-XP,!T;R`Q+C`P

S$L(#(P
30L(&%N







#`P
M+#`P
!P=7)S=6%N=!T;R!T:&4@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y('=I=&@@0VAA

@;VX@36%R8V@F(S$V
#LR
2PF(S$V
#LR
#$T+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^




#L\+V9O



C8L(#(P
30L('1H
M92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V5I=F5D(&-U;75L871I=F4@861V86YC97

2PR-3`L


T0G9F]N=#H@


38P.SPO9F]N







P@,C`Q-P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@9W)A;G1E9`U
M+#`P,!A;F0@

@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]N('1H



@;V8@)#`N-C
@86YD






]

T0Q


#$S/&)R/CPO



]







]

M97


@







]









]



M871I;VX@;V8@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='


@86YD(&%S





M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V





M:')E92!M;VYT:'




M:79A;&5N='

@87)E('-T871E9!A=!C;W-T
M('!L=7




T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T




M(S$V


T0G

M;&4]




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF;VYT('-T

#$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^


T0G



24[


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V




2!M87)K
M970@9G5N9'







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@




M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N

2PQ-3`L




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M


#L\



]

@;V8@1D1)0R!A





M=&EO;@T**$9$24

M)#4P


T

2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q










S
@;V8@9&5B

#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DL#0IO9B!W:&EC



M96YS92!W87






\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@












@3F5W(%)O

M;FEN9RDL('=H97)E8GD@=&AE(')E;&%T960@8V]S='


T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#`@
`P(#`N-6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P


M







M5&EM97

M

T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M

M9'1H.B`R-'!X)SXF(S$V
F4Z(#AP=<^
RD\+V9O;G0^


6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0Z(#AP=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R
M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU
M:6XG/B8C



3@L-C

@
M96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P





M(&%N9`T*;&EA8FEL:71I97
@8F%S960@;VX@9&EF9F5R96YC97
@8F5T=V5E





@


M9B!&:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N='




M97


M:6YS=')U;65N='



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97









M;F1I=&EO;G

@

C0L

@96YD960@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P


T1T;W`^4F5V







M971H;V0@;V8@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!F;W(@9V%S(&)A;&%N8VEN9R!O9B!G87
@


M871E('1O(&-O=F5R('1H92!C=7)R96YT(&EM8F%L86YC92!S:71U871I;VXN


M










M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D9U;&P@0V]S=!-971H;V0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]

@







M97


M9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R

@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M

#L\+W1D




M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

M

M


C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V








T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q)3L@=&5X

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M)SXF(S$V



SPO9F]N






T0G

M;&4]


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF
M(S$V


Q-3`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^


T0G

M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@



BPU
#



M8V5E9'
0T*8F4@
M8W)E9&ET960@=&\@=&AE(&9U;&P@8V]S=!P;V]L+!W:71H(&YO(&=A:6X@




C`E

M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3

M871E;'D@

#D@;F5T(&%C





M:&EC:!T:&5S92!F86-T;W)S#0II;F1I8V%T92!A;B!I;7!A:7)M96YT+!T





#L@=&5X

#LF
M(S$V



@:&%V:6YG('!R;W9E


@=6YD97(@1D%30B!!4T
@



M:6XG/B8C





@9G)O;2!P


F5D(&-O<W1S(&5X





@8V]M



@:7

M='


]



M;&%S=&EC(&1E;6%N9X@1'5E('1O('1H:7,L('=E(&1O(&YO=!C;VYS:61E








M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY3:6YC92!W92!D;R!N;W0@

N(%1H97-E(&]P97)A=&]R




M:79A8FQE(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
#$R+!R97-P
M96-T:79E;'DN($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!W

M96-T:79E;'DL(&%N9`T+C@W(&%N9`R+C




@



]


T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M92`H)B

Q-#@[*0T*87)E(&-O;7!U=&5D(&)Y(&1I=FED:6YG









M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M)SXF(S$V



7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^


38P


C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C






24G/B8C
38P.SPO



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\



24G/B8C
M


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

MB`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/]T


M;&4]




M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

38P.SPO




M







M

'0M

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@








RPW
#D@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P


T1T;W`^4W1O


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M9GDG/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%D;W!T960@1D%30B!G=6ED86YC92!O;B!S=&]C

M(#DL(#(P







@:7-S


@96YD960@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P

M:6YG(0M,T@86YD(0T,S@L-3,Y+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DL#0IO9B!C;VUM

30V.W


M;V-K(&]P=&EO;G



@86YD('1H92!S=&%T















#L\+W`^#0H-


30V.W



T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^
M)B


M:71H('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B

M;G


M9VX]









@86YD(')E

M:6%L('-T871E;65N='



@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]N(&]R(&%F=&5R

2P@
C`Q



M
2P@
C`Q



M/3-$=&]P/E)E8V5N=!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!R;VYO=6YC96UE;G1S($YO=!9




M#0IT:&%T(&%R92!E9F9E8W1I=F4@:6X@



M9&%R9'


















]



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`P)3L@

T0G=F5R

38P.SPO


M/B8C

M;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B





M
C`Q



M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

3$R+#
U-CPO9F]N=#X\

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0G


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M
7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



7!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M






34P+#
T-SPO9F]N=#X\


6QE/3-$)V9O



2PT
M



]
M

@4&5R(%-H87)E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M/B8C






Q-C`[




C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97



3$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


24G/B8C
38P.SPO




M;&4]

Z(%!O=&5N
M=&EA;&QY(&1I;'5T:79E(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97
Z/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,3,N-7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

M='



6QE/3-$)W!A



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T

BPP









T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@




Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L93X\





M;'-P86X]



M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT


M/B8C




M;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC





M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


24G/B8C










7!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M






BXU




M(&)L86-K(#(N




BXU



'0M

M+6)O='1O;3H@




M-%\Q-#$T7S0T8V1?83
R9%\Y-&$V
#$Y
#

M;G1E;G0]


M



M;'-P86X]


M
#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$



\+W1D/@T*

#`E.R!B;W)D97(M



M8VL@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P
M)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

#


#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

M+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T






M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




M+#4Q-RPY
#
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R


M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

@

38P.SPO=&0^




\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


PW,3,L-C@S/]F;VYT/CPO





T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V

S+#8U

T0G=F5R=&EC






M(S$V


S(\


T1T;W`^4')O9F]R;6$@



M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF
M(S$V

M($1E8V5M8F5R(#






M;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V






M

#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

M9'1H.B`W


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M)SXF(S$V



M
24G/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
M



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@







C@S+#0Y


M

M;&4]

C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B




M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J




C
V+#0R.3PO9F]N




M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT




#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S

T0G

Q














W938V
V
T7S$T
31?-#1C
M9%]A
S)D7SDT838P
3DP






]

T1)1#!%6D8^#0H@(`@(`\='(^




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M
C`Q

]

]

]
M

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M





T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T


2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\




6QE


M9&EN9RUL969T.B`U+C1P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


Q






M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF;VYT('-T

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C



M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C

M

24G/B8C

T0G=VED



M
24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@
M.'!T)SXR+C









M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6QE


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@








T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N


34P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V




M

M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N



M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O


M)B






38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M


BXS
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S










@16YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\



3




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C



BPP
C4L-S(T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


M:61T:#H@



M:#H@
24G/B8C


MB`@(`\=&0^)B


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B





M)B

M;&4]

M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M;&4]

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V



G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@,7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO





38P.SPO=&0^#0H@







M


M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N

C(L
#DT+#8T-CPO


M+R\O0SHO
S=E-C8S8S1?
30Q-%\T-&-D7V$S
F1?.31A-C`Q.3`S
68U+U=O

O4VAE970R-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]

]
M


T1T



]


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M97



M











T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED

M93H@.'!T)SXR



M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R


M9&EN9RUL969T.B`Q






24G
M/B8C


M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M

M9#XF(S$V

M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B





M

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T



@87-S=6UE9!I;B!A
M8W%U:7-I=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

S
M+#8U
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V





T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



'!T)SXF(S$V




M(&)L86-K(#(N



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O




M)SXF(S$V

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N
'0M86QI



W938V
V
T7S$T
M
31?-#1C9%]A
S)D7SDT838P
3DP







]




]
M




]







38P



T0G






M;&4]













M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C
M






M)B




M-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G

C`Q
#H\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$E



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@
M=&]P.R!W:61T:#H@







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





T0G


Q



M/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M*#$X
BPS


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C
38P.SPO


2PS-#

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+7)I


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N


M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M

M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C
38P


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG






M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@



M:'0Z(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97(G/B8C


38P


M(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I






M-#8S+#

T0G=F5R=&EC



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



M
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


T0G=F5R

7!T('-O

C(Y*3PO9F]N



M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@.7!T)SX\9F]N

T0G=F5R=&EC





#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U











3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D




M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG






M.'!T)SXH-3(Y+#
V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O



T0G

M=&5R)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA


T0G=F5R

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U+C1P

M('1H92!C;VYT:6YG96YT(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@9'5E('1O('-E='1L96UE;G0@




C0Q*3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M



T0G9F]N

M;&4]




Q

M





T0G
M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M





M9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@






]



M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@





T1T;W`^3W5S=&%N






M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U+C1P





M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V




I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

M(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
M97(G/B8C


T0G9F]N


#$T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

M:'0Z(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97(G/B8C


T0G=F5R=&EC








#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I

SDL.3DV


M(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C







T0G9F]N

T0G=F5R=&EC











M(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C
38P.SPO





#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I




#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W1D



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C
38P.SPO




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9&EN9RUL969T.B`U+C1P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C
38P.SPO


T0G9F]N

M;'-P86X]




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C
38P

T0G=F5R


Q-C`[



M


M)B





38@)B
Q-3`[($IU
M;F4@
S`L(#(P






#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U+C1P



]







M/'1D/B8C

T0V('-T



T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M





M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

MB`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/]T

M.B`W






T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M)SXF(S$V






T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C






T0G

7!T)SXF(S$V






M;&4]

M-'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@.7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR


M(#(N-7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B




Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D




Q

M

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P


M;&4]




S0L
CDS/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


Q-3`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO






M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG


M

M;&4]


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF
M(S$V


Q-3`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

38P.SPO=&0^


T0G





T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M)SXH





Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L93X\


@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QS




Q


S$L(#(P
3


Q-C`[

S$L(#(P
M


M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^




7!T
M)SXF(S$V


M



M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT


@;VX@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E=#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
M








M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@




@;V8@87-S971S(&]N(&)A;&%N


M0T9&0T


38P.SPO

Q-3`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C



M

Q
M-3`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C



M/'1D/B8C

Q-3`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@




Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R

M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




#`E.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

7!T)SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

M;&4]


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C

M;6]U;G1S(&]F(')E8V]G;FEZ960@;&EA8FEL:71I97

Q-C`[

M)B




M


M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

B!S








F4Z(#AP=<^*#,Y-BPU-S,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

M:61T:#H@
24G/B8C



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF
M(S$V

M;&4]



3

T0G

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V



M(S$U

24G/B8C
M



24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I



]
M



7!T)SXF(S$V
M

Q+#PO





M;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V









#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@










Q-C`[






M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L

M


7!T)SXF(S$V





Q-C`[





38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R


M:#H@-S(E.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


24G/CQF;VYT('-T







M97




M+6)O='1O;3H@

M(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V


M)SXF(S$U


M0T9&0T

@;V8@
M;&EA8FEL:71I97

Q-C`[




Q-C`[






T0G

M='1O;3H@



M86-K(#(N

M*#(Q



M/B8C

M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S=E-C8S8S1?
30Q-%\T-&-D7V$S
F1?.31A-C`Q
M.3`S

O4VAE970S

M;G1E;G0]


M





#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\


]
T1P



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E






F4Z






M9&EN9RUL969T.B`U+C1P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF
M(S$V




Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



M
F4Z

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M


M=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R




T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V






Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V


M






G





7!T)SXF(S$V







7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



38P




Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


Q-3`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M

C$S+#8W-CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T




M
7!T)SXF(S$V



M






7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@








M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M
7!T)SXF(S$V

Q

Q-3`[








M

7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G9F]N








34P+#
T-SPO9F]N=#X\




M



M*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M








M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V



M.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#






38P




7!T)SXF(S$V


M;&4]






\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!B;W)D

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M/B8C





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF
M(S$V



M















7!T
M)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[







M(S$U




38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('-T




M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

38P





T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N
M-'!T)SXF(S$V





T0G

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R



M/B8C

7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\


#L\+V9O




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

6QE/3-$)W!A


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6QE



T0G

7!T)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M



M

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M9&]U8FQE.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H



M)SXF(S$V





M83
R9%\Y-&$V
#$Y
#

T0G=&5X




M

@*%1A



]


]

]
T1T97AT

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



M)B





7!T)SXF(S$V
M



3





M:61T:#H@



M:#H@
24G/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\

3$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

34P.SPO9F]N





#`L
#`P
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

Q-3`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO


M


\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M93H@.'!T)SXR
#$L.#@S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


Q-3`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT

M/B8C
34P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL







M:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T



M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V


#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@



M/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO

W
2PV

M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q


#L\+V9O;G0^





M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

38P





M='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

Q







38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O







T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M






#L\+W1D/CPO

]
T1P

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QS


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N

M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T

M.'!T)SXR



M;'-P86X]


7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


B4[


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF
M(S$V

C`Q+#@X
SPO9F]N=#X\

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0G

24G/B8C

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

V
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

34P.SPO9F]N=#X\



#DR+#
W
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

M-#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R





#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

C`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q

M




M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

38P.SPO=&0^






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT

M/C



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@






BPS.#`L
S4Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M-7!T)SXF(S$V






]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]












M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF;VYT

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF;VYT('-T





'!E;G-E(%)E8V]G;FEZ960\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\



T0G

M8FQA8VL@

M9RUL969T.B`U+C1P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL






M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED





T0G



M)SYI;B`R

M.B`X)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG

M
C`Q

T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M971H($1E0W5B96QL:7
L($-%3SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M93H@.'!T)SXW-3`L
#`P(#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M9&EN9RUL969T.B`U+C1P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S











#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LT+#0S
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[



M



T0G=F5R


M;&4]









38P.S`N-38W-3PO9F]N


3








B\Q
B\Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U





M969T.B`U+C1P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
















M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P






F4Z(#AP=<^,2PP,S0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@






C4L





M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF





M(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

#LP+C4V

30L







T0G

3`L





M:'0Z(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!T;W`[


M.'!T)SXQ



M(S$V



G
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D




#`L

M-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G







M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF






3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G





M;&4]






M






3(O
3(O
3
\+V9O


M
3`P+#`P

T0G=F5R=&EC


M











#LP+C4V-S4@/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D



T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N



C`L
#`P(#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O




T0G






2\Q
SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P
















#LP+C4U








#$O
C0O
3
\



T0G=F5R


M;&4]









SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P


`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-






M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF



3`E

M(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

#LP+B`T








#$O
C0O
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@












SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P







M:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF;VYT('-T

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT

M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P




Q
M-C`[





M

M:'0Z(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


#$O
C0O
3
\+V9O;G0^



PP,#`@/]F;VYT/CPO






F4Z(#AP=<^,S4L,3@Y(#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM






M:'0Z(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG




38P







M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


@86QL(&]P=&EO;G
@9W)A
M;G1E9`T*9'5R:6YG('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



M


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M9RUL969T.B`U+C1P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL












T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


T0G



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(W)3L@
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT


M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U






M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT




T0G=VED=&@Z(#@E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF;VYT

#$S(#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


3(@/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T






M;&4]







M











M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U+C1P=#L@






#`L
#`P(#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT


T0G=F5R


M;&4]



















PP,#`@/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@





38P.S`N
C

S$L
CDT(#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M93H@.'!T)SXV+#(V

T0G





T0G=F5R=&EC



T0G

#`@/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

M(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT




M93H@.'!T)SXQ

M9RUL969T.B`U+C1P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U

3$T)3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P


M





2PT


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M-2\Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA




3`L

M9&EN9RUL969T.B`U+C1P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



T0G=F5R


M;&4]

#LP
M+C(S



Q
R`\





M





M9RUL969T.B`U+C1P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


T0G


M






#@O
3`O








M(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!T;W`[('!A


M)SXQ




Q-C`[


T0G



M










6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!T


M93H@.'!T)SXQ


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF;VYT('-T

Q-C`[
XS,SDX(#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q









38P.SPO





#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D



M



M(#(N

M



#LF(S$V
#LQ

T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`P

T0G

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
F4Z(#AP=<^/&(^4VAA<F5S(%5N9&5R;'EI


T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT

@






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT




Q-C`[

M)B






M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V




Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


38P.SPO=&0^


M='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R



24G
M/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M)SXF(S$V

Q-C`[


M

M)B

3
E.R!T97AT+6%L

M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
XU.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P



M:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'1A8FQE(&-E



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L\+W1D/@T*



M.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

B!S

3


Q-C`[





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

24G/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z







M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


M9#XF(S$V






M


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


#L\



T0G=&5X


M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF
M(S$V



M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


M92P@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

24G/B8C

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

2XP





Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B





Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@





M9#XF(S$V

3$P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V



7!T.R!P
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N-6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF
M(S$V

6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I





7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M(#DN-W!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M)SXP+C4X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C




@97AP:7)E9#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V


#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M(#`N-6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

MB`@(`\=&0^)B






#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

M
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V




T0G








M

M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q




M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M=#H@.7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


M-7!T)SXF(S$V

M)B

M-BPV
SDL.#


M


M


M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

T0G

38P


M;&4]



BXU


M(S$V


M+#$T

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O

Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T

M7S
W938V
V
T7S$T
31?-#1C9%]A
S)D7SDT838P
3DP
S%F-0T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)

M86)L97

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#


]
M





M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]







M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V




38P


M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D









T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@



M8VES86)L93PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT






24G/B8C

M;&4]

24G/B8C



L


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24G/B8C


\+V9O;G0^

24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V




T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

R4[





]


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L




6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`Q<'0G/B8C
M

S$L







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF


38P




7!T
M)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ

24G/B8C
38P.SPO




24G/B8C


XS,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[





M/E9O;&%T:6QI='D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B


M


MB`@(`\=&0^)B


M
3




\+W1D/@T*

#`E.R!B;W)D97(M









38P


M;&4]


2P@
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q






M.'!T)SXF(S$U
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B


M=&0^)B



@8V%N8V5L;&5D/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@




M+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V



7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N-6EN
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P

34P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF
M(S$V



#L\





#$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


L

M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P

2XR-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@

M







Q-C`[

T0G

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N-6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

M/C4L
#`P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@





M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q




Q

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

Q






Q







M9&]U8FQE)SXF(S$V



M)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M(#QT9#XF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

6QE

S$L
M(#(P
3



T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@







S=E-C8S8S1?
30Q
M-%\T-&-D7V$S
F1?.31A-C`Q.3`S







M;F-O;64@5&%X97



]


]

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`P)3L@8F]R9&5R+6-O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F<M







M;&4]




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L

M



M
F4Z

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

M






Q-3`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@











T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E)SXF(S$V


24G/B8C









M

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

34P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@


3PO9F]N=#X\


M(#(N
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\






M

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT


T0G

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D


6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`Q<'0G
M/B8C


C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V




!R

M)B

3$E.R!T97AT+6%L

U




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F






#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

#$\


G


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

T+C0Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@





38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C











M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




38P

38P.SPO




M)SXF(S$V









T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97




6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`Q<'0G
M/B8C

M




T0G


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G


M




M
7!T)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@







T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D



24G/B8C



M=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


Q-C`[


MB`@(`\=&0^)B


M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^
M)B


#L\+V9O


M(-#0T9&0T,G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N



M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@




M;&4]


M96UE;G0@;V)L:6=A=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS














6QE/3-$



M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M-'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@


M/'1D/B8C


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
3
N-7!T)SX\

#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

38P.SPO=&0^


3`N-'!T.R!T97AT





BPR
CDL.#$X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/CQF


P+#DP
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

RPW




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M+#$Y


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N

M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M

M;&4]


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF
M(S$V


M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SX\9F]N=!S


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*





M;&EA8FEL:71I97
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B


M
RPT-CDL
S


38P





M


M)B

M;&4]




M


M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N



M='1O;3H@



6QE/3-$)V9O



M-S

M83
R9%\Y-&$V
#$Y
#

T0G=&5X


^#0H@(`@(`\='(^



2P@
C`Q
M

M

]
M



]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PQ
3(L
S4V/'-P86X^


M
T1T;W`^36]N97D@;6%R:V5T(&9U;F1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


#














]


]
M

]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#







T1T;W`^5&]T86P@8V%P:71A;&EZ960@8V]S='
\


]
T1T



M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

W938V
V
T7S$T
31?-#1C9%]A
S)D7SDT
M838P
3DP






]



M


#$S/&)R

]
T1R93X-


]




T1T;W`^4W1O



M:&%R97


]
T1N=6UP/C0X+#`V
2PR


W938V
V
T7S$T
31?-#1C
M9%]A
S)D7SDT838P
3DP






]

T1)1#!%14=!1SX-B`@(`@(#QT



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
M



]




]


]
T1N=6UP/C8U-RPW
#(\



3DP+#4X


]



]





T1T;W`^06YT:61I;'5T:79E('-H


38L



T1T;W`^06UO


]
T1N=6UP/C8T
RPX



]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C8P+C`P


M9VX]
T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='
@4F5C96EV86)L92!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@

]



2XP



]

]



S$N
#`E/'-P86X^

S@N
#`E



]




]
T1R

]
M







M87


]





M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
S=E-C8S8S1?
30Q-%\T-&-D7V$S
F1?.31A-C`Q.3`S
M

O4VAE970S.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3VEL(&%N9!G87


34S





M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S-V4V-C-C-%\Q-#$T7S0T8V1?
M83,R9%\Y-&$V,#$Y,#,Q9C4-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO
S=E-C8S8S1?
30Q-%\T-&-D7V$S
F1?.31A-C`Q.3`S

M:&5E='
O4VAE970T

T0G=&5X


^#0H@(`@(`\='(^



S$L(#(P
M
3




]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`L-C@P+#`S



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4')O=F5D($]I;!A;F0@1V%S


]

\+W1D

]
T1R93X-




M;3XH
S


]

S(\

W938V
M
V
T7S$T
31?-#1C9%]A
S)D7SDT838P
3DP






]

T1)1#!%
DU!


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


T1T;W`^


]
T1R

38P+#0S
M



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E)E=F5N=65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L-S`T+#
R
M


M9VX]

C



]

]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M+R\O0SHO
S=E-C8S8S1?
30Q-%\T-&-D7V$S
F1?.31A-C`Q.3`S
68U+U=O

O4VAE970T
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

RX@06-Q=6ES:71I;VX@*$1E=&%I;'






]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-BPP


38L.3
V/'-P86X^

2PS
C(L

]

]
M





]




S=E-C8S8S1?
30Q-%\T-&-D7V$S
M
F1?.31A-C`Q.3`S
68U#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S
W938V
V
T7S$T
31?-#1C9%]A
S)D7SDT838P
3DP

M971S+U-H965T-#

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5%1$%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M







]

@6T%B

]
T1T






]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M


M=%\S-V4V-C-C-%\Q-#$T7S0T8V1?83
R9%\Y-&$V
#$Y
#



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M8RX@
S$L(#(P







]


\


]
T1T97AT







]


\














2!R;W=S



3(@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S(L



M9VX]


]



]








]
T1N


]





W938V
V
T7S$T
M
31?-#1C9%]A
S)D7SDT838P
3DP







]


]


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^

]

]




M;7`^
30L


3(L




T1T;W`^

L


]





W938V
V
T7S$T
31?-#1C9%]A
S)D7SDT838P
3DP
M



]
T1R





T1T;W`^




]











]
T1N


M96YT($]B;&EG871I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M




M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

S=E-C8S8S1?
30Q-%\T-&-D7V$S
F1?.31A-C`Q.3`S
68U#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
W938V
V
T7S$T
31?-#1C9%]A
M
S)D7SDT838P
3DP




^


M1$E$




M8V5I=F%B;&4@*$1E=&%I;'


]
M






]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@-BPP


]



3@R+#

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U
CDL






T1T



]




]






]
T1N=6T^*#0Q-2PP
#`I/'-P

S`P
M+#0S

M;G5M/B@S
C

]
T1P


M
2PS-#










T1T;W`^16QI;6EN871I;VX@;V8@

]


L


]

]
T1N=6UP

M/B@S
#`L-#


]

]





]
T1N=6T^
M*#$W



]


]


M;F%T:6]N(&]F('1H92!C;VYT:6YG96YT(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@9'5E('1O('-E
M='1L96UE;G0@86=R965M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

M1&YU;3XH-2PR
#4L


]

M1&YU;7`^)`V+#$T.PT








]



]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E!E97)L97-S(%-E='1L96UE;G0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]
T1N=6UP/B0@



T1T;W`^1&5L;VET=&4@
M86YD(%1O=6-H92!3971T;&5M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F]N+6-O;G1I;F=E;G0@97AP96YS97,@86YD(&9E97,@
M:6YC=7)R960@=VET:!S971T;&5M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L




'0O:'1M;#L@


]

2P@
C`Q



]
T1T


M96UE;G0@4&5R:6]D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG

S$L(#(P



#`T



]
T1R

]


]
T1R




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0W)U
M9&4@3VEL(%-W87!S,R!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S


]


T1T;W`^3W5T






T1T;W`^

Q(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@








]
T1N=6UP/C
V+#`P



]



@0V]L





]










]


]









M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

S=E-C8S8S1?
30Q-%\T-&-D7V$S
F1?.31A-C`Q.3`S
68U#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
W938V
V
T7S$T
31?-#1C9%]A
M
S)D7SDT838P
3DP




^


M1$E$

]
T1T


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P




]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3




]
T1R





]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


M
3
T+#(Y






]



M;RUM87)K970@;V8@9&5R:79A=&EV97


M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

W938V
V
T7S$T
31?-#1C9%]A
S)D7SDT
M838P
3DP






]



M871I=F4@3&EA8FEL:71I97

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L
M(#(P



C$S+#8W





]









]



M=F4@;&EA8FEL:71I97


]
T1N=6UP/B0@




M=!I9#TS1$E$,$5:2T%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^



]








T1T;W`^

]


M86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
SDL
M


]


]
T1R93X-

M;G1S(&]F(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&]N('1H92!B86QA;F-E('-H965T/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R
3


]
T1R;SX-



]
T1N=6UP/B0@



'0O:'1M



M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q





T1T;W`^


S=E-C8S
M8S1?
30Q-%\T-&-D7V$S
F1?.31A-C`Q.3`S

O4VAE
M970U-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS=')O

@*$1E
M=&%I;'


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





\+W-T



34P+#



\

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#$W
M+#
T

]


]






]

]









]

]




]




T1T;W`^

C$S+#8W


]





@86YD($QI86)L:6QT:65S/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S

]
T1N=6T^*#4L-S0X+#@T


]

]
M





]



M;&5N='





]
M


]


M;F0@;&]N9R!T97)M(&1E8G0L(&YE=!O9B!D:7-C;W5N=',\+W1D/@T*(`@

]




]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


S=E-C8S8S1?
30Q-%\T-&-D7V$S
F1?.31A-C`Q.3`S
68U#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
W938V
V
T7S$T
31?-#1C
M9%]A
S)D7SDT838P
3DP



M:G


M9#TS1$E$




@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#


M86QI9VX]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



T1T;W`^5&]T
M86P@8W)E9&ET(&9A8VEL:71I97



]



]




]

S`L-34V+#
P
M

M86QI9VX]


]
T1T97AT


M='

#`\



]


#`L



]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



]
T1N=6UP/C(P
2PX.#


M8VEL:71Y+!$;W5G:&5R='D@1G5N9&EN9SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@


S=E-C8S8S1?
30Q
M-%\T-&-D7V$S
F1?.31A-C`Q.3`S

O4VAE970U-RYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

3`N




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P






]


C`Q+#@X


]

]

M($9A8VEL:71I97
L(&EN=&5R97-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




T1T;W`^4F5V;VQV:6YG




M(&]F(&1E8G0@:7-S=6%N8V4@8V]S='



M9VX]

\+W1D/@T*





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S
M-V4V-C-C-%\Q-#$T7S0T8V1?83
R9%\Y-&$V
#$Y
#
Q9C4O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]







#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

T1T;W`^4F%N9V4@;V8@97AE



@3W5T


M






M:&%R97










'0O:'1M



]




T1T

]









]





W938V
V
T7S$T
31?
M-#1C9%]A
S)D7SDT838P
3DP





]

T1)1#!%2%5!13X-B`@(`@



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P






]
T1R



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@







BPQ
3`L

@17AE




]

]
T1N=6UP/C0L
30Y+#`P


]

]
M




]
T1T97AT




T1T;W`^17AP:7)E9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]






]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M


M




]
T1R


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S-V4V-C-C-%\Q-#$T7S0T8V1?
M83
R9%\Y-&$V
#$Y
#

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS



BX@3W!T:6]N


M1#(^

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CQB

]


]







RPX


M.2PY

M7S
W938V
V
T7S$T
31?-#1C9%]A
S)D7SDT838P
3DP
S%F-0T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)


M
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@



S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^










M



]
T1N=6UP/C0L-#8S
M+#




]


]
T1N=6UP/C$N



M



]


]




M-C-C-%\Q-#$T7S0T8V1?83
R9%\Y-&$V
#$Y
#


M(&-O;G1E;G0]

M04




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@




]

]
T1N=6UP/C$N
M

M;7`^

]


]



M
30N

M1&YU;7`^




M=!I9#TS1$E$,$524D%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]

]
T1T




]





M9VX]

@8V%N8V5L;&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


]

M-2PP
#`L



]
M




M='






M+#0V












]
T1N=6UP




]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

W938V
V
T
M7S$T
31?-#1C9%]A
S)D7SDT838P
3DP







]

T1)1#!%0D1!0SX-


#$S/&)R/CPO

]






]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


S=E-C8S8S1?
30Q-%\T-&-D7V$S
F1?.31A
M-C`Q.3`S
68U#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S
W938V
M
V
T7S$T
31?-#1C9%]A
S)D7SDT838P
3DP


M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$5$1D%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@



M;VYG/C$T+B!);F-O;64@5&%X97
@*$1E=&%I;'



M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]



]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@




]





]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
RPW

M/5].97AT4&%R=%\S-V4V-C-C-%\Q-#$T7S0T8V1?83
R9%\Y-&$V
#$Y
#
Q



M;W)T(&ED/3-$240P14)*04

M86X]

#$S

]
T1R





]
T1N=6UP/C








]

T1T;W`^0VAA;F=E(&EN('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO

]
T1N=6UP/C$N
M




M+R\O0SHO
S=E-C8S8S1?
30Q-%\T-&-D7V$S
F1?.31A-C`Q.3`S
68U+U=O



T0G



S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/C@S-RPW



]











X-RPR



]




M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W+#8S




T1T;W`^5&]T86P@9&5F97)R960@;&EA8FEL
M:71I97



RPT-CDL
S



]

]


]
T1R;SX-



M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S-V4V-C-C-%\Q-#$T7S0T8V1?83,R
M9%\Y-&$V,#$Y,#,Q9C4-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M
S=E-C8S8S1?
30Q-%\T-&-D7V$S
F1?.31A-C`Q.3`S

M='
O4VAE970V.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#



]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@



]



M87)T7S
W938V
V
T7S$T
31?-#1C9%]A
S)D7SDT838P
3DP
S%F-0T*0V]N

M:RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#$N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970P,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`U+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M=#`X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970Q
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3
N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T,38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C4N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Y+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#,R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
RYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#

M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Q
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#0T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
M-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#8N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970T.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4P+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#4S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U-YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970U-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3@N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970V,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8R+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#8U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V-BYH=&UL

S=E
E-C8S8S1?
30Q-%\T-&-D7V$S
F1?.31A-C`Q.3`S

 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalariesWagesAndOfficersCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForCommissions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_OutstandingDerivativeContractsWithRespectToFutureProductionTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OffsettingAssetsTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsInStatementOfFinancialPositionFairValueTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_LitigationSettlementsAndContingentConsiderationReceivableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ContingencyConsiderationReceivableAndRelatedRoyaltiesPayableTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_UnamortizedDebtDiscountAttributableToWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_LongTermLineOfCreditNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermLineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductiveOilWellsNumberOfWellsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ProductiveOilWellsNumberOfWellsNet1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductiveOilWellsNumberOfWellsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ProductiveOilWellsNumberOfWellsNet1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductiveOilWellsNumberOfWellsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ProductiveOilWellsNumberOfWellsNet1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfLineOfCreditFacilitiesTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeAndInterestExpenseDisclosureTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockOptionsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvedOilAndGasPropertySuccessfulEffortMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnprovedOilAndGasPropertySuccessfulEffortMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasPropertyFullCostMethodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgesLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgesLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SettlementAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_AdvancesToOperators'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedCostsProvedProperties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedCostsUnprovedProperties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentOwnedGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_SettlementPayables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgesLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermLineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OilAndGasExplorationAndProductionIndustriesDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOilAndGasProperty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_PurchaseOfOilAndGasPropertiesAccruedAtPeriodend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_PurchaseOfOilAndGasPropertiesAccruedAtBeginningOfPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_AdvancesToOperatorsAppliedToPurchaseOfOilAndGasProperties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_CapitalizedAssetRetirementCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsIncurredAcquisitionOfOilAndGasProperties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepletionOfOilAndGasProperties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCostsAndDiscounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationAccretionExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseOtherLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountsWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_CommonStockIssuedForTerminatedOilAndGasAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_CommonStockWarrantsGrantedAsFinancingCostsCashFlow'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_CommonStockWarrantsGrantedAsFinancingCostsRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_CommonStockOptionsGrantedRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDeferredIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_IncreaseDecreaseInSettlementReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_ContingentConsiderationReceivableIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_IncreaseDecreaseInSettlementPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_SettlementPayableRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInRoyaltiesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfOilAndGasPropertyAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOilAndGasProperty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpensesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_PurchaseOfOilAndGasPropertiesPaidSubsequentToPeriodend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_AdvancesFromOperatorsReceivedInSwapForOilAndGasProperties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_AdvancesToOperatorsAppliedToDevelopmentOfOilAndGasProperties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_CapitalizedAssetRetirementCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_LiabilitiesRelievedToAdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_FairValueOfDetachableWarrantsGrantedInConsiderationOfDebtFinancing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MoneyMarketFundsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times



<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times




<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedCostsOfUnprovedPropertiesExcludedFromAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedCostsOfUnprovedPropertiesExcludedFromAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedCostsOfUnprovedPropertiesExcludedFromAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCashAndCashEquivalentsTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCostMethodInvestmentsTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAssetRetirementObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpenseOtherCapitalizedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'
<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_BROG_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times



<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times










D^^-9
`$._QW,'X&_-P.N/THP
MFX.,YJM'%@3SMG!LTPX3K`/+AB63B&O9&URN5+MZ7_WY3RC'\,WG]UC1T9L=
MG'TJE2^;XL-%I=0LXHMJR`=/!H&1H6*$R:#R
A0

61DX$_]+Z4WX&1ED'-
JZJU9R0B)-$=)F[RA$+WR*
;%5D

M3W




+O1BA_0*NWN^



3KNB(Y94Q\K'1OR*BDU@1\:MGMO
MO/NP!4:N-0F?@7\+J_!=(VZ=X#C8.#86=F@X]M_`BK6://UT%[[W`JQ[WX/6

06F


&T'
MJC`V8$.9X
IP?QT+/1[#6VA5/T*59*A!9H;3\AR

H
M*S'

?&Z'R@WX/A[Q`V*

[#N*L
MCIS]_.\(K?SRY@O/A?\;Y/=`5ZE^K%






#.@_;TY`D`
M?'1IP@




M\B%PI?J

8(O6.YB&PSG]9WH=;9@'DGPG$^8U2?&76(
M/@I&G2?.IP8+




M!SZ*J3:TV@+^V;K-K@S?!TZMACT+Q\?G=;5W_NV:`:-6(.E1:-9MDF(T:F

M&7
P6
8^4_#4-*Z%XSW'
'\-IK8U`X.)[0S^QY@O?AM\
8+_'=RZYOF'BSH)

;[^-VV`3
M--BK;X%_F*?U-F$;BH+`J;*.`RZ3=R

@*0A)PX%B20`PA-6M-LWJ/[D:0S[
M%SN\

M/7\*7CSG!;Z1KW!L6


*`Q]^S$*T4[0']YR


Z!D


MSD.255X_$$THI-(HZIM2\P[`B
#TYN;%VO^FG&R`E*-C&4DT`LGI02DL[S

MM


&.73AJ`3ZF@
7N=D*;LJ

M$Z6
I;D48.(]65)OI*W+X@XBP%X24.=:0=(2:?2=N65%5-Y%55*78Y^%*P



M@I-7.$B)=^*V;2P-

!


J7N/-?LF('A1`A#+H=.=8)H`
/+

J@\8&L

Q!0Z`F&`B\J:L[W8$JD
MI5X24E+D'@X4?`HD

#-IU]TV
M7`[/1C&TH&$%)+PB%$;:V/CBY/HZL;Q\I?47F
Z)EVML(1!+=R7)D6^06F.:


VBZ(##\VR%?57DX&J6



?B4EY\.3RDF$DBZ14SA!D+
SZ&V$8IW3
MW]A#H*
:
$!


L@\4^2D(NJYFFWN#3`H028THRB*G


$WS\)*L

0O7%A(:

=T?P)X]H[W0+U#4#*0W
5W;


MTRLWR:2!D=2N7'MX/UWH2.+-2U\



832`$ELQ)88
M&UE;OV%CZQZS4?H6P!/[4CVWU&/;E9J%*DW'3L1J%44+:8S%!X$FH4@N;E


MH$1)+AVDQ*Z7%WB14[E.2'W/!
*)WK1MH?R2M-WVFYX311RR\^)(&P!0W(
M7;









M7\YL_N[_V



1=@[
YY
MM9O+CP2_

?@`]P@E



M+4=&X-2-`499B+E^\&]'\P.@EK22[Q'`Y'ODAJD&)PWXA$4=[2X
'N%ONC:!
M@PPC=PHB78
`Y$JFZQ#@8I\']@3K2:IPY%<((#W;YW(!3BNQF/X!^K5``00!U(VT!G

M.Z!V@1_UWT7`1
:`2:1'^+N3I1%SZE/)4=M
BN
P`88LR
M#O\&








M`A6`7$0Z0/D-6`5%7+ET2@N
)1U]48O'PJ[H:BH2.F!:QQXR?^W]^!SM][
MJ


M0!UVQXYV]D?GIJ/]=G%Q_48P;:#;Q.



M0Q^)$^29(@[(UA"3+:7,CK&?X1)$7$5%TJ$T01WZODKA[G@FXT]H(HH85N
M@R0F\U6P:M@JN_N&#=SQX*[T)G?`\=S
'J6*B(SYU\``&^EB+(?C+WE55$`
M3=@4FT)S6P#MK\#'O^U4*'G2A/GG2&4OM)D8@D%!X!F'MAQ0.6GS3FA'XF






0!
M%PY1E
QX$3D700YY$H4]C
(6%^&T*SU0#A^HC*][2OT@_JRP8?1$I$44:]_A
M*TV0LPM=;K6^*;4^`1)7\P@L?&^E]-

M\1!\

.)Z4AO

$
&8HGJ@HRZLW;MW
M]T1G`-E$Z!C\X=2_B#ZLT(7]H1G-X7A:!P69XF.1/
1U!J3GA;UWM5LDLI

OB;C]+N.$PGVGBYOCS
%(^BG$AT`@*N9

MC#PV!4[8ZW0EC-LQ@O*C)$8D&WU=FE`6WMP.W:L=03-?YZF$XD9%%S5UT[1T

#X+.B^P9J5LPVW;:5C'J/:_=5U86G8;ZC\^WBTJG
MI?T==HT]



2M#Y`1_^O#Y
MDOQ%-Y^O+[7//L8
<7YKE'/&8\%N#?.OX/;<(H=58ZFGE8




T7/X


/
H0P:KO!Q/1;7J8%SRHD*X)]+\@-(!@@8(!+`@]^+
<@G?T.INZ]L`*%19=^)KB$O8N3)N!B^[3@5J8!CD'C<BC)
MY);?&IX_F54H\J`F'R^)680/O.X$%@MGT@.=I@'AEK/$-:P)0*EQ[KD^$^EK

A_^VK?F^@
DC2[`D<V3HO:%!P;RMZ$ES`5?P
#I<$)43(D9F
1H

M)`CZ#/Z89\D@]?TX*P#BKXO4(WE/

L

J'%6^4!O
1G`GOIC?H<5[/R1!`P(]*;(1]$E0:E0\
4G

63CX



M0IAFT7O.HTR?%RR


+O


M8S?V&!$M
!L_DGIWH
NR
.I\%O)G`^&PBV4XB;@4D\UQW+'T*$:!#S?C*;V*


O$L6XLY2[0/XYTNH6\_?H`MD1UK6.UF[

MVJQ+$\R6?\J-9/
WX7C'#J7(6P/N!7?%'`

6%0_(C%).KF872FZN2K1,,4S]Z8[X2)126IRTMZ10E_.

@K2=CT$.Z^`DRD
=O==MJUY$'CIK]]TM!MT
M

ELEZ4[7$+-FU[R?],'9B\X`X#,:FT@E_-[Y\B_)W2ZBCE!5Q]CC2A'F:
M756#4_=QVIYN`IQGC!T`%.RI;3A3LR2'SC2;`BXR;M]WY&D9DW.F1ZR;'I

\.O2-Z-T@4Y[ZP48UIFYGA/FML=C

I45Z9D4NA1YY]?.
M4PB


7




_2&P(7T@]F

P:+%=.#T
7(78:

U%PL)!B.--&Q..:8%9S]A_1X)-W/*Y_

M5G`TOD!(*4&^;!A--UDI#J]5)L!I1

M(Z

6J.=&`
MP(W/@^FY$BL2L


M




M3'-34X4HS:Q+=8HLHU:D2HCS(CC2
UM8Y/];0ZQ`'EP3$W^F/P5)S/^Z*&0H



4T.16#
ME
^MRQFC7%W4Q+33;#@IGW:JS!7#X:XLY

;-Z?DN453`%-&M6
MD$,F_0@*(&R2Q%C9G$T=\7(;)[URBUOKAO


!3!/&L*SH2




QSPKW5L@T3_


B

M

QRO#%ZBQDUOA@3
?/)C1EQE\NG%FYMF9'=)E0?.J%Z

M\3GLCO*A;O1-W;(/77BQ@FV\P`S_]8J&3*S)$@9%PA3WK\J11XI;]9:-G21B
MLO^@Z`E





]]-.F[IB[^

7!I

#F4#3CL
)U)^K/@F?FSJ\GQ/

F#W.W1BG.H6$.
M2QO7^!?P]@EV+=/[/





MKEUD

MSBYN_D!UV#PWS3=B!KO@1%1=D1L3I
A]7WR67'1W8L0.JH]W(1





R;\[


MY=03?BOE=

M.2V/ICDOPL=RM#MX2JWR4Q)B]2)5GN%YS`+?C8.T7/I?@4OQ1TY=YU)0`\*!
MCZ:5]*OF!FKIS$#:`)\;*'FE:)






M#W[_&7]CT[_^\BD
9LA-SPT3_A

HF&J.PAFQ7SC6'[/\D5+ZD/(A'0C1@6KUU(




M_X_D3NL/&#?RB=V&9(%1NTBL.



M-!W%4Z4$!

MGNYB=$:]K

$Y`
3&W)


GAP/^UMC


;1U5'
M+









MV-VR=
*!'\'Q;@&0\3N8BB2O?.5\WNY8683]YN`Z
M_+E
MJ-


M[NYR6G=:&`!\=)MI(1ZL\\K7T(XJ)V5E`I*BI3TM60+EUAXLVJU+6[NMTS




M%03(Q`_8J.[E]:3;M72[*7WG5ECG^Y5?MT.^V]YR;6^Y0_26
XVEF:+G^+NB

7OXS?&
ME3_4#M
*(S32]KZ=18FG+)'M?.YGYD@?=H=EP-_^T3=-Q4;I+F1UD$N5DKY:


MP4=1H%29Y^!4+4C+;+JLC;P;-'L0

M2MN89N'Z




OR))5^;/W6))

MYTH^E!JM7ZXK43:
4



2!E7GF\`4B&%D]



M6:;\Y'B!DNB\3\FG=SIB(P0@U?L:4DC8J=BD-3T-N3?8GSJ2:(69%I\B2K

;&MO-T;

M]U


M$_5$3M3ZF`\GLOZ[?5NW1\/GI94T]U0/J=B`_FGVRY:MMP==7^N_VS5TRQHU
MW`E\`/]`T7XH]5$`CNL?


*V94UKTU_]=P'
M=%_Y\/`\%JT@![H8P:LVRU2'61

M=Z+(N2











EN/D%U&.S!?,I4]YJT36CC'/5<S3+$8ZG&O


3=7S*CVD4AF))%K%J
M29B(70I&H=JWR.A!:


2





GK^G;AA.O8H



XZDRZE

M9=



MQ%:8

IZ`3Q
K^4U



%H[XZ]&
M**_3N




QS!^?37J=?)Q!*/VN#MP<DTY/%)Z




R=FWI/V:F1U^J
7FX&_[.'.2B6I20NO2/:H



N$







X^Q[

)\R]Z:N#[#B:()T!`=.






CVKBQ:@-8E^J




M]Z31(\Z8.H+?LOB1




MS?R2*=
/;B
6/O#9&Z(E?2K=

KC8
P#$I)=EX^Z1)?0#H%('





M*?




(4?3O`?-\QW@68O
MN=?RDQQ*@SBY29`APKW`X0F7V5E\RKLVDY3!OQ7@N*
IM'QS;ZMSB$`IB.


M2
/U'YC@6SAKS/7HU.X`-_

M)^$\B/!QSD
EVW.C**%QN3A





L53RY==(P-2!:_.]JW-XP
#.VP;-@#AP1U#[]26/Y!])LMGBDWPX5]3\
`[#IR4R1



MPHI5R8

M8.1?`Z5U1#8F6&YP
'XRXU]R-


-+E#5



D=3-XW2EX:Z)^;FIJ:TN2H@J:$?[




$91Y!(A]Q&;3)E[P`8




]E




V!J&%[^-&W2GJD-F7R&*



0SHAG8Y+?`A-)L):&



Q$)U##6@)5V;4J_2('IJI$M^?\O(O8:9'T'Z%367EE08]#S
T#DP







-U+7

MW@\%E#]160A^:&A0BDPYS+44Y
!YMH@N6U*-ZXGX=A9LMW2C9^H#RY+'NBW2


!'::7T
M))4+H`+P
L6\HI[M=JG;B*X$.+VGMPTXF&9/H=RUE=E^PP3[1QCMEK
*]^L8


MU^JJA?
A/LM5(RO\M$U58&Q;?R$Z3%D.5U
NMN!4-WN=88G)U]8%+W5_ER
MAJX^?V@J[9[9`U/OV\

M5H7.ZJ[P2U3TCV11U4#3KU2_2]LU2*[17(W/T'N]OFX;9J
UOKPZU\JWM!!'

M=1^PLB0
^%`TK`5XE26






6T@

M_


M1N;FB6:IUR&;


M

YN\;P)L4/*:?$#_UR9T\R''?$`/HX#XTDG.`63

DO^K:0[UGCY0N[#(C0X+@1'(VQ1*L
M/+N%9ZUD[=6QV2











/AU]J#6

M(B#(NEW34ALK2T-&93VW3YK=Z?=?\[([]!N\7G@KVRL&8M(?1&%@H*';Y366
MI;E1^ET`AH#(]SA/XX]8E;10`
3M\$@4PZ[?I3



M`YNS$`

#H1)%(6H3%-H$A39!H8ZGU8HM`D*



+)J'KT4-D:U
L@:?VL)]S+P@5.UP;\[;SU/IY






MV^IH%YJH&U?+MM?NZI8!!FEP
_LY=T
J)8?O&^VHCLWY3:;7DO-!IR5^C6




'(10.).P40$)2_]`F^B$T0N/TG./_'5;67
M(1G`:8?@6&*@*X?9;YI)OSB_'D=N3%&[Z





^B=


T^XPHM_
MRY@O^.H197B=N2UO2(5.





/
D0?F!91?AKH_25'4DGSM@BM*HB`3
M[]['GW/@KRX=YIF\YX-W%Y\^RA^&[]X4




MC]22

_R3D2U),J'P/_+E#D]VKTS+DR)D1_:BWDSOH1\!W=NW.9.PY
M[@R?C5PX;@?$!=`P!]?[I(,!)
2+!X=CY23VJ-$
[$3H2`@;]0!\&[D'%J






+$M

^0^[$C?`64/-<1;DG'YM4[D-VEX$!XIGW!W-&U`3E[EW

=32\


V$MUUK85V\P

?^
(X3J@N


<ZQY*UVHGO4



**T
V@&!


MA^J@?IJ3:+ND'Q9K;9=T5EFS:I0?)3'RW/LE8Y-=2[=[9?-;VP[4ZQ;M85G_

A)Z/)5B




MIT
PIHFGJ?33511)F*/6:]/EO/`LSL3U
;)5FEC%CF'FS8XLH8TXI;N7AQ


MOF@K?6_0!U&`\1OSL@I@\Z9/)&\2(
U]-G\



\'6&8

3'TJ0VVF@06-5:V%!I/'6E2YV='^F
--


M/S`A\6KZ21[.9Q^UJUGF0S\]8?+F56FER=B2A.CQVNL4LBUS-*G`[D!C6I





M0+H@





MAAH15]J4












L=\4%R+Q:;FL
&NCT<






M+.*II$_HE/^+#_&D1!

(33H:DS-\(8^;WI$XM*VT!91)/&:N1R4]
MBL#.)UUHWQ?Q@OMVC'/)LEVC9_G)15T\[#Z[RD=]1#!8`+C:W\,5OP#JL*
M0MC[Q'D225O*L5,*+YS2G9.-!L%D%9JDIX%RZCW(_L`<$<$R@.I$ENG&PWR
MVCT_G04DLVA(EU[ZN%KD)[-+E7EUO!
_7759*Y%E&:S4GV63=CG


M94D+(X





H


M+A:?BY/$4AK'&Z


MXI

M2!^-RC8ZKT%B\0EP-1B.=



`??IU3:)C-RVZO^!QV1_E0





M%&@N:Q$5=7!@%7KZ9X[2[Q
C+SY/'
$N3(SW
?*H=!O/MZ
MCK_)=YZ*U+`6




-U86??DR)8PM?
MU%-IN

*=$H4\*=
MR;2_K,WB1%:D97P6V[Z/4W$N(<Y25G&]?P%KC6#7(M?ZLY^6C,FF]C_G2K]P
MX%0^OP64*\V3H=3O+<&O2&.Z@CSG+\#B-+K[^:)`V?4R[5@OJO#X)8
%*I-
MD!!AX666ML*E&`T/I6@\7-(I5E0ZE!7FHNJ.@AS;'.M*6BYI0;(]/N;HWF)A

+-#ZN


M][N0B9_H1O.R'RH0(.



(9:*G`Z=89M$()*3Z70;S
M`@#I02^

O
`%ZY7FH;*@`:UDT4(!)9$-*KL/`#U!A5T8YU(XU



JP=&K)

-TC6D;I8F




MGU5:W
-2L2V_5*W=6
/^V'5Z6E.L_(KMB&
=[-$4UP*RO!R5T*#7ANKX#43W





KZJ;IE2?4VF3O]OD[Q

''.3S
M.!C(E7.E4DY?$HO//6&Y/]#-[B'Z$;Q
=-KZR'@.#N`-%[+X??S&'MQ(=+%/
M9__@X)&];V=1XBE+9#N?^YDYTH?=HE[%@A]]TU1LE/9*U4$N54KZZC`DUQ\G







67
M&C-:/%(BGC1^NS:6*3\B/U39U$C5EYZGI?DQ%BXW.'/]15D142B
X7V^D=

[@T87;SP<3!/S8!^[_7.
M&UO=/WU4(A?#\1Q_S+1HGOCGP72J:Q?ST/4TLT\]#HRB[?RWN9/2X'F)K1[*




M.;1TV^Y5I9Z\M(M7'=?;?E:FJ=O=LI47[4&MX$)5W9V!H8]&UOJ[TR!%;_MV
M/SENJ#TX7L(T9X+OSLK'H-;FF53E\:F

H_;=^%L.!CJ_5YE5F(];G=S3_60





^H#X5+

M@.FT!-$21(

M

13)*24OILXUE/(R

KS)).PA!6





6`HWN


B

A/Y9@;?/8

M]3Z/-FIY$
NYS6-O(6^Z^7S$U-C:JRA-2+&LD51L?HIE-4?2TP?=H3[LEAW\
MU9Y(S3659VXXMDFOK;GR?




M*8G!-
EA]SR38Z2

9O(

MHL.4Y7`UY6(+C2C


U(


7EPO[]:AIFE9'



[N[EBDU0R2V9F*C!:+9NDY;



C/5-'33K&5^4FMR

]9H_]H\9!%`%VDX*SZ8QV[@1]I=Z``GGQ`T
MDR2DI^'=)^:$&H/=3
`J';/9+0LUV]1I(OC;8^UD#Z3R'8_!F([FSAAV]==?

6(=M
PLB'MH!YYSCRNR#_]4N.TA1:W,[^3T^@(OA-SSF

MX(HE00=F`)S'_^LOUB\'W4;*AZ0*\#YO9A;=)KUV?C.^#SS@@%=.ER'+C)/
M[6LP8=[;)AW;]R!V/.V3XY;MVG-2J#_^G#,_8MHW-@[N?/C3Y)EO]'YL$+P


T;

MIG4)T$!ZZ1Y;:OK$ITIX+M%SUK;9ZS-@6@,L+G$PVZWGEGQK[1N5^\/:YEY
MN#HI8_L6F8C%@XN]?L;L%U2

M7%OA6Z5



MNWSZTE'LV%I:U^8&_M-0W;XJVW65:ZVH=A#E.[=
RH%:9%&&IC(&VP
.W7



MMCL.JJI#H[U&RMGR_:9:.?O
Y*S94#EKVZ-J^K\=F4\`FQCUF]F_U=#-46E!






MGEDM2N[V.*K5QTYY!2K2GPHX1Z4Q]KHTYN6;V`QRCST3%L[5Q[97:
LC&E



#C]IEE$55K6
6CTGB[H]Z/7*7'O.^R*2#QL_

CC64+KO6JC/6VB]X[G^&.F



2VDW'-.AFG!].V
FY;&9_Z&R?O#KJ63;7GT?8RKLDW3GTH;2_C

MN]
;MLV

MLVER1=NRX^7M]%1&8(5DV_BN'2WAGHYP3\=M&]YMHS?LO9#6DTWLYG70;AN*

M-1U[Y[SJ]87'E\%L'O@
JY6GG_UQ
&/?G9\??\Z9'['WS&=3-VY3M&N3HMT6
M(S?AE-IBY+HFSS^C8N05!61%L79A&@38N=GX6++4IIP]4+]CJ$)5J$G
CX
MW5)W7URP31D0_@3I7IN'P8

MO:'U.];&H]7Z'9MP2JW?L?4['MQ
K


O$'K5

?&VGOZ$MOKVH(9(Q0%1QY^0SYII/M@CP1Q^



\QO(_NAGNQ]^TY






J

8=Y$LZ#Z-GW
WEF?O
MHNAM6P=Z*(VJU^_J/;,6XKM5I\ZZ`UL?%JZ6;X(R=8)JT'6^_#VQVK8TW54`
M&C90=;?F4@-XC+-;VH*!SBP+;T_VC?*7-$!KF!
FPM
2Q6%+M:6BHD;:YJF

\2*L&?V;D



P9XS4


WUK..QVAT=`@R0L(!^*9S^PWYSH3^R+_WNA'DUI1]^ZGK;1%=

M!%6W

6D9


MH3G

U




M

Z2BV$C



7_\
M!/^




;/#53!-N[M$
M#PU'0U67Q1P8HY'51.2LRG.M!4]RPULXDH
164F%6BI-NW[501;Q1*5E')
;8A1[W!%5N24[0??
M\7==$0D\`TR\<#3L(2G.;</HVF;S]UX%?0-8]@WK.8CHR+.T!L80W/08.+@



Z#6BP

M1KU.OU8[2^_


.G91Z_%EMK?49#<IX562@'U)_



/)SR4$D;

/_W01

C4*FMH]ZV3H[HTV+5!N)@(4W1(

M1`^ZHY%U$-HN
.AN%T3WASU#[7Q]%(#WQ[
Y









MKR\/(3T
25G]WJ!7I7!;L8T38:IRFL**^2-CL'$0`J;?$AD(K\60ZAL@=@


O:3(U5
MA/`.C

M5KS+.F)Y5^5B
Y9+^7OKCN6\*EL#
C8Z_3(1BNKV5S/4'H!VC8Y=QN-78]3*
MKS]O.;/W+@]!0Q424*G]'=`X.YD)





-O

H!B#/
M9B#JD)

M[JAG]4WS4!O



G0-
M::Y?1]#^P86W5A)$N
;`
_R__F+]4@FX*:?@]_VM]MYS0$28P&ZBP'
G1;=#
MKYW?C.\##WB4]*.C9P\W^368
.]M'8^!.G5K6

M2(B\_NLE
K[-DW&VYX-BX@/H7R5/2&S!&M1E#W*[MQEI:6NV,BP+OL0/*CA
MNZ#8R&Y[Z-5E#_\$=9W.(4I(&3XSW]`FQ(^[[:XV=_X@NZL-_645_`W?R7:


L]S(UV[_'AU'+V8'B\*


M:\!`@G^JHP2W#)+@]17@S1$UK?Q^N?*[AC:IJUW1^M-MQ-IIO#.L)5G6AL


W7#

M@5A72%N!N#.



*P;/)

JV&


F.MZDV&Z$]-)VMN3XZ#TKWB:GG-JRFA56V;\RT?C6ZOYK6

:V5R*Y-;F5Q]?G)M)7)M
MA6^5

M:$U$KF77LY3
-G5K5
OB\+YN]6O92]34^[UG9\C66N0NUZTW1M+V6CG;RME6



M%%9?-_JU%/






M$%1!%=W!NVL/_GHA_RI_/WSW!O@N[8IZH=S$`5S!SSZJ\^X#T^@MV#9O1?C-

M`LVZQISQO?B)






2^`J!$O#-

4`F@!V?!Q(6S
M5N\+H0-^RA
=P0-8?]4;Z99A\2V[T9)T`%!0QZ#OQ4%Z35*BSG:A9Y(D+S`*
MR8N#B0K[C?8U[(AH)Z`X`HP%LT!0'-T4@N`*@'4(:G%;
MZL721W\$F-=PNW

\'PUC@-\T!H6IH)N+9MNS(T

?$+&[_H@BV=<#CBW01*GRCSW
M=DAB@+^`


ZDVN
XPG'\R3XDKJ!3`&YPZG
M!*&/'
_E$IX.G7&



8?<7]B
J98R'/\
M=BA]E7[V3:KDVCC905RRU@:_=E&^HP9EK*5%[2A'8R00Y%')1;CDP?V9BG

0







M=1#'#I4W+1ZC=)+I^$F@

*

]1


QN(+?.F82'4SS4-CC'-1B+VL;*GH^QQA[:;6GMX!#V
M]^'053GVZX[HTTBH46=P*



U]JWX)VFJH8\U`M!0!QUEE#]+<M0-2


JU7HU[([T

M`#$!\8UYV&[L

<1.N?#EZ<B'V[D^TH'/J&R:%ZQ2NK<L
MKG-]

M_75S.#/`L[&4Z;HS%M\'RB1G:N7T4]0C/GQ3]/C!X-C?(_%X`D=E*_]/?&9
M9AN$PT$'T!&,@2:4F=*1XXFZ:1Q*/:\WK+XD3'11Y'=QGRX[[\3Q%6*00E#
MB

ZQ





MB

D\\
NC2D5XHYU5VOK]&]/7MW\$

M_-6*+F8[
G2]T&U'AN;\17MO\'BRI!T9VHX

8]N/2?I.54
`#RZ
M]]Q2@B


0M79.71%DK9VR6C99

O=B^N1.-X+/+]@A\SB/X_EPH
MG6VJHZAT%]BJ=]#$G1Y/1AR
;!L_=:`EW-

M

:`??M7*B4CFQ'1
U








MDX=/GV
VB^!\KZ;?G9^5

_C[MW28-7U4*/K;GBW@`#KM
M.;R

M/!2E*

MS@1E]@R[.VC=I[-N1SKAER#G#S




_F.WA8+@7
MS*OI\`+?YI-


MX[
BKJ99&NBE@PVBWC]52:=[B93B(



M`7$2
BM)W%5B^3@\IOA&FX+\KC)D9C)[KC_P'CE**](^N[\%`U@WC.?30L'
M&S:'I/JCX;7XMO7+,$
M6!]D#R^@;NX.8/H89O_[8]7CK$%Z^]=F77X
'





=+?L#MY=7O^W_&'X



M1*LF*_%+UY\P?]-P@2.`0LM^5V@9#])C
9XVX/1!ZHF(^SA'%IS0MY#&X[T[


NY/]]D

`F#80N14#?P3KSM*GCAF1!D+H7*+0T/R@[



SA:PP'D:.C.KX/DKO[


@\2;*%ATQO<N0_
7


%L+7
M

H=S)3H(M

?V%A:[

M'0


WU+NV0;D*

\AVEM


-

L2CFU


WJR
&^BB!0P_=(




MKPB+KE60%GBTG
A6$]AF:A=T):'EN&RB[&A'$JY@)$G9!$048XAS[%$7$\`
MR3^`5J#4*4Z\!9VEIUS2)_`=D4A)9$2+$C8

&K#^;KR9UCH8LC
M2
#W.*Q(!H8CJ%W!$.%4N0GH.@Z`0!\P8(P([)[[3/@Y(+=A\.9X
0=.5Y8
M&+K3A!')/R5O1@5C@^$.-A/`1W^%MQ7GU7%)6P5$#@BUFM@`8DH.35'R?Z5
MLR'
7IS!J!2_AJ5YB-C_%JAN
(-9B$`N
`2BGR\G-(M10W;$KPMPK]#%%?
MEUVC?COB2KZ89;7893F/?;U

;MNB90'HMH:JD\J^UH'D
MTZ8:RA*W.*MVKPL
\+TXU;Y?W35Q0_EGK@O)<Q6J#*.&\6YUP@W)<MH':


M5\FC7=)9/][\=+EX18GUO4%Q*4)')BA5KVC



)193R5W(=(@\OWDT/5E?`#SKILB).1%3L4JK;):]VC\P#N?`-+[S5
M&Q9W$.@2$^3*-[SR92


LG5%&KI@G=7_

MRI-_
5


\_1U2S4UCC@(


XD
MI;E^R^I.AX]:S:K=!`.0$K0-#J!%_M0(Z;QGL3%:$!N9^]XVN\\IW;U&GM=`

CW&YN=G
?.Z);B^Y
M0TY*3W7X:RFC?(\SP%086Q`)I
_1YGKTC;XZ'-7
ZSE7CZ
I-/5Q[N;&64%6





S
C'0*#
1#ZC+5RYU6*8




.[4=(M
M'N8'GPBG'^=.&+_!5V
1`@3B'P..:EY
'_8
C\&HD)







8
MXK1_H?7`C(%J?Q!@'53;.
4$*-!.0]-4350



UI!#F14Z`_?PPI(Z1^!$.
MSMH1_96_D3SN$T03G7@(=LRLVK5Y$OD-)'P9Z6VN*\
35
=#BT05)#C#+@I


M8BDLN^R;X_R!-QN@!)K=1]L:C`Q+%[B5M6EN=^9W!/T$G+]UWDI.U!B8H[YY
M6M/\QN)FUMC0;&
P;&KR*?)ABG/U&0^7$N)MSX
;6!:%;_KFD-
&5D819N;M
M9(.WY_8/'XI/SNA!-^=:3;%.ZRRMU3Z:-1;O_J5%1P.12HJWW;4#736KT(
MB_

BMG6

V

?2.33%ALRYU3PD39BM?'Q24P'J2HB2CC<A5$CXRAT8GA`<
M6H*R_PWF[7[`61$1(7L!X[\RTW3N8^SK$9/!&B-,)AZY[M#0D1N,ZP&'[`!G
M0*CH&_F1!/-3BK+!R&9RV06B@I'K%+R#F\\Q.TH][WA^R_P4^X\F$RO`@]X
M
-O6?E8NA


?F@S?&L/FDEZ9:\@0&?H;`&V[X.)(3@5Z=LH

M#
R5R'





M/#7&E+-C9PF(K_J
:=_.[VIQTHR.TJDAK*J933@195VEM?WNL&

MMZ&:Y+3M`C3#^X









P3-_<
/'B(6OB#9U_Y\$2?@+I?^]`\_
M%'_AO5VO_8FWF++IM?_91$2.J;#:

?]U=_`XDW
/WEGZ!L

M
)@N

KA
RNGEK35N063^5PR

M0F7B1$\5^=G]O.W]`ORFH6J&K0X
ZUB
.3N6&KJ*!T5MH!V`I6U'.O;0T6TJ
M.IF$^P[&BMOL)5_9/ZT)*_*BDQ5T:J]V@-U9)OJ4M[4='T!%J;J*'V]:&J

MD!

N^'%2K2J8J$`?O\4#7
L@7&

GQ'Q0``)`&`0`5`!P`8G)O9RTR
M
#$S
3(S


M
MW^]]G@W&L_.KJST41I9G6Z[OX?=[GK_WRS_^^A=$?G[^VV`+AWLVF?HPI\/
MKKR%_Q.ZL5;X#'W$'@ZLR`]^0K]9[IH^\2\=%P?HW%\]N3CY(NDXS-TO']H




44X6&T\7TB7HP
L_-Q
O`]TB
MN=-@:7G.G['VR


MTGSNKXE/\I:WONO
':RDNQZ6%LD?SXGAA0[$X7*:MDC('7:)A=G$W:@'$:]M
MFS;HN


MTIH[K@

M:B?H\C!J9.O)B2S7^1
1-/%MO';N`3@[8E%L+^IA:2_
AXP5M;#





8S#%J_PVTZ/*3B
%&7P1K;=1RR!$1_#;N.UN2

MHU(

_:OV%[BL/8`:X#






MM-O`M]=S:AZ5UHD88T#HS^V54AG)SHUSF%M*[ZT7I9KXK?7'

MHW3R$A-C&078B84Y1H2LR$$T#]VE$JI6)F=^.
3G!YJ5A'!LVWFNI&G2
T






M5T=V2;W-)=K#TFJ!N
S6/M+?V!Z'Y:E!5L14JQN


Z39XW70='
9NKV_9`^S@2Z4%@LDW



M0%MDW=Y!



M]/Q)/&F[M.;5M=D2%Z=
5#ND/BK%@1(DJ(BEXW`&NPQLR$9C$HZ+P-^BZKL#


M






GW\.LG*_B*H\NU9\
M2PEHZEH=3&E`N1BWR%37?SXY47)?







D!]CZX`Q/W1K?OL
M6QQ*





MIE`

.#P3'^

_EG8GK`P+)Q








M36%Y'O#O\5*






/7

WN
WGJL



S`\1LK93*]B#/^VG;#
MU

MJ@(%QVL4C!^&#Y??+F\Q]J



MU!_R!S08:



;=I+K^TK^!=;0B^M8W'E86(L-$0]$/UR`


X\
J
MA:

:'GFIX^YM#%M=

4UYD96RIW








Z5)8

X`NP


MBF7]%(%5Y0[TM=$=BH?X9,DWVX._-'JL#*6
?OS!5F'HFDC/P%0&&W/M=T


BMX9+2^BM-Q90&/P[4SQ]1D%8S^'=G




D#^RQ
MW42

MG!H:G@CX`JOD@'*U





K.:\$4








0G.K=



M_&DRD'S%X;WISCDN06Z(VEY`B9;V$OXM

`OCELA=6@91I5#]@2%Y=D

STZOT8_A+50F*PO)I

CG,\[3*M(
M32

ICG7IY@L!Q[KX

\)W;GH+4C2&

9/


O(@.E$GD[DO?U$

]-]8A:XU@/2=V*)J^9P$TIZ6H3&P00#)A=G




@_'R.6X##T?61/`I\X:0_P!RG\=OTJ'Y
`J05#
M80$UI*7M7!]%4C?0G3\`M

QDU2R2]I+U;
MZ`\=\D1R42SG)(?8;#EI)808`







7@

MP_ORPMLL!JKH.QM+K?1UF45-!

MJ=4WMDPYZXWM:]&MB=5V**U



M

M?Z
[C:QXF-;)S5@G$



#]+A#1VK?
B9:
M_R7QG%4DLLUO0D6L0]*;4!

%(@^OB$/CZACT_HXQ.JF*BJU+SKXQ/Z^(0^/J&/



W4X


MO


6U8A6;\DJK
'ICU[\*T-'FT!37I4:$T63N-R&)I7D))=@CL$T0)COP#LW

Z-:534SHU



118!+-_NC@Q


M/WQX]^[]#__[E[NG\!5O@O
XI7T4XN]J+BI%QO?^IY]^^H']M285*+^^Y$G]




-O.'G_







MEQ]_N\S2

+G'4TC
ME!WJN5&/7;4\L/P7PHS+_;/Y,N:X,V;TY?9FU&UZ
9F;PCT553:QB^[!%E
MG2A`4SB]QVP?)&6

M'C#UN7#/!A5WDQKXV+/@)2SOD.8$0'H9*;IVQ5?@ER?$5#PFR[(1IK`WD-


\1X49!&J.$^FS+
F@:7RS@A]GT
MBDIQ$@1HW9R&?DX
&M7N(D])#`9O)@V%F31+SPD/0Q?A0BW;D2*WIS(+/[.]

M#.9JEZ*CGLVGF%5NG(J:U#LN[/23'O)Q=Y*M4-AQ
L?:*\CR\O4J^)R5@69+
%PX]`C!0D&DUA`&C@;?G]6N0YX%A.W]`

M``





;0-4HVKEMXQU+!L6&0*@IIW&Z

IFB`).*#2*H#+J:P$79$:TH

3*JVRNS-X]EM(@H_

M^2-^RY*W.%U?YCB*RYL@I%_=7P81)KU\$:2:VRRN$N:[-3?*M/8JG1



F[@D-.H

MHL?]O\^&%IE:#2BZ?X31]Q*-AEW

W7_A7I

M&%39:G,48P4M;2@KG:8G5JZ.9]_$53G%-)!`8WM@4YJSJ_@/S0(HIB&D`'
MR4
01[=IE1.MQ8J!9]8Z7#;J]^IRZ1C`X
E&2V$YU/`@RG1^FZ**#0;2'C&]




MX6)437BHMR%$E/*XWN




M3FOP-:RHXIWR.1C5W
SH
Z:N\HLE;1X@GWHY8X
MNL]2LN9KWU[6O!RC))WQT4FMLIVG)Z5T


R@HR;3AM;!:^F/O6+
:7&0NCG9A




M^HUK\8C7

@9$@*`AUTR!C8H8
6I$R'V@H_9C]$Q+8E;_
MSW-A0:94#8'NWT#TO$0AY61!:7SV\@/.XXS


C

41K4PE['19T

M!!JY9CJP-!R(L7A$2.4
'_&65K=+U[0DS4X-%!7YS&M8K=*#I:R4%A!ZM`HJ



M@
UE4+S2UU?(/_02W5N08%JMH+P

MP

MBTAYPP



MQ;/9`^3

)%T
M4SQHA(+9P&(O$L5_QQ$K#T;:XPU';:LH=U!
;/-N6]D9T=^QTO-XAZNCHA+G






3V=Y
X$TL'*71R\Q$E
U^[$'[([
M+*]9$N&\H+ZQW!O.5^S9YWW8T\VH_G.?=KQ@?(^CPD(
=KNXN+V[?;Z]?D*+
M^ROT]+R\_-




Y:
&U76

MTPZ


-+$J_9*:@9Q':LL^_?6QHC[.X;^
#@TD%9(0*DK&1!4?.BK&6&








]IB<%`PB


MZ8+-S`4&=]:JBAMIG!'ABA


?L.VEY0'%MXLM35ND+$0##`:JP


M4T/%0:3NH:MSZ:92CZ'8G^K[(D?(;7'.UYJ_AXA6_MK3HEDB6S64R.0/

.NI:`LQOG4&
M%U[JIPFMN7P#3?$XH24+:




T&PU'8*.4B



LFT
M







6I7[V4Q24N]`LM-/



=^:WM'6EG*0!0







VQ:\

`

M%


Y



OU
+3[-


M5ET(W!9/?T0W=\M?G]#-X_(7M'RX?EP\W]Y_1(O+Y]L_WS[?7C_!`'=G?^PY



L%955[-VQDX1]55H(?8[3B/Q;U90*MMN$'O^2&3\AXEB*`_.9
M


4=%K:+!&E?%67


/4'YEV6+\1
6'R
M[
&Y+_4N]V')%*T4@#DO0Q-'Y+O4(J`LN0]3'W[UI(G53F=%)UQ+=RW%A]

]'T?TXF6`[]?;!K
TN-3
)S:^+DQNA=V]]'BCH<]17++#+B9[

MD[2P]F'H+]J)5
PP=C&3


MZ)V-0[-C\?`@GM%5V=##`(V=DF;`3.Z&CCBCTDS
3@#KXJX%5N]SI\(8XX0Y

O%

MDS^1

MH$[2^Y8+`^.R'_C%NN(Y8_G].1;


#6C3&D*!;MA.C+'H6:&E%O2
M-\@EPX1S0L.QD]9B*9`W6@Z!U0'AX76`P&F,#[K8?E`+AM(@0'`5X=K-$P



VFHC(;9KD..W[+D

9DV6X['F9J<PERG!CO4#Y<=^FNUBOY


080RO'O!^'/6V+G@;ZX\




\8EDS[G?-VES=#?])A'L?70=PYKA&.O*/D
]

EC#[/S/;O-<1
M[8SHWTK4\X`!GJ6BXN5$7DB4\:$N(SBGJ++0WC,Z28`3$L?Z<`.'J^.WO(/
MQ%OV
9G7V3\2BCMQJ_[*6C%K1J



M&M1'R]\JJP^T#_H4]
JMZ0U3A;.=2NB



DSAGS3&!Z-P0Z0)SW
M\3*=#6*%M%HBZHAD8Z02BEJID

M:I$/&Q@CH4G$MM]4U[/




!H&N&LO=&+U;U97TCXC+@H'4UIKEZC+;T#?\
MJLU=EKS&BC0\O08Y?B$^/*KK_9MNP.%SCHO3](`O=GZ((E@T#^)&4+HV4:=
M9G3%=ND2U[R\AY
]#F3C6KAX/R\=1M==-O(&

M:X=\5J$WU99;EIH
8RC4=25(V/\8KU_+HC]7&F8

'T*)L
BK2&2@ESD&VDGBT1P:QRDV&@)O6.(3O]Y&Z
WBJK
LFK($:<'YQZ'!AG/F-3T/D&E/T-2$8.%E9W7
M^F=6=VJ`,!BP$HIJ*0R7T'DM<B:#CT`$!C8JS80Z492.'IVTE#!@\H37=,)]
MQ-LL=RV:9\D[JU=R,:?GH6P8P<#.15MA1N2\J&&&`<2'/,YR_CK1(PZ3HA8

G/



MK


9]VFHJ;D`S/M1A;%!Y$220GL=4


59SLZ'7W.^+]$!'+[S#0%Y[*;E[
M;9E?-R8KKELV5N(W3)=@^@APE*19$[W&F]I+^W(7`P;)XW474L)HF9-S)JI7
MVP$&JIO=U4_$HKP
XI26D=+5\_B99];H[QTKUM#P9Y%DH*^3DU);OA^9#Q


.0C;&`BJ<)]%M@+Q1+6H.L2VZR?!/<IBOZC\U(<I8RZXWR<2;V[IN[
MB0#^G%Z#Y%-6!@M(NKM*8:0'.)

MB?(C'\^;4/Z\ET4G;I;^A=*)A(

MALK]OJT4

FMF?:=]H1@]O1;N8W

MK#]`XH'N`
G;`4*#[[QZWR6OOX*V_#-'&C?+75F4Y
-$N?9M8*HM]03%KW'Y

*'RV43-Y@S2#9C+)

;
U.8
A\QR5XM'
M4?MJ=5A_`%I`+7VU^V


RAG:+


M5`9?8R%W

MML-VD\A
W_92WF6.YI26ASGFA\$


Z/X5
MO7&RP`#\0`

M!-*B#BKO$;6<L/U'-W&Z/K)9C5'5I*[S79

M+H'A+-%708R1IJO*8SB*\SX


6X@B35=F(#J(``GV

MS?TDM`Q;]/=@@-)11E;+$$:W_D*BE?TO0?X9ES=DC5@LRDL2:.])Q
V2\!2F

MS
H@N3.





MA[RNSVRT%

MTW.`P9J5FN*SF`T363$G#'*LKHF`01CPZ^T3;;8D)
F?LE5)8E+


PHF-(:

MW5:Z#+V9_D3SM_B$/-W']JRK+#H^-\9[:#O6
V4W

Q[9
&%B=
$Y&+
(
@W\GD?`2.4%2I;Q`F#X3HHJD?SV*4]RG:&UI3Q
$DQ27
%S71?6D*?'F+W%:
M/2*U9K5@$O99\HL[0G%;XHW*ASG*\/%8K9-YLJ=JK01X1^HA6@_Q6\M`G==N

B8.:QT-V\07]H+
M`(/A
5K+KL@3P-8!!1$##KQU-OMA\'66




OLNIU53P
IL0_S[;=)U&JV=_K_


%D9X
M76MV_N$T784B/XOE[9M=?




MCKM.._'5

.!P5]2?V1U?[25^-0T


M5'LCVA*I9A[OB')4U`Y-ABL[
\0ASUF5OZDO.EB$C47H$66@[*J%/]G;W'
M?B56WJ$W2\
)WB=1N8A*
P?J`4HK[Z1H\,IEH:DAQ)$VCD1YQ6F%W@=IW0[;[GB]HUO'XDH8+!5


2=N+53OHE1##@:39AUUY3+X%8HS?ITBS`^'F*FB






.LW5*WP93M.!4PCT7LSV@00P%J49(AK@T
MGM0R




MYQBKL'R`L-GP?+#!#:9'2X*!ZT/5%\+]5AY=R96O].'F6FH'WR@BNXS5#22
M45+AE-G%5;`Z^

MVS$B&V=CI
KG!%



4!'4M]
M-=48CF=IXWNUL?*_*[B/JN15[A77N5E7

MN-PW\9SA%87#1


8-\PFJHGHBF4?O+(T0AC0`
M


M0P@04J)VF@G/
BJ:I?UO26R7[^JTN3_B:(V+CC&VTXBUF+FV+G[BO9?B-8E:


M*


E



R
M5;DQ7ME

NBI]1AQXM;Z^.=CFPU8JH6VNV
M*

M(XP6.OY2B3O6PUS$]SX3U]OU[?=9*D\FMN*8[UDN*]7;5[FTY#``9J7C`5
K

9RBNQ
`T--KD..+H,T(`VUB[T=P'Y;+';E:Y;3F.I3

MNJ/CF-\#
\QF
K
MHO&.-EP'W_LVAZO<2.OANJ/LW^QPO=]M7G^7'4VASF]ZB+8;%\_V4%L;M*C

^C:]X.N





EGOIDI3FV;

AQS-1


2H`

98GUP-4(/^2(WL-/HGUN%T
MIOSC&#YT`J=UK&9J$\D1AX]1[ZS&28WZD8T\Z:AWU.';&?7C#!=?)SRMDSU3
MJ_0/6WP









5FL+U9<Z$RN`K%(1=X14F2D5N$#-RS8DQ2Q.Z



M@IK2T^Z1@^]2^8)YCR&L^DNAX;`;[G&)8L8#VV-=KU8X+.

<
M;X*4[J=%,9&<XQ3,OJW+F!^_T3'Y5Z-C`.W0;^Q$F-H\,W1[@$$EJQDQ*'
M;1+?PXS6`HK379RNEUNLOW?L(L#_X-`99L:]C!LXI#4JR_:0<T$YGI8&(I$
UDD:58<0A3PMY3(KK'WP))_R.EPF;SM
R%*#WAN[PGG\%MP2Q5E6_!Y&@YZ
M,Q38EC-!N_5GJ[`8X-04*&GYP`%0-08?<8%S8AT9?XLPS'=!PM,'QX]JM41@
M/MQDNJ.K5HD[)8]LL$&HR(_)UX,T_CO?[0B)BSYIY#/21US&.4NX7;XD\5J[
M'S+]9^/$7
C'3YPU-\`/&U


TL##G`'$X0304QD

M1:LL1ZLX#=(P)IX]Q]LL9YN/VUV^)1$+:
?^D-/-TG)/GP

X



#E
MS8W


MR]3NW&X



Z9]/!



EV-._/+/_43OPR41#0\+$=HE@:3Y`9OC.%ZJ=

M#
U0`-GIBL6V)=^)=;##@OM[D+UU3Q:J9'JALTN]U4^F-QK/D/B4AC$/01RY


MI.N_T9)@]=^A9HR)%W#[3;I?7+[B[E\CLCPL
U0TGT1!_4T?B&F6P)V--L5X

MU4/MT;P%2$9KU



MQJJL%0






2.U



-D'NL4J/[@^




MPU


G5EZ9H^
M!'@7IY@LZ%G6)3'@DBHHZ60].:P.M=)5?F0?


/K#_LB#/EY[DV1?#CCYJ47`ZL'1^I_B:5]E(4WG23+Z[+#Z($=-
MJO_C'HJAB;E3B'Y\N8K*K*!=VRZIX`+*B6:Q;W7.Q;DH=@S\JV$H!%K(S:
M\VN05D[^^BO.P[A@KQGT\PZJO_#\`_'


_=/
[#YC=%1)A]?-4YAPZ]Y-!7HFG?PSZZ;$^D'.1547=)*=[G;_!

MQ(3X&B@AF?YV+?TI-X(8S91$A^3C!;H:11-QU
V1K2
3:1;$!HF-PD862W
M'T#=+YRAYAL






`
M

MIJL;^U2*#_IW)0;%U/6^_+1T#8S[+


M-!1NMN0#V*]6ZFHZ4\?O;?7


Z'S7J6G9C




6[A25

M:`^BWD?.$/\



H#7+G&-)
H+.




19A
1#;($-%H:]7K

_HC34$`
M``V5!``5`!P`8G)O9RTR
#$S
3(S


51K:WL%W?


M=K





L%^].3U[\_[T
MY#5<_)`S/^%@X+MD1I86^W\J*KNO%O#ZCDME9/V6M7A+48K7Q(LFWN+*BYQH
MRR`+ULF,*17)D,\!6?[UAZ?`7]$OG[YG<L&^^Z^0OM%V0]=-Z#Q_\%ZVV6J


52AB@
MX70YW3`-1H&$

FT'6XJF
ML_*<)5TE57-YWY
=9*WNO==9^X0Z;S51NEQ^I

NBX5'8^V^%]X%--$@'P$W3I$ZPP)-&
JN(@68K3)]=9@?9*
V_



-K\C


?BLSBCY]MQV.Z




GPO[.^L*YO

M)37





M:&2V.A246G-C(74QAYM@X)*`PUV`8TES-+_8[4F7FR798)-H@L[+;4(DG2


.

3B`Y-(YC9X;
SYD
M_

M!7
G*\;`7A!)JZM/UBP](RVVSN6


K

)L-N@D


;6:

*!ZJWOK1Y)L+YU/#)=IM4B!4J[L344-6T!F*YJ6\`#




2(B8PQ&
M
-
\DE^FE74W'#-7@`O,!W37MA

MV]7
FR[+ZU]:-U;6SW3L5!4T&!]P8
:]T\E**A#0OJ4PA.D(JRJ2RMS!`6JY
MD&6E?J5P%?([&0^XMEB#

MO+)V2T^L3K`Y+'D/4K`2W^D\
[D3N

MK927E/BAF]B%H7E-.966X8@IL45JRCE9^@%)VSW:KR3\XGA^D+R3GBIVZ@KN

#A
5`R@C*^'1./+(477OG=C!7?+H#

\

5``E

*E


ML_^2Q23
*@EZJ^29\_N4V^P/K)[CI1


)K4?%-OS$&$%.WB*0A[_[9S)40QDO-9J[P*AR$.3SM81I/?H.^@_M&!@
MR_^1\=TDV1V9O24YM\<&ZVP0]S;7/587?!#N'4


A9\`AS**0QA/

MG9T9F1/G15Q0!=;;7


MJUOGH]8=(`/3J16CVO=`H59I+W/U?GO#!L@9Q/MH$%/]7QKJUKO:&8:HMX




Z15T@2)XZ0_!Q\


M!T?[DA$.OTP_MS

ML84.`!43_:7


;





MG2BJN+?\3JO+[T?J&#INX@_2[E:IOT%?
*?FZG7C^D'A)OB+.('DQEO$%
J]



;YE)AU::+5+;MF&JHM+O@(QC=$$5JUO4Z-+U@66_)^X;/O

MK:Q_SW_ZC_':E99K5WP*&IJ:SI+K?)E*L
)
*$&R8KOIC&S\H
45.&!W(&C:
GB@/E!LXL+N.


'M.NB.V&@P*

-(MOQ


MN#'=HM0%17'`X25]=6/=

M7;1?+!_#IGYD5?

YU%6Y
M9@\8E]XQ5GA[`3R0Z5V^PRL
BLSHL&;JF$+-'FM0!:W.#P&I3Y6B1=L#/EL
M7\@WXKJ@VN`OL=8
1[.






MB_6=OSTF
K]K#RB47Z[#8'\C?\).R[JM/9*:TS`-4A+45[#*D
-\
J\[W3@U

MV85W6';:T@.8HLVV5FVC^@PFA@WWJ-[#+-_G7F]\CQE]T^5NMEDX]9QX9.E$

M$8?V7

M8Z^5U%`LHU7^PEA
V'ZQ@S](=!U[BW`2

MMU(2;!#;W_XM^N:ML%:3I/56N/N:E7QNW!?[L7KS!/'$
A

X


M@#XLWE[[-:YG0S

.=WXC[27+8O)+!7)


-%66!AF6SMR3DNBAJU88869&W%)9
%XCF[



5M('


M:GJRFVV7A#.JC+V8W!'IT3FG.5`C:GMQ&BJ%54M:1#P.=9CY9V%1$%\&$;\'




D

P,``?Q@'$!5IIA,S]0


^6GIHA+Q:3+WRH)D[)#ZZS`-=5*

+A\31



F#X0?_#VU:_GYE/UM=L73$2M0@($N?W#55A

A;


MBA:F4X+`-QJJ1`T_RI'%\;P5)
;5V-AT8!T
GH!4+&[(C+B4F
6]'41;F!_R
MONJ'?#BQLE&L9!ADGDB9PN1@EQJ]




M:#&N6K$2OXLER5'YJ.Y:X4A6&5VJ&DOHI%D2!R4@(/97*D+)NY9DT5Q5

M['2
3A2`2[J+7D[F]-


M20CO(;*#J



M&H[@MWZ;1Z%JJ[9@]V'

)`+!.H







?

6D2.D*\]@-@T

MKM/







M&=.O49IR8_JUZ=R-
?T:$QIC^O6A-1FR].O/`;5XTHH=X719%.T0)O3).ID^

%XH8'L!(UH7A!6X`
M2T%D'Q[S4WG7NH$KX$OV*K$TWTK35U*O8

$1:6F:Z%D;
M^




!2G9DP+

R
0#C&1FR4Q?$9V3[!HWL.GJ][8!0:)I^UW
N[H.PY4]Q




OK5


M4:$!)@7]


4B$



UY8

'`





9\7A&/)X1
MCV?$.'D_GA&/9\3C&?%X1CS$
^(2)WB
V)7C+)FD
R?\XSH@)$_=G%$UV4$[

15A?
MZZD2M/C-IRY14K#H@.I-,H>!'QGK!`;I78'LGTW5KLIAH8_O0&&A_!>EX
MI#--4V-+7MPN#U:D.EN
TK'C^=I6C]SP1\C$N'4U2
M,)]0D9]0PS1T!I0G@ET#0SA*



@*L?C3(9PC#L)+'L/WG)BP


M?/)#8CX

&L-+
M8WAI#]IV[QEH:5*

K#Q
M0DJ=!$B=A5TWW*?`7R4HGYYE&)_/II];Z8)27G$#P&S8SJ

G&?

^GDZ-IU/CZ=0_X^F4AF=1

M)`_4CA&=
:(S1G3&B
X8T4%D]HP1G3&B
T9TQH@.L$16PW
8XWNR_XSOR2)(





7SVP3N?%R6FB#21B2*&1:/^6]Z_K?;4_T?&8?8YN^
M3J

M1Y;BT








MW*35Q





P^1@S
M)'6($ALJXD8P\(H$C8F--]AA(^IN;O$2^38`]ZN/;+(DV#HS&')7F/&R[FV1

-!O\!;8@F`T[1A?KG



M00&1'HI7&2AF\_Y\^&EX#S!




M

MGB[$M]@%%S#RB


F!ZI_0BMQ
#%%F$C9!*;


MGJ


(.5Q*7'




2#52+397RLR_6IR[






^+=O!$




2+EKS[*.`
M

:\#QAY47G'BTKOS0N5V4^1

MX!3M5$
*4X^N]SUF-4&IQ7%T^\0C!&*G1)\-8'`




JC^'HULVP0ZB;OX-Q-T`6!D!ND)

/9V%CF
MV]%UA!$?

M)LB
!HK3CZ[[+;8I80P7Z:Y)/[KN!1&!PKB-AN[HMH1;RJ5MM)DZ6YQ^=-VC

1.[L_*A(F+DX^NN9C2
M@UJ6;\(X+;C!DV9;_C*BHUMQCUF9#7J2HULPF/Z4:3:E#T?7[I::?GC?T-`!



6017%%A3=)[2%


M66


'@_(
+M@Y
M(AZ#O

M?.0;!`//^7S/RV09N;$7U[Y*I
=VN3:.U#=-T
KJLWKAIURVIL:=JEER@U?$


MYE@PLBYZ`58Z:U6+J:E-@Q1P'3NFSZ^RA
'C/7X2W?S41B8/+R:3J9Q`;56^

M1

?
OT

M'KJHR]304YMWU%GQ
Q-WQ

'$?

3
Q
C

3
Q
C


_HC34$```V5!``5`!@`````


`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

276
656

022
540


        

482
        


        

676)
        


        

116
462

022
540


        
        
        


        

145
686

603


        

015
907

527


        

299
757

530
643


        

705
156

443
482


        

019

557


        

001

206


        

199
526

345
018


        

936

322
478)


        
        
        


        
        

872


        

380
359)

193
278)


        

982

020
759


        

477)

874
864)


        

018
446)

954
489


        

101
510)

632
011


        

851

720
601)


        

659)

911
410


        

979
990

789
225


        

979
990

061
239


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 amortization and accretion of premiums and discounts on securities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including depreciation and applicable operating costs of support equipment and facilities and other costs of operating and maintaining those wells and related equipment and facilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company has asset retirement obligations
associated with the future plugging and abandonment of proved properties and related facilities. Under the provisions of FASB ASC
410-20-25
 the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation is recorded in the period in which it is incurred and
a corresponding increase in the carrying amount of the related long lived asset. The liability is accreted to its present value
each period
 and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled for
an amount other than the recorded amount
 a gain or loss is recognized. The Company has no assets that are legally restricted for
purposes of settling asset retirement obligations.


obligation transactions recorded in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC 410-20-25 during the years ended December 31
 2013
and 2012:



    
    
Years ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
67
145
    
    
    
3
900
    

    
    
    
(19
848
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
70
698
    
    
    
58
688
    

    
    
    
33
651
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
019
    
    
    
4
557
    

    
    
    
160
665
    
    
    
67
145
    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 construction or development
 or the normal operations of a long-lived asset
 except for certain obligations of lessees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
The following
tables summarize gross and net productive oil wells by state at December 31
 2013 and 2012. A net well represents our percentage
ownership of a gross well. The following tables do not include wells in which our interest is limited to royalty and overriding
royalty interests. The following tables also do not include wells which were awaiting completion
 in the process of completion
or awaiting flow back subsequent to fracture stimulation.




    
December 31
 2013
December 31
 2012

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



The Company&#146;s
oil and gas properties consist of all acreage acquisition costs (including cash expenditures and the value of stock consideration)
drilling costs and other associated capitalized costs. As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 our principal oil and gas assets included
approximately 14
300 and 12
256 net acres
 respectively
 located in North Dakota and Montana.

The following
table summarizes our capitalized costs for the purchase and development of our oil and gas properties for the years ended December
31
 2013 and 2012:



    
Years Ended December
    31


    
    
    

Purchases of oil and gas properties
    and development costs for cash
32
025
724
21
213
070

Purchase of oil and gas properties accrued
    at year-end
7
953
801
2
618
145

Purchase of oil and gas properties accrued
    at the beginning of the year
(2
618
145
(2
422
150

Advances to operators applied to development
    of oil and gas properties
2
218
237
626
893

Capitalized asset retirement
    obligations
84
501
58
688

Total
    purchase and development costs
 oil and gas properties
39
664
118
22
094
646



During 2013
including the CPX acquisition
 the Company purchased approximately 3
571 net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North
Dakota and Montana. Additionally
 in conjunction with the purchase of the net mineral acres we acquired 45 gross producing wells
(1.23 net wells). In consideration for the assignment of these mineral leases and producing wells
 we paid the sellers a total
of approximately $24
693
145.


During 2013
the Company sold approximately 189 net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota for total proceeds of $608
387.
No gain or loss was recorded pursuant to the sales.


During 2012
the Company purchased approximately 2
306 net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota and Montana. In consideration
for the assignment of these mineral leases
 we paid the sellers a total of approximately $3
249
347. Of these acquisitions
 110
acres acquired on February 14
 2012 were acquired from the State of North Dakota. The acreage we purchased lies within the riverbed
of the Missouri River and there is currently third-party litigation ongoing in the State of North Dakota pertaining to the state&#146;s
ownership claim to similar riparian acreage. We have signed an AFE for the well and the operator has agreed to retroactively honor
the AFE if the state is successful in defending its ownership claim. As a result
 we have not capitalized any Authorization for
Expenditure costs (&#147;AFE&#148;) or recognized any sales from this well. In the event the operator is successful in their
litigation with the state
 the state is required to refund our original purchase price for the lease.


During 2012
the Company sold approximately 506 net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota for total proceeds of $1
893
649.
No gain or loss was recorded pursuant to the sales.


2013 Acreage
Swap
In 2013
we traded 950 acres to an operator in exchange for 160 acres in a different geographic location and a drilling carry for the well
costs for our interests in 2 gross (0.12 net) wells valued at $1
200
000 and carried on the balance sheet as advances to operators.

Undeveloped
Acreage Expirations
We had no leases expire in 2012. During 2013
we had leases encompassing 543 net acres expire with carrying costs of $833
884 that have been transferred to the full cost
pool subject to depletion. We estimate that approximately 4
200 net acres with carrying costs of approximately
$6
200
000 will expire prior to the commencement of production activities during 2014. The carrying costs of these leases
which we estimate will expire in 2014 have also been transferred to the full cost pool and are subject to
depletion.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a schedule of property
 plant and equipment gross
 additions
 deletions
 transfers and other changes
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 net
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense and useful lives.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Our  financial statements are prepared
using the accrual method of accounting as generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) and the rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC).


        
FASB ASC 280-10-50 requires annual and interim
reporting for an enterprise&#146;s operating segments and related disclosures about its products
 services
 geographic areas and
major customers. An operating segment is defined as a component of an enterprise that engages in business activities from which
it may earn revenues and expenses
 and about which separate financial information is regularly evaluated by the chief operating
decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources. The Company operates as a single segment and will evaluate additional segment
disclosure requirements as it expands its operations.


        
        

 the Company separately classified advances
to operators from prepaid expenses in the Balance Sheet and classified advances to operators as an investing activity on the Statement
of Cash Flows. For comparative purposes
 amounts in prior periods have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation.


        
The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.


oil and gas industry is subject
 by its nature
 to environmental hazards and clean-up costs. At this time
 management knows of
no substantial losses from environmental accidents or events for which the Company may be currently liable.


        
Cash equivalents include money market accounts
which have maturities of three months or less. For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 all highly liquid investments with
an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are stated at cost plus accrued
interest
 which approximates market value. Cash and cash equivalents consist of the following:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
112
356
    
    
    
513
788
    

    
    
    
37
991
    
    
    
903
552
    

    
    
    
1
150
347
    
    
    
1
417
340
    



        
The Company maintains its cash in bank deposit
accounts which
 at times
 may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
(FDIC) and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) up to $250
000 and $500
000
 respectively
 under current regulations.
The Company had approximately $862
356 and $917
340 in excess of FDIC and SIPC insured limits at December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.
The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts.


        
Costs relating to obtaining certain debts are
capitalized and amortized over the term of the related debt using the straight-line method
 which approximates the effective interest
method. The Company paid $865
101 and $796
233 of debt issuance costs during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
of which the unamortized balance of debt issuance costs at December 31
 2013 and 2012 was $772
883 and $657
702
 respectively.
Amortization of debt issuance costs charged to interest expense was $749
920 and $190
580 for the years ended December 31
 2013
and 2012
 respectively. When a loan is paid in full
 any unamortized financing costs are removed from the related accounts and
charged to interest expense.


        
The Company accounts for website development
costs in accordance with ASC 350-50
 &#147;Accounting for Website Development Costs&#148; (&#147;ASC 350-50&#148;)
 wherein
website development costs are segregated into three activities:



    
    
Initial stage (planning)
 whereby the related costs are expensed.




    
    
Development (web application
 infrastructure
 graphics)
 whereby the related costs are capitalized and amortized once the website is ready for use. Costs for development content of the website may be expensed or capitalized depending on the circumstances of the expenditures.




    
    
Post-implementation (after site is up and running: security
 training
 admin)
 whereby the related costs are expensed as incurred. Upgrades are usually expensed
 unless they add additional functionality.



660 of website
development costs from inception through December 31
 2013. We have recognized depreciation expense on these website costs of $18
887
and $18
630 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.


        
The Company recognizes deferred tax assets and
liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted tax
rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be recovered. The Company provides a valuation
allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to be more likely than not.


        
Under FASB ASC 820-10-05
 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles and expands disclosures
about fair value measurements. This Statement reaffirms that fair value is the relevant measurement attribute. The adoption of
this standard did not have a material effect on the Company&#146;s financial statements as reflected herein. The carrying amounts
of cash
 accounts payable and accrued expenses reported on the balance sheets are estimated by management to approximate fair value
primarily due to the short term nature of the instruments. The Company had no items that required fair value measurement on a recurring
basis.


        
Property and equipment that are not oil and
gas properties are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of three to
seven years. Expenditures for replacements
 renewals
 and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations
as incurred. Long-lived assets
 other than oil and gas properties
 are evaluated for impairment to determine if current circumstances
and market conditions indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company has not recognized any impairment losses
on non-oil and gas long-lived assets. Depreciation expense was $24
001 and $24
206 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
respectively.


        
The Company recognizes oil and gas revenues
from its interests in producing wells when production is delivered to
 and title has transferred to
 the purchaser and to the extent
the selling price is reasonably determinable. The Company uses the sales method of accounting for gas balancing of gas production
and would recognize a liability if the existing proven reserves were not adequate to cover the current imbalance situation.


        
The Company records the fair value of a liability
for an asset retirement obligation in the period in which the well is spud or the asset is acquired and a corresponding increase
in the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. The liability is accreted to its present value each period
 and the capitalized
cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled for an amount other than the recorded
amount
 a gain or loss is recognized.


        
The Company follows the full cost method of
accounting for oil and gas operations whereby all costs related to the exploration and development of oil and gas properties are
initially capitalized into a single cost center (&#34;full cost pool&#34;). Such costs include land acquisition costs
 geological
and geophysical expenses
 carrying charges on non-producing properties
 costs of drilling directly related to acquisition
 and
exploration activities. Internal costs that are capitalized are directly attributable to acquisition
 exploration and development
activities and do not include costs related to the production
 general corporate overhead or similar activities. Costs associated
with production and general corporate activities are expensed in the period incurred. Capitalized costs are summarized as follows
for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively:



    
    
Years Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
137
509
    
    
    
172
503
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
137
509
    
    
    
172
503
    



be credited to the full cost pool
 with no gain or loss recognized
 unless such a sale would significantly alter the relationship
between capitalized costs and the proved reserves attributable to these costs. A significant alteration would typically involve
a sale of 20% or more of the proved reserves related to a single full cost pool. During the year ended December 31
 2013
 the Company
sold approximately 189 net acres for total proceeds of $608
387. During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company sold approximately
509 net acres for total proceeds of $1
893
649. The Company assesses all items classified as unevaluated property on a quarterly
basis for possible impairment or reduction in value. The assessment includes consideration of the following factors
 among others:
intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological and geophysical evaluations; drilling results and activity; the assignment of
proved reserves; and the economic viability of development if proved reserves are assigned. During any period in which these factors
indicate an impairment
 the cumulative drilling costs incurred to date for such property and all or a portion of the associated
leasehold costs are transferred to the full cost pool and are then subject to amortization.


and properties having proved reserves
 estimated future development costs
 and asset retirement costs under FASB ASC 410-20-25
are depleted and amortized on the unit-of-production method based on the estimated gross proved reserves as determined by independent
petroleum engineers. The costs of unproved properties are withheld from the depletion base until such time as they are either developed
or abandoned.


(net of related deferred income taxes) may not exceed an amount equal to the present value
 discounted at 10% per annum
 of the
estimated future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves plus the cost of unproved properties (adjusted for related income
tax effects). Should capitalized costs exceed this ceiling
 impairment is recognized. The present value of estimated future net
cash flows is computed by applying the arithmetic average first day price of oil and natural gas for the preceding twelve months
to estimated future production of proved oil and gas reserves as of the end of the period
 less estimated future expenditures to
be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves and assuming continuation of existing economic conditions. Such present
value of proved reserves' future net cash flows excludes future cash outflows associated with settling asset retirement obligations.
Should this comparison indicate an excess carrying value
 the excess is charged to earnings as an impairment expense. We recognized
no impairment costs during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.


        
Our revenue is solely derived from oil and gas
sales to various purchasers
 the market for which has very inelastic demand. Due to this
 we do not consider any purchasers to
represent a material concentration to our sales for the years ended December 31
 2013 or 2012
 as we believe any of our customers
could easily be replaced.


 we
depend on our drilling partner operators to perform the drilling and other operating activities required for all sales of oil and
gas. These operators are also responsible for remitting to us our revenue proceeds and billing us for drilling costs and lease
operating expenses incurred. We had material concentrations of accounts receivable owed from four (4) and two (2) operators during
the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 representing 60% and 44% of total oil and gas revenues and 41% and 28%
of total oil and gas accounts receivable as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 we had
153 and 66 gross producing wells
 respectively
 and 4.87 and 2.30 net producing wells
 respectively. As of December 31
 2013 and
2012
 these four (4) and two (2) operating partners operated 31% and 38% of these gross producing wells
 respectively
 and 37%
and 38% of these net producing wells
 respectively.


        
Basic earnings per share (&#147;EPS&#148;)
are computed by dividing net income (the numerator) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period
(the denominator). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares and potential
common shares outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. Potential common shares include stock options
 warrants and restricted
stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options
 warrants and restricted stock is computed using
the treasury stock method.


to calculate basic EPS and diluted EPS for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 are as follows:



    
    
Years Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
47
979
990
    
    
    
47
789
225
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
272
014
    

    
    
    
47
979
990
    
    
    
48
061
239
    



calculation of diluted EPS because their effect was anti-dilutive were 16
103
209 and 7
513
709 as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
respectively.


        
The Company adopted FASB guidance on stock based
compensation upon inception at April 9
 2010. Under FASB ASC 718-10-30-2
 all share-based payments to employees
 including grants
of employee stock options
 are to be recognized in the income statement based on their fair values. Pro forma disclosure is no
longer an alternative. Amortization of the fair values of common stock and stock options issued for services and compensation totaled
$643
817 and $1
288
448 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 including $-0- and $438
539
 respectively
of common stock valued at the fair market value based on the Company&#146;s closing trading price on the date of grant. The fair
values of stock options were determined using the Black-Scholes options pricing model and an effective term of 6 to 6.5 years based
on the weighted average of the vesting periods and the stated term of the option grants and the discount rate on 5 to 7 year U.S.
Treasury securities at the grant date and are being amortized over the related implied service term
 or vesting period.


        
Effective upon inception at April 9
 2010
 the
Company adopted new standards for accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. These standards prescribe a recognition threshold
and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. These standards also provide guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in
interim periods
 disclosure
 and transition.


audit the Company&#146;s income tax returns. These audits include questions regarding the Company&#146;s tax filing positions
including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions. In evaluating the exposures
connected with these various tax filing positions
 including state and local taxes
 the Company records allowances for probable
exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter
 for which an allowance has been established
 is audited and
fully resolved. The Company has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities.


relies on the judgment of management to estimate the exposures associated with the Company&#146;s various filing positions.


        
 &#151; In December
2011
 the FASB issued Balance Sheet (Topic 210) &#151; Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities (ASU 2011-11)
 which
requires disclosures regarding netting arrangements in agreements underlying derivatives
 certain financial instruments and related
collateral amounts
 and the extent to which an entity&#146;s financial statement presentation policies related to netting arrangements
impact amounts recorded to the financial statements. These disclosure requirements do not affect the presentation of amounts in
the balance sheets
 and are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1
 2013
 and interim periods within
those annual reporting periods. We implemented the disclosure guidance effective January 1
 2013 and the implementation did not
have a material effect on our financial statements.


        
Various accounting standards and interpretations
were issued in 2013 with effective dates subsequent to December 31
 2013. We have evaluated the recently issued accounting pronouncements
that are effective in 2014 and believe that none of them will have a material effect on our financial position
 results of operations
or cash flows when adopted.


 we are monitoring the joint standard-setting
efforts of the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the International Accounting Standards Board. There are a large number
of pending accounting standards that are being targeted for completion in 2014 and beyond
 including
 but not limited to
 standards
relating to revenue recognition
 accounting for leases
 fair value measurements
 accounting for financial instruments
 disclosure
of loss contingencies and financial statement presentation. Because these pending standards have not yet been finalized
 at this
time we are not able to determine the potential future impact that these standards will have
 if any
 on our financial position
results of operations or cash flows.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 abandonment
 recycling
 or disposal in some other manner) of a tangible long-lived asset that result from the acquisition
 construction
 or development and (or) the normal operation of a long-lived asset. This accounting policy disclosure excludes obligations arising 1) in connection with leased property
 whether imposed by a lease agreement or by a party other than the lessor
 that meet the definition of either minimum lease payments or contingent rentals; 2) solely from a plan to sell or otherwise dispose of a long-lived asset and 3) from certain environmental remediation liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the effects of refinancings
 method of amortizing deferred financing costs and original issue discount
 and classifications of debt on the balance sheet.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 uncertain tax positions) and other types of contingencies related to income taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) development of computer software for internal use
 (3) computer software to be sold
 leased or otherwise marketed as a separate product or as part of a product or process and (4) in-process research and development acquired in a purchase business combination.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



 2013
 in connection with entering
into the Subordinated Credit Facility
 the Company agreed to issue to the lenders cashless warrants to purchase up to 5
000
000
shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.65 per share. The warrants expire on August 8
 2018. The
estimated fair value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
 based on a volatility rate of 114%
 risk-free interest rate of 1.38%
and a call option value of $0.4947 was $2
473
576 and is being amortized using the effective interest method over the life of the
credit facility
 which matures on June 30
 2017. Proceeds from the sale were allocated between the debt and equity based on the
relative fair values at the time of issuance. The fair value of $2
473
576 is presented as a debt discount on the balance sheet
and a total of $199
632 and $-0- was amortized during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The remaining unamortized
balance of those warrants is $2
273
944 as of December 31
 2013.



 2012
 we granted 585
000 warrants
in connection with the amended Dougherty Funding
 LLC Revolving Credit Facility. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing
Model
 based on a volatility rate of 113% and a call option value of $0.2069
 was $121
054
 and is being amortized over the approximate
three year life of the amended facility. The Company recognized a total of $108
190 and $12
864 of interest expense during the
years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The remaining unamortized balance of those warrants is $-0- as of December
31
 2013.






31
 2013 and 2012.



ended December 31
 2013 and 2012.


the Warrants outstanding at December 31
 2013:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
9
463
375
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
463
375
    
    
    
    
    




on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions used for grants
under the fixed option plan:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




was developed for use in estimating the fair value of short-term traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully
transferable. In addition
 option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including expected stock
price volatility. Because the Company&#146;s warrants have characteristics significantly different from those of traded warrants
and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&#146;s opinion
the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its warrants. During the years ended
December 31
 2013 and 2012
 there were no warrants granted with an exercise price below the fair value of the underlying stock
at the grant date.


granted with exercise prices at the current fair value of the underlying stock during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
was $0.65 and $0.38 per warrant
 respectively.


warrants:



    
    
    
    
    
    



    

Balance
 December 31
 2011
    
    
3
878
375
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
585
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2012
    
    
4
463
375
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
000
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2013
    
    
9
463
375
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable
 December 31
 2013
    
    
9
463
375
    
    
    
    
    





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company adopted FASB ASC 820-10 upon inception
at April 9
 2010. Under FASB ASC 820-10-5
 fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (an exit price). The standard
outlines a valuation framework and creates a fair value hierarchy in order to increase the consistency and comparability of fair
value measurements and the related disclosures. Under GAAP
 certain assets and liabilities must be measured at fair value
 and
FASB ASC 820-10-50 details the disclosures that are required for items measured at fair value.


a revolving credit facility that must be measured under the fair value standard. The Company&#146;s financial assets and liabilities
are measured using inputs from the three levels of the fair value hierarchy. The three levels are as follows:


prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date.


for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that
are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g.
 interest rates
 yield curves
etc.)
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market
corroborated inputs).


reflect our assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.


of financial instruments at fair value on a recurring basis in the balances sheet as of December 31
 2013 and 2012:



    
    
Fair Value Measurements at December 31
 2013
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
150
347
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
150
347
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
213
676
    
    
    
    
    

Revolving credit facilities and long term debt
 net of discounts
    
    
    
    
    
    
30
556
301
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
30
769
977
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
150
347
    
    
    
(30
769
977
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
Fair Value Measurements at December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
417
340
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
417
340
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
748
844
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
748
844
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
417
340
    
    
    
(5
748
844
    
    
    
    
    



or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 inputs for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012.


facilities. No fair value adjustment was necessary during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

12. Options (Details-Options Outstanding) (Options
 USD $)

        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        


Shares Outstanding
 Beginning

149
001

162
000


        
        
        


        

667)

122
999)


        

657
500

110
000


        
        
        


Shares Outstanding
 Ending

639
834

149
001


Shares Exercisable
 Ending

141
667
        


        
        
        


Outstanding
 Beginning
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Outstanding
 Ending
        
        


Exercisable
 Ending
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

Inc. (&#147;Ante4&#148;) and Peerless Media Ltd. (&#147;Peerless&#148;) during fiscal year 2009
 pursuant to which
 Ante4 sold
substantially all of its operating assets (the &#147;Transaction&#148;) and a spin-off on April 16
 2010 to Ante5
 Inc.
 now
Black Ridge Oil &#38; Gas
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 the Company was entitled to receive
 in perpetuity
 5% of gross gaming
revenue and 5% of other revenue of Peerless generated by Ante4&#146;s former business and assets that were sold to Peerless in
the Transaction
 subject to a 5% commission presented as Royalties Payable on the balance sheet. Peerless had guaranteed a minimum
payment to the Company of $3 million for such revenue over the three-year period following the closing of the Transaction on November
2
 2009. The Company prepared a discounted cash flow model to determine an estimated fair value of this portion of the purchase
price as of November 2
 2009. This value was recorded on the balance sheet of Ante4. In connection with the spin-off described
above
 on April 16
 2010 Ante4 distributed this asset to its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Ante5
 Inc.
 which was spun-off and a registration
statement was filed on Form 10-12/A
 along with an Information Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the purpose
of spinning off the Ante5 shares from Ante4
 Inc. to its stockholders of record on April 15
 2010. The following is a summary of
the contingency consideration receivable and related royalties payable through December 31
 2012:



        
        
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance spun-off
 April 16
 2010:
    
7
532
985
    
    
(415
000)
    
    
7
117
985

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
(182
335)
    
    
11
343
    
    
(170
992)

    
    
(878
650)
    
    
80
057
    
    
(798
593)

Balance
 December 31
 2010
    
6
472
000
    
    
(323
600)
    
    
6
148
400

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
(463
398)
    
    
23
169
    
    
(440
229)

Balance
 December 31
 2011
    
6
008
602
    
    
(300
431)
    
    
5
708
171

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
(529
361)
    
    
26
468
    
    
(502
893)

    
    
(5
479
241)
    
    
273
963
    
    
(5
205
278)

Balance
 December 31
 2012
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2012
 the Company entered into
a settlement agreement with Peerless and ElectraWorks
 Ltd. (&#147;ElectraWorks&#148;) to settle all claims regarding Peerless&#146;s
performance of obligations with respect to the business purchased by Peerless from Ante4
 Inc. in November 2009 (the &#34;Litigation&#34;).
The Litigation was pending before Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services (JAMS) in Los Angeles
 California. Under the settlement
agreement
 Peerless/ElectraWorks will pay the Company $13.5 million
 of which $11
000
000 was received by the Company in 2012 and
the remaining $2.5 million was received in 2013. In addition
 Peerless/ElectraWorks will make payments to the Company upon certain
contingencies related to the passage of federal or state legislation permitting real money online poker and Peerless/ElectraWorks
or one of their affiliates obtaining such a license. The maximum amount of these contingent payments is $6.5 million with the amount
determined based on how such legislation is enacted. Under the settlement agreement the Company has released its rights to the
royalty stream and no further payments are due from Peerless/ElectraWorks other than those set forth in the settlement agreement.


million
 of which $1.84 million was paid in 2012 and $0.16 million was paid in 2013
 as well as various costs out of the proceeds.
In addition
 as a result of an incentive arrangement with Steve Lipscomb
 a former officer of the Company that was approved by
WPT Enterprises
 Inc.&#146;s Board of Directors in February 2009
 Mr. Lipscomb is receiving 5% of the settlement payments
 net
of attorneys&#146; fees and other costs; as such amounts are received by the Company.


479
241
and the royalty payable of $273
963 as of the settlement date were relieved as a part of the settlement resulting in a net gain
of $5
745
895. The Company has expensed non-contingent expenses and fees associated with pursuing the settlement as those expenses
and fees were incurred amounting to $-0- and $333
176 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.


 as a result of the legalization
of online gambling in the state of New Jersey
 Peerless/ElectraWorks paid the Company $380
982 of additional settlement proceeds.
As part of the agreement with Mr. Lipscomb
 the Company paid Mr. Lipscomb 5% of the settlement proceeds or $19
477.



 2012
 the Company and other parties
entered into a settlement agreement with Deloitte &#38; Touche
 LLP (&#34;Deloitte &#38; Touche&#34;) to settle all claims between
the parties arising out of the case of WPT Enterprises
 Inc. v. Deloitte &#38; Touche
 before the Superior Court of the State of
California
 County of Los Angeles (the &#34;Litigation&#34;). The claims in the Litigation were assigned to the Company as part
of the Company&#146;s distribution (spin-off) agreement with Ante4
 Inc. On November 1
 2012
 after satisfying obligations to
various parties
 including litigation counsel
 the Company received $5.4 million of net proceeds under the settlement agreement
as its share of the settlement proceeds
 representing $9 million of settlement income and $3.6 million of related legal fees. The
parties agreed to stipulate to the dismissal of the Litigation and to a mutual release of all claims. The Company has expensed
non-contingent expenses and fees associated with pursuing the settlement as those expenses and fees were incurred amounting to
$-0- and $37
758 for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company is required to recognize all derivative
instruments on the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value. The Company has not designated its derivative
instruments as hedges for accounting purposes and
 as such
 marks its derivative instruments to fair value and recognizes the realized
and unrealized changes in fair value in its statements of operations under the captions &#147;Loss on Settled Derivatives&#148;
and &#147;Losses on the mark-to-market of derviatives.&#148;


contracts to hedge against the variability in cash flows associated with the forecasted sale of crude oil production. While the
use of these derivative instruments limits the downside risk of adverse price movements
 their use also limits the upside revenue
potential of upward price movements.


 the counterparty
is required to make a payment to the Company if the settlement price for any settlement period is less than the swap price and
the Company is required to make a payment to the counterparty if the settlement price for any period is greater than the swap price.
For a collar contract
 the counterparty is required to make a payment to the Company if the settlement price for any settlement
period is below the floor price
 the Company is required to make a payment to the counterparty if the settlement price for any
settlement period is above the ceiling price and no payment is required by either party if the settlement price for any settlement
period is between the floor price and the ceiling price.


settled based on reported settlement prices on commodity exchanges
 with crude oil derivative settlements based on NYMEX West Texas
Intermediate (&#147;WTI&#148;) pricing.


 2013
 the Company had outstanding
derivative contracts with respect to future production as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

January 1
 2014 &#150; December 31
 2014
    
44
004
    
    
    

January 1
 2014 &#150; December 31
 2014
    
39
996
    
    
    

January 1
 2015 &#150; December 31
 2015
    
24
000
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

January 1
 2015 &#150; December 31
 2015
    
36
000
    
    
    
    

January 1
 2016 &#150; June 30
 2016
    
10
002
    
    
    
    



 2013
 the Company had total
volume on open commodity swaps of 108
000 barrels at a weighted average price of approximately $92.69.




gains and losses on derivative instruments for the periods presented:



    
    
    
    

    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
53
482
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Realized loss on derivatives
 net
    
    
53
482
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(134
293
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(79
383
    
    
    
    
    

Losses on the
    mark-to-market of derivatives
    
    
(213
676
    
    
    
    
    


Balance sheet offsetting of derivative
assets and liabilities


 the FASB issued ASU No
2011-11
 Balance Sheet (Topic 210)-Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities
 which requires an entity to disclose
information about offsetting arrangements to enable financial statement users to understand the effects of netting
arrangements on an entity&#146;s financial position. The Company adopted the provision of the standard upon entering into our
first derivative contract and has provided the applicable disclosures below with respect to its derivative instruments.


derivative contracts are carried at their fair value in the condensed balance sheets under the captions &#147;Current portion
of derivative instruments&#148; and &#147;Derivative instruments&#148;. Derivative instruments from the same
counterparty that are subject to contractual terms which provide for net settlement are reported on a net basis in the
condensed balance sheets. The following tables present the gross amounts of recognized derivative assets and liabilities
 the
amounts offset under the netting arrangements with counterparties
 and the resulting net amounts presented in the condensed
balance sheets for the periods presented
 all at fair value.



    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(396
573
    
    
    
182
897
    
    
    
(213
676
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



disclosed above to the individual financial statement line items in the condensed balance sheets:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(139
065
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(74
611
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(213
676
    
    
    
    
    

Total derivative liabilities
 net
    
    
(213
676
    
    
    
    
    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 risk management strategies
 non-hedging derivative instruments
 assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
 and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Senior Credit Facility and Subordinated Credit
Facilities


 as borrower
entered into a Credit Agreement dated August 8
 2013 and amendments thereto dated December 13
 2013 and March 24
 2014 (as amended
) with Cadence Bank
 N.A. (&#147;Cadence&#148;)
 as lender (the &#147;Senior
Credit Facility&#148;). Under the terms of the Senior Credit Agreement
 a senior secured revolving line of credit in the maximum
aggregate principal amount of $50 million is available from time to time (i) for direct investment in oil and gas properties
 (ii)
for general working capital purposes
 including the issuance of letters of credit
 and (iii) to refinance existing debt under the
Company&#146;s credit facility with Dougherty Funding LLC.


Credit Facility is at all times subject to the then-applicable borrowing base
 determined by Cadence in a manner consistent with
the normal and customary oil and gas lending practices of Cadence. Availability was initially set at $7 million and is subject
to periodic redeterminations. The availability was increased to $18 million commensurate with the CPX acquisition. Subject to availability
under the borrowing base
 the Company may borrow
 repay and re-borrow funds in amounts of $250
000 or more. At the Company&#146;s
election
 the unpaid principal balance of any borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility may bear interest at either (i) the Base
Rate
 as defined in the Senior Credit Facility
 plus the applicable margin
 which varies from 1.00% to 1.50% or (ii) the LIBOR
rate
 as defined in the Senior Credit Facility
 plus the applicable margin
 which varies from 3.00% to 3.50%. Interest is payable
for Base Rate loans on the last business day of the month and for LIBOR loans on the last LIBOR business day of each LIBOR interest
period. The Company is also required to pay a quarterly fee of 0.50% on any unused portion of the borrowing base
 as well as a
facility fee of 0.90% of the initial and any subsequent additions to the borrowing base.


will mature on August 8
 2016. The Company may prepay the entire amount of Base Rate loans at any time
 and may prepay the entire
amount of LIBOR loans upon at least three business days&#146; notice to Cadence. The Senior Credit Facility is secured by first
priority interests in mortgages on substantially all of the Company&#146;s assets
 including but not limited to the Company&#146;s
mineral interests in North Dakota and Montana.


 2013
the Company had borrowings of $13 million outstanding under the Senior Credit Agreement.


 as borrower
entered into a Second Lien Credit Agreement dated August&#160;8
&#160;2013 and amendments thereto dated December 13
 2013 and March
24
 2014 (as amended
 the &#147;Subordinated Credit Agreement&#148;) by and among the Company
 as borrower
 Chambers Energy Management
LP
 as administrative agent (&#147;Chambers&#148;)
 and the several other lenders named therein (the &#147;Subordinated Credit
Facility&#148;). Under the Subordinated Credit Facility
 term loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $75 million are
available from time to time (i) to repay the Previous Credit Facility
 (ii) for fees and closing costs in connection with both
the Senior Credit Facility and the Subordinated Credit Facility (together
 the &#147;Credit Facilities&#148;)
 and (iii) general
corporate purposes.


Agreement provides for initial commitment availability of $25 million
 subject to customary conditions
 with the remaining commitments
subject to the approval of Chambers and other customary conditions. The Company may borrow the available commitments in amounts
of $5 million or more and shall not request borrowings of such loans more than once a month
 provided that the initial draw must
be at least $15 million. Loans under the Subordinated Credit Facility shall be funded net of a 2% OID. The unpaid principal balance
of borrowings under the Subordinated Credit Facility bears interest at the Cash Interest Rate plus the PIK Interest Rate. The Cash
Interest Rate is 9.00% per annum plus a rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) 1.00% and (ii) the offered rate for three-month
deposits in U.S. dollars that appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR 01 as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the second full LIBOR business
day preceding the first day of each calendar quarter. The PIK Interest Rate is equal to 4.00% per annum. Interest is payable on
the last day of each month. The Company is also required to pay an annual nonrefundable administration fee of $50
000 and a monthly
availability fee computed at a rate of 0.50% per annum on the average daily amount of any unused portion of the available amount
under the commitment.


Facility matures on June 30
 2017. Upon at least three business days&#146; written notice
 the Company may prepay the entire amount
under the loans
 together with accrued interest. Each prepayment made prior to the second anniversary of the funding date
 as defined
in the Subordinated Credit Facility
 shall be accompanied by a make-whole amount
 as defined in the Subordinated Credit Agreement.
Prepayments made on or after the second anniversary of the funding date shall be accompanied by an applicable premium
 as set forth
in the Subordinated Credit Agreement. The Subordinated Credit Facility is secured by second priority interests on substantially
all of the Company&#146;s assets
 including but not limited to second priority mortgages on the Company&#146;s mineral interests
in North Dakota and Montana.


Subordinated Credit Facility occurred on September 9
 2013 at which time we drew $14
700
000
 net of a $300
000 original issue
discount
 from the Subordinated Credit Agreement and used $10
226
057 of those proceeds to repay and terminate the Dougherty revolving
credit facility. We drew an additional $4
900
000
 net of a $100
000 original issue discount
 as part of the funding for the CPX
Acquisition on December 12
 2013.


entered into an Intercreditor Agreement dated August 8
 2013 (the &#147;Intercreditor Agreement&#148;). The Intercreditor Agreement
provides that any liens on the assets of the Company securing indebtedness under the Subordinated Credit Facility are subordinate
to liens on the assets securing indebtedness under the Senior Credit Facility and sets forth the respective rights
 obligations
and remedies of the lenders under the Senior Credit Facility with respect to their first priority liens and the lenders under the
Subordinated Credit Facility with respect to their second priority liens.


as amended
 require customary affirmative and negative covenants for credit facilities of the respective types and sizes for
companies operating in the oil and gas industry
 as well as customary events of default. Furthermore
 the Credit Facilities
contain financial covenants that require the Company to satisfy certain specified financial ratios. The Senior Credit
Agreement requires the Company to maintain (i) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company
 a collateral
coverage ratio (reserve value plus consolidated working capital to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through
the quarter ending June 30
 2014
 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarters ending September 30
 2014 and December 31
 2014
 and 0.80 to
1.00 for the quarter ending March 31
 2015 and thereafter
 (ii) a ratio of current assets
 including debt facility available
to be drawn
 to current liabilities of a minimum of 1.0 to 1.0
 (iii) a net debt to EBITDAX
 as defined in the Senior
Credit Agreement
 ratio of 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ended March 31
 2014
 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ended June 30
2014 and September 30
 2014
 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ended December 31
 2014
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ended
March 31
 2015 and thereafter
 in each case calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis
 (iv) a maximum senior
leverage ratio of not more than 2.5 to 1.0 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis
 and (v) a minimum interest
coverage ratio of not less than 3.0 to 1.0. The Subordinated Credit Agreement requires the Company to maintain (i) as of the
last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company
 a collateral coverage ratio (reserve value plus consolidated working capital
to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June 30
 2014
 0.70 to 1.00 for the
quarters ending September 30
 2014 and December 31
 2014
 and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31
 2015 and
thereafter
 (ii) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company
 a consolidated net leverage ratio (adjusted total
indebtedness less the amount of unrestricted cash equivalents to consolidated EBITDA) of no more than 3.75 to 1.00 for the
quarter ending March 31
 2014
 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ending June 30
 2014 and September 30
 2014
 4.00 to 1.00 for
the quarter ending December 31
 2014
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March 31
 2015 and thereafter
 calculated on a
modified trailing four quarter basis
 (iii) as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Company
 a consolidated cash
interest coverage ratio (consolidated EBITDA to consolidated cash interest expense) of no less than 2.5 to 1.0
 calculated on
a modified trailing four quarter basis and (iv) as of the last day of any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of
the Company
 a ratio of consolidated current assets to consolidated current liabilities of at least 1.0 to 1.0. In addition
each of the Credit Facilities requires that the Company enter into hedging agreements prior to funding with regard to no less
than 50% and no greater than 75% of its future oil production on currently producing wells. The Company is in compliance
with all covenants
 as amended
 for the period ending December 31
 2013.


Credit Facility
 the Company agreed to issue to the lenders detachable warrants to purchase up to 5
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s
common stock at an exercise price of $0.65 per share. The warrants expire on August 8
 2018. Proceeds from the loan were allocated
between the debt and equity based on the relative fair values at the time of issuance
 resulting in a debt discount of $2
473
576
at issuance that is presented as a debt discount on the balance sheet and is being amortized using the effective interest method
over the life of the credit facility
 which matures on June 30
 2017. A total of $199
632 was amortized during the year ended December
31
 2013. The remaining unamortized balance of the debt discount attributable to the warrants is $2
273
944 as of December 31
2013.

Dougherty Revolving Credit Facility (former
credit facility)


 2012
 the Company
entered into a Secured Revolving Credit Agreement with Dougherty Funding
 LLC (&#147;Dougherty&#148;) as Lender which was subsequently
amended on September 5
 2012 and December 14
 2012 with an Amended and Restated Secured Revolving Credit Agreement (collectively
the &#147;Dougherty Credit Facility&#148;).


provided for a maximum available amount of $20 million
 of which $16.5 million was available prior to termination of the facility
with interest payable on the outstanding balance at a rate of 9.25% per year and a maturity date of August 1
 2015. In connection
with the amended financing
 the Company issued Dougherty Funding
 LLC warrants to purchase 585
000 shares of the Company&#146;s
common stock at an exercise price of $0.38 per share. The warrants expire on August 31
 2015.


April 12
 2012 of $2
450
000
 and used $2
051
722 of the proceeds to repay and terminate our predecessor PrenAnte5 revolving credit
facility
 including interest of $51
722.


 2013
 we repaid the Dougherty
Credit Facility with proceeds from the Subordinated Credit Facility.


and long term debts consisted of the following as of December&#160;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Senior Revolving Credit Facility
 Cadence Bank
 N.A.
    
    
13
000
000
    
    
    
    
    

Subordinated Credit Agreement
 Chambers
    
    
20
000
000
    
    
    
    
    

PIK Interest on Subordinated Credit Agreement
 Chambers
    
    
201
883
    
    
    
    
    

Revolving Credit Facility
 Dougherty Funding
 LLC
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
748
844
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
33
201
883
    
    
    
5
748
844
    

    
    
    
(371
638
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(2
273
944
    
    
    
    
    

Total credit facilities and long term debts
 net of discounts
    
    
30
556
301
    
    
    

748

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
30
556
301
    
    
    
5
748
844
    



600
000 were received from
our $20
000
000 in advances due to $400
000 of OID pursuant to the Subordinated Credit Agreement at issuance that is presented
as a debt discount on the balance sheet and is being amortized using the effective interest method over the life of the credit
facility
 which matures on June 30
 2017. A total of $28
362 was amortized during the year ended December 31
 2013. The remaining
unamortized balance of the debt discount attributable to the OID is $371
638 as of December 31
 2013.


expense for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively:



    
    
Years Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Credit Facilities
 accrued PIK interest
    
    
201
883
    
    
    
    
    

Credit Facilities
 amortization of OID
    
    
28
362
    
    
    
    
    

Credit Facilities
 interest and commitment fees
    
    
1
092
372
    
    
    
685
046
    

Credit Facilities
 amortization of debt issuance costs
    
    
749
920
    
    
    
190
580
    

Credit Facilities
 amortization of warrant costs
    
    
307
822
    
    
    
317
652
    

    
    
    
2
380
359
    
    
    
1
193
278
    





        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants. Also includes descriptions and amounts of capital leasing arrangements that consist of direct financing
 sales type and leveraged leases. Disclosure may include the effect on the balance sheet and the income statement resulting from a change in lease classification for leases that at inception would have been classified differently had guidance been in effect at the inception of the original lease.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

13. Warrants (Details-Warrants Outstanding) (Warrants
 USD $)

        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        


Warrants outstanding
 beginning balance

463
375

878
375


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

000
000

000


        
        
        


Warrants outstanding
 ending balance

463
375

463
375


        

463
375
        


        
        
        


Weighted price
 beginning balance
        
        


Weighted price
 warrants granted
        
        


Warrants outstanding
 ending balance
        
        


Weighted price
 warrants exercisable
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 warrants exercisable
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        

851)

720
601


        
        
        


        

851)

720
601




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(698
851
    
    
    
3
720
601
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(698
851
    
    
    
3
720
601
    



        
        

    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



        
        

    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
465
973
    
    
    
2
466
977
    

    
    
    
1
118
426
    
    
    
837
761
    

    
    
    
79
806
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
040
    
    
    
54
943
    

    
    
    
60
007
    
    
    
27
535
    

    
    
    
8
774
252
    
    
    
3
387
216
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Ceiling test impairment
 intangible drilling costs and other exploration costs capitalized for financial reporting purposes
    
    
(12
229
818
    
    
    
(7
630
903
    

    
    
    
(13
764
    
    
    
(15
192
    

    
    
    
(12
243
582
    
    
    
(7
646
095
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
469
330
    
    
    
(4
258
879
    

    
    
    
(564
515
    
    
    
(473
817
    

    
    
    
(4
033
845
    
    
    
(4
732
696
    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

482
        


        
        
        


Realized loss on derivatives
 net

482
        


        
        
        


        

293)
        


        

383)
        


        

676)
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or in the comparative fair values
 of derivative instruments
 including options
 swaps
 futures
 and forward contracts
 held at each balance sheet date
 that was included in earnings for the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company is involved in various inquiries
administrative proceedings and litigation relating to matters arising in the normal course of business. The Company is not currently
a defendant in any material litigation and is not aware of any threatened litigation that could have a material effect on the Company.
Management is not able to estimate the minimum loss to be incurred
 if any
 as a result of the final outcome of the matters arising
in the normal course of business but believes they are not likely to have a material adverse effect upon the Company&#146;s financial
position or results of operations and
 accordingly
 no provision for loss has been recorded.


at banks in excess of federally insured amounts. The extent of loss
 if any
 to be sustained as a result of any future failure
of a bank or other financial institution is not subject to estimation at this time.


upcoming well development by signing an Authorization for Expenditure (&#147;AFE&#148;). As of December 31
 2013 the Company
had committed to AFE&#146;s of approximately $8.2 million beyond amounts previously paid or accrued. Additionally
 the Company
acquired a lease for mineral rights from the State of North Dakota on February 14
 2012 for 110 acres or an 8.7% working interest
in the Dahl Federal 2-15H well that spud on January 6
 2012. The acreage we purchased lies within the riverbed of the Missouri
River and there is currently third-party litigation ongoing in the State of North Dakota pertaining to the state&#146;s ownership
claim to similar riparian acreage. We have signed an AFE for the well and the operator has agreed to retroactively honor the AFE
if the state is successful in defending its ownership claim. As a result we have not capitalized any of the AFE costs or recognized
any sales from this well. Our proportion of the well costs
 based on the AFE and our working interest
 is approximately $800
000.
The well started production on May 21
 2012. Had we recognized the revenue and expenses from this well we would have recorded approximately
an additional $451
000 and $468
000 in oil and gas sales for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 and $110
000
and $124
000 of production taxes and operating expenses for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. In the event
the state is not successful in defending its ownership claim
 the state is required to refund the Company the cost to purchase
the lease.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    
December 31
 2013
    
    
December 31
 2012
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



        
        

    
    
Years Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
32
025
724
    
    
    
21
213
070
    

    
    
    
7
953
801
    
    
    
2
618
145
    

    
    
    
(2
618
145
    
    
    
(2
422
150
    

    
    
    
2
218
237
    
    
    
626
893
    

    
    
    
84
501
    
    
    
58
688
    

Total purchase and development costs
 oil and gas properties
    
    
39
664
118
    
    
    
22
094
646
    





        
          

        
          
            

 depletion
 amortization
 and valuation allowances.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if oil and gas operations are material to the entity and its subsidiaries' business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      











          

        
        


        
        

176



          

        
        


        
        

758




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


 2013

          



 2012

          



        
        
        


        

432

431


        

511
159

283
494


        

704
323

816


        

429)

612
937


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 for the period as if the business combination or combinations had been completed at the beginning of a period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          



Beginning Balance
 amount at Dec. 31
 2011
        

403

058
674

220
759)

885
318


Beginning Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2011
        

402
965
        
        
        


        
        
        

962
        

539


        
        

025
        
        
        


Adjustments of indemnified accruals incurred pursuant to the spin-off from Ante4
 Inc.
        
        

015
        

015


        
        
        

933
        

933


Common stock warrants granted as financing costs
 related party
        
        

719
        

719


        
        
        

909
        

909


        
        
        
        

911
410

911
410


Ending Balance
 amount at Dec. 31
 2012
        

980

847
212

690
651

585
843


Ending Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2012
        

979
990
        
        
        


        
        
        

473
576
        

473
576


        
        
        

190
        

190


Common stock warrants granted as financing costs
 related party
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

817
        

817


        
        
        
        

659)

659)


Ending Balance
 amount at Dec. 31
 2013
        

980

072
795

287
992

408
767


Ending Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2013
        

979
990
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 related party
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
During the years ended December 31
 2013 and
2012
 we granted various awards to our Officers and Directors as compensation for their services. These related party grants are
fully disclosed in Note 12 below.



 2011
 we entered into a Revolving
Credit and Security Agreement (the &#147;PrenAnte5 Credit Agreement&#148;) with certain lenders (collectively
 the &#147;Lenders&#148;
and individually a &#147;Lender&#148;) and Prenante5
 LLC
 as agent for the Lenders (PrenAnte5
 LLC
 in such capacity
 the &#147;Agent&#148;).
The facility provided $10 million in financing to be made available for drilling projects on the Company&#146;s North Dakota Bakken
and Three Forks position. The Company drew $2
000
000 utilizing the PrenAnte5 Credit Agreement in February of 2012 and subsequently
paid in full and terminated the agreement in April of 2012.


 one of the Company&#146;s
former directors
 participated as a Lender through the Agent with a commitment amount of $1.5 million in the facility. In consideration
for his participation through the agent
 Mr. Goldfarb was issued 75
000 warrants (his pro-rata share as a Lender) with the same
terms and conditions as the other warrants issued in connection with the closing of the PrenAnte5 Credit Agreement. The warrants
vested on the May 2
 2012
 the one year anniversary of the grant and are exercisable until May 1
 2016 at an exercise price of
$0.95 per share. The total estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
 based on a volatility rate of 97% and a call
option value of $0.7837
 was $58
781
 and was amortized over the three year life of the credit agreement and the amortization was
accelerated in 2012 to fully amortize the remaining unamortized value upon termination of the agreement. The Company recognized
compensation expense of $-0- and $45
719 during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.



 Steve Lipscomb
received a commission of 5% of a royalty stream from Peerless Media Ltd.
 recorded on the balance sheet as of December 31
 2011
as a contingent consideration receivable
 as a result of an incentive arrangement with Mr. Lipscomb that was approved by Ante4&#146;s
Board of Directors in February 2009. Mr. Lipscomb has received a total of $-0- and $26
468 during the years ended December 31
2013 and 2012
 respectively
 of which $19
071 in royalties were received by Mr. Lipscomb while an officer of the Company in 2012.
As a result of the settlement of litigation related to the same agreement
 Mr. Lipscomb was due 5% of the settlement payments from
the litigation settlement amounting to approximately $548
827 of which $432
593 was paid in 2012 and the remaining $116
234 was
paid by the Company of the final settlement payment from Peerless Media
 Ltd. Mr. Lipscomb received an additional $19
477 in 2013
for his 5% share in additional settlement payments received by the Company in 2013.


space on a month to month basis where the lessor is an entity owned by our former CEO and current Chairman of the Board of Directors
Bradley Berman. The sublease agreement was cancelled and we entered into a direct lease on April 30
 2012 to expand and occupy
approximately 1
142 square feet of office space. The 2012 lease was amended effective November 15
 2013 to occupy approximately
2
813 square feet of office space. In accordance with this lease
 our lease term is on a month-to-month basis
 provided that either
party may provide 90 day notice to terminate the lease
 with base rents of $2
110 per month
 plus common area operations and maintenance
charges
 and monthly parking fees of $240 per month
 for the period from November 15
 2013 to October 31
 2014 and subject to increases
of $117 per month beginning November 1
 2014 and for each of the subsequent three year periods. We have paid a total of $34
350
and $26
546 to this entity during the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

12. Options (Details-Summary) (Options
 USD $)

        

      







          

        


Range of exercise price
 lower limit
        


Range of exercise price
 upper limit
        


        

639
834


        
        


        
        


        

141
667


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        

989
725


        

				 2032




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    
Years ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
67
145
    
    
    
3
900
    

    
    
    
(19
848
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
70
698
    
    
    
58
688
    

    
    
    
33
651
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
019
    
    
    
4
557
    

    
    
    
160
665
    
    
    
67
145
    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          

        

      










        

356

340


        

101

233


        

883

702


        

920

580


        

660
        


        

387

893
649


        

103
209

513
709


        

817

288
448



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        

887

630



          

        
        


        

001

206




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the costs to issue debt and obtain financing over the related debt instruments. Alternate captions include noncash interest expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 acquired and internally developed computer software.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets and mineral interests in oil and gas properties used for normal oil and gas operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
We account for income taxes under the provisions
of ASC Topic 740

 
deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences
 using currently enacted tax laws
attributable to temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
the amounts calculated for income tax purposes.


ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 consisted of the following:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(698
851
    
    
    
3
720
601
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(698
851
    
    
    
3
720
601
    



ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 consisted of the following:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



rate as of December 31
 2013 decreased by 3.66% from 6.01% as of December&#160;31
&#160;2012
 to 2.35%. This decrease in
the effective tax rate is attributable to changes in the Company&#146;s state apportionment factors in the current year. Due
to the legal settlement amounts and non-oil &#38; gas revenue the Company received during previous years being sourced to
the state of Minnesota for income tax purposes
 a larger percentage of the Company&#146;s activity was expected to be
apportioned to that state. As compared to North Dakota
 the other state the Company files tax returns in which has a
corporate income tax rate of 4.53%
 the state of Minnesota has a 9.80% corporate income tax rate. This change in
apportionment resulted in a 34.49% increase in the effective tax rate for the current period based on its effect on the
carrying value of the net deferred tax liability.


liabilities as of December 31
 2013 and 2012 are as follows:



    
    
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
465
973
    
    
    
2
466
977
    

    
    
    
1
118
426
    
    
    
837
761
    

    
    
    
79
806
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
040
    
    
    
54
943
    

    
    
    
60
007
    
    
    
27
535
    

    
    
    
8
774
252
    
    
    
3
387
216
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Ceiling test impairment
 intangible drilling costs and other exploration costs capitalized for financial reporting purposes
    
    
(12
229
818
    
    
    
(7
630
903
    

    
    
    
(13
764
    
    
    
(15
192
    

    
    
    
(12
243
582
    
    
    
(7
646
095
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
469
330
    
    
    
(4
258
879
    

    
    
    
(564
515
    
    
    
(473
817
    

    
    
    
(4
033
845
    
    
    
(4
732
696
    



 2013
 the Company has net
operating loss carryover of approximately $19
989
725. Under existing Federal law
 the net operating loss may be utilized to offset
taxable income through the year ended December 31
 2032. A portion of the net operating loss carryover begins to expire in 2030.


is recognized if
 based on the weight of available evidence
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax asset will not be realized. The Company had recognized a valuation allowance reducing the carrying value of its deferred tax
asset by $473
817 as of December 31
 2012. As of December 31
 2013 the Company has increased its valuation allowance by $90
698
to $564
515. This increase was to more accurately reflect an allowance on only a portion of its deferred tax assets which the Company
believes it is more likely than not that the benefit of these assets will not be realized.


returns and annual income tax returns for the states of Minnesota
 North Dakota and Montana. We are not subject to income tax examinations
by tax authorities for years before 2010 for all returns. Income taxing authorities have conducted no formal examinations of our
past federal or state income tax returns and supporting records.


740 regarding uncertainty in income taxes. The Company has found no significant uncertain tax positions as of any date on or before
December 31
 2013.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













