

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-21-044212
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210330
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Star Peak Corp II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001830210
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39835
		FILM NUMBER:		21789541
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1603 ORRINGTON AVENUE
 13TH FLOOR
		CITY:			EVANSTON
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		847-905-4500
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1603 ORRINGTON AVENUE
 13TH FLOOR
		CITY:			EVANSTON
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60201









     




UNITED
STATES


 D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

(Mark
One)
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020

&#9744;
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the transition period from &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; to &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

STAR
PEAK CORP II




    

    

    


(State
    or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization)
(Commission
    File Number)
(I.R.S.
    Employer Identification
 Number)




1603
Orrington Avenue
 13th Floor
Evanston
Illinois

    


(Address
    of principal executive offices)
(Zip
    Code)


Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code: (847) 905-4500

Not
Applicable
(Former name or former address
 if changed since last report)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:



Title
of Each Class:
Trading
        Symbol:

Name
        of Each Exchange on 
Which Registered:


Units
    each consisting of one share of Class A common stock
 $0.0001 par value
 and one-fourth of one warrant
    
The
    New York Stock Exchange

Shares
    of Class A common stock included as part of the units
    
The
    New York Stock Exchange

Warrants
    included as part of the units
 each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of
    $11.50
STPC
    WS
The
    New York Stock Exchange


Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes &#9744; No
 &#9746;

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes
 &#9744; No &#9746;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes &#9746; No &#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes &#9746; No &#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See definition of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
 &ldquo;smaller
reporting company&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



Large
    accelerated filer
    
Accelerated
    filer
    

Non-accelerated
    filer
    
Smaller
    reporting company
    

    
    
Emerging
    growth company
    


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. &#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes &#9746; No &#9744;

As
of June 30
 2020
 the last business day of the registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 the registrant&rsquo;s
securities were not publicly traded. The registrant&rsquo;s units began trading on The New York Stock Exchange (&ldquo;NYSE&rdquo;)
on January 6
 2021 and the registrant&rsquo;s shares of Class A common stock
 par value $0.0001 (the &ldquo;Class A common stock&rdquo;)
and warrants began trading on the NYSE on February 26
 2021. The aggregate market value of the common stock outstanding
 other
than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant
 computed by reference to the closing sales price for
the shares of common stock on March 22
 2021
 as reported on the NYSE
 was  $10.50 (based on the closing sales price of the
Class A common stock on March 22
 2021 of $369
862
500).

As
of March 22
 2021
 40
250
000 shares of Class A common stock
 par value $0.0001
 and 10
062
500 shares of Class B common stock
par value $0.0001
 were issued and outstanding.

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: None.




    
    

TABLE
OF CONTENTS&nbsp;



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Exhibits
 Financial Statements Schedules
    

    
    
    


    
    

CERTAIN
TERMS

Unless
otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 or the context otherwise requires
 references
to:


&ldquo;common
                                         stock&rdquo; are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock
 collectively;


&ldquo;founder
                                         shares&rdquo; are to shares of our Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor
                                         in a private placement prior to our initial public offering
 and the shares of our Class
                                         A common stock issued upon the conversion thereof as provided herein;


&ldquo;initial
                                         stockholders&rdquo; are to our sponsor and any other holders of our founder shares prior
                                         to our initial public offering (or their permitted transferees);


&ldquo;Magnetar&rdquo;
                                         are to Magnetar Capital LLC and its affiliated entities
 one of which is our sponsor;


&ldquo;MTP
                                         Group&rdquo; are to the business segment of Magnetar which manages investment funds focusing
                                         on the energy and infrastructure sector;


&ldquo;management&rdquo;
                                         or our &ldquo;management team&rdquo; are to our officers and directors;


&ldquo;private
                                         placement warrants&rdquo; are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement
                                         simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering;


&ldquo;public
                                         shares&rdquo; are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in
                                         our initial public offering (whether they are purchased in our initial public offering
                                         or thereafter in the open market);


&ldquo;public
                                         stockholders&rdquo; are to the holders of our public shares
 including our initial stockholders
                                         and management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management
                                         team purchase public shares
 provided that each initial stockholder&rsquo;s and member
                                         of our management team&rsquo;s status as a &ldquo;public stockholder&rdquo; shall only
                                         exist with respect to such public shares;


&ldquo;public
                                         warrants&rdquo; are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial
                                         public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter
                                         in the open market)
 to the private placement warrants if held by third parties other
                                         than our sponsor (or permitted transferees)
 and to any private placement warrants issued
                                         upon conversion of working capital loans that are sold to third parties that are not
                                         initial purchasers or executive officers or directors (or permitted transferees)
 in
                                         each case
 following the consummation of our initial business combination;


&ldquo;TPP&rdquo;
                                         are to Triangle Peak Partners
 LP;


&ldquo;sponsor&rdquo;
                                         are to Star Peak Sponsor II LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company; 


&ldquo;STPK
                                         I&rdquo; is to Star Peak Energy Transition Corp.
 a Delaware corporation (NYSE: STPK);


&ldquo;warrants&rdquo;
are to our redeemable warrants
 which includes the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants to the extent they
are no longer held by the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants or their permitted transferees; and



&ldquo;we
&rdquo;
                                         &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;company
&rdquo; &ldquo;STPC&rdquo; or &ldquo;our company&rdquo;
                                         are to Star Peak Corp. II.

    
    

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This
Report
 including
 without limitation
 statements under the heading &ldquo;Item 7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
&rdquo; includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934
 as amended
 (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking
terminology
 including the words &ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimates
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipates
&rdquo; &ldquo;expects
&rdquo;
 &ldquo;intends
&rdquo; &ldquo;plans
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;potential
&rdquo; &ldquo;projects
&rdquo;
 &ldquo;predicts
&rdquo; &ldquo;continue
&rdquo; or &ldquo;should
&rdquo; or
 in each case
 their negative or other variations
or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements
include
 but are not limited to
 any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination
and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management&rsquo;s
current expectations
 but actual results may differ materially due to various factors
 including
 but not limited to:


our
                                         ability to complete an initial business combination;


our
                                         success in retaining or recruiting
 or changes required in
 our officers
 key employees
                                         or directors following our initial business combination;


our
                                         officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having
                                         conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination;


our
                                         potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;


our
                                         pool of prospective target businesses;


the
                                         ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities;


our
                                         public securities&rsquo; potential liquidity and trading;


the
                                         lack of a market for our securities;


the
                                         use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income
                                         on the trust account balance;


the
                                         trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or


our
                                         financial performance following our initial public offering.

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks
 uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause
actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include
 but are not limited to
 those factors described under the heading &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo;
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize
 or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect
 actual results
may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or
revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise
 except as may be required
under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; may not be exhaustive.

By
their nature
 forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances
that may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance
and that our actual results of operations
 financial condition and liquidity
 and developments in the industry in which we operate
may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this Report. In addition
even if our results or operations
 financial condition and liquidity
 and developments in the industry in which we operate are
consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Report
 those results or developments may not be indicative of
results or developments in subsequent periods.

    
    

SUMMARY
OF RISK FACTORS

following
is a summary of the principal risks described below in Part I
 Item 1A &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; in this Annual Report on Form
10-K. We believe that the risks described in the &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; section are material to investors
 but other factors
to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely
affect us. The following summary should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us
 and it should
be read in conjunction with the &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; section and the other information contained in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.


We
                                         are a recently formed blank check company with no operating history and no revenues
                                         and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.


Past
                                         performance by our management team is not indicative of future performance of an investment
                                         in us.


Our
                                         public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business
                                         combination
 which means we may complete our initial business combination even though
                                         a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination.


Your
                                         only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination
                                         may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash.


If
                                         we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination
 our initial stockholders
                                         and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination
                                         regardless of how our public stockholders vote.


The
                                         ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial
                                         condition unattractive to potential business combination targets
 which may make it difficult
                                         for us to enter into a business combination with a target.


The
                                         ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large
                                         number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination
                                         or optimize our capital structure.


The
                                         ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large
                                         number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination
                                         would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem
                                         your stock.


Our
                                         search for a business combination
 and any target business with which we ultimately consummate
                                         a business combination
 may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus
                                         (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets.


We
                                         may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the 24 months after
                                         the closing of our initial public offering
 in which case we would cease all operations
                                         except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate
                                         in which case our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the
                                         funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders
                                         and our warrants will expire worthless.


If
                                         we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination
 our sponsor
 directors
                                         officers
 advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public stockholders
                                         which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public &ldquo;float&rdquo;
                                         of our Class A common stock.

    
    


If
                                         a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection
                                         with our business combination
 or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its
                                         shares
 such shares may not be redeemed.


You
                                         will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account
 except under certain
                                         limited circumstances. Therefore
 to liquidate your investment you may be forced to sell
                                         your public shares or warrants
 potentially at a loss.


NYSE
                                         may delist our securities from trading on its exchange
 which could limit investors&rsquo;
                                         ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.


You
                                         will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank
                                         check companies.


If
                                         we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct
                                         redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules
 and if you or a &ldquo;group&rdquo; of
                                         stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15% of our Class A common stock
 you will
                                         lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15% of our Class A common stock.


Because
                                         of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities
                                         it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are
                                         unable to complete our initial business combination
 our public stockholders may receive
                                         only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for
                                         distribution to public stockholders
 and our warrants will expire worthless.


If
                                         the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement
                                         warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate
                                         for at least 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering
 we may be unable
                                         to complete our initial business combination
 in which case our public stockholders may
                                         only receive $10.00 per share
 or less than such amount in certain circumstances
 and
                                         our warrants will expire worthless.


If
                                         the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement
                                         warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate
                                         for at least the next 24 months
 it could limit the amount available to fund our search
                                         for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and
                                         we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search for a
                                         business combination
 to pay our taxes
 including franchise and income taxes
 and to
                                         complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans
 we
                                         may be unable to complete our initial business combination.


Subsequent
                                         to the completion of our initial business combination
 we may be required to take write-downs
                                         or write-offs
 restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant
                                         negative effect on our financial condition
 results of operations and our stock price
                                         which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.


If
                                         third parties bring claims against us
 the proceeds held in the trust account could be
                                         reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than
                                         $10.00 per share.


Our
                                         directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor
 resulting
                                         in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution
                                         to our public stockholders.


If
                                         after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders
 we
                                         file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us
                                         that is not dismissed
 a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds
 and the
                                         members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties
                                         to our creditors
 thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims
                                         of punitive damages.

    
    

PART
I


Item
                                         1.



We
are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware for the purpose of effecting a merger
 capital stock exchange
 asset acquisition
stock purchase
 reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses
 which we refer to throughout this
Report as our initial business combination. We are an early stage and emerging growth company and
 as such
 we are subject to
all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies.

In
October 2020
 our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 10
062
500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25
000
 or approximately
$0.003 per share. Prior to the initial investment in the company of $25
000 by our sponsor
 the company had no assets
 tangible
or intangible. On January 4
 2021
 our sponsor transferred 40
000 founder shares to each of Desir&eacute;e Rogers and C. Park
Shaper
 our independent director nominees.

On
January 8
 2021
 the company completed its initial public offering of 40
250
000 units generating gross proceeds of $402
500
000.
On January 8
 2021
 the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional 5
250
000&nbsp;units
at a price of $10.00 per unit
 generating gross proceeds of $52
500
000. Each unit consists of one (1) share of Class A common
stock
 par value $0.0001
 and one-fourth (1/4) of one (1) redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to
purchase one (1) share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share
 subject to certain adjustments.

Concurrently
with the completion of the company&rsquo;s initial public offering
 the sponsor purchased an aggregate of 6
553
454 private placement
warrants
 including an additional 525
000 private placement warrants that were issued in connection with the exercise of the underwriters&rsquo;
overallotment option
 at a price of $2.00 per warrant
 or $ 13
106
909 in the aggregate. The purchase price of the private placement
warrants was added to the net proceeds of the company&rsquo;s initial public offering and placed in the trust account such that
the trust account held $402.5 million at the time of closing of the company&rsquo;s initial public offering. Each whole private
placement warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one (1) share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share
subject to certain adjustments.

Although
we may pursue our initial business combination in any business
 industry or geographic location
 we currently intend to focus
our efforts primarily on identifying businesses seeking to be a market leader in
 and/or benefit from the increasing global initiatives
to improve sustainability and/or reduce global emissions. To that end
 we intend to seek opportunities that capitalize on the
expertise and ability of our management team to identify and transact with a business in the broadly-defined sustainability sector.
This industry includes
 but is not limited to
 clean energy and power (including generation
 storage
 smart grid technologies
and hydrogen technologies and fuel cells)
 sustainable food and agriculture
 transportation (including electric vehicles
 mobility
and fueling or charging infrastructure)
 resource management (including energy efficiency and carbon capture)
 environmental services
(including waste management
 pollution control
 water and recycling) and technology enabled sustainable solutions (including supply
chain management) (collectively
 &ldquo;Sustainability&rdquo;) in North America. We will seek to capitalize on our management
team&rsquo;s decades of combined investment experience to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders. Notwithstanding
the foregoing
 our efforts on identifying a prospective target company or business will not be limited to a particular industry.

    
    

Market
Opportunity

We
believe that the current backdrop for investing in Sustainability presents a compelling opportunity set for our company. Over
the past few years
 we believe that there has been an increasing global focus on sustainability that is creating attractive and
scalable commercial opportunities across many sectors
 including clean energy and power
 sustainable food and agriculture
 transportation
resource management
 environmental services and technology enabled sustainable solutions. In addition
 investment in Sustainability
can contribute to solutions to complex global challenges such as emissions reduction
 access to clean water and healthier food
industrial innovation
 reduction of waste and combating climate change. With the recent focus on Environmental
 Social and Governance
(&ldquo;ESG&rdquo;) practices and business models by investors and fund managers and an increased number of individuals desiring
to support companies that share their values
 we believe companies operating in Sustainability related industries will be well-positioned
to succeed and grow.

We
also believe that this heightened global focus on sustainable development will result in massive investment in Sustainability
in the coming decades
 leading to attractive investment opportunities centered around a core Sustainability theme. Growth in the
Sustainability sector is driven by macroeconomic
 environmental and social trends. Macroeconomic trends contributing to growth
in the Sustainability sector include urbanization
 population growth and increased government spending. Environmental trends include
increased focus on climate change and a reduced carbon footprint and related regulatory requirements at the federal
 state and
local levels. In addition
 social trends
 such as the increased emphasis on ESG and healthier lifestyles
 are leading to a growing
global focus on sustainability and growth opportunities for companies operating in and related to the Sustainability sector.

As
governments
 corporations
 and investors have announced emissions targets in recent years
 the amount of capital required to achieve
these targets represents a step-change increase in capital investment levels across a wide range of subsectors with the International
Energy Agency (IEA) estimating approximately $59&nbsp;trillion of total capital investment across the global energy ecosystem
through 2040. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) estimates that annual investments in clean energy and energy
efficiency would need to increase six times by 2050 compared to 2015 to adhere to the Paris Agreement and the 2&nbsp;degrees scenario
with annual investments of $2.4&nbsp;trillion needed through 2035. The ensuing energy transition is already underway
 with renewable
energy now cheaper than new coal and gas generation across more than two-thirds of the world
 according to Bloomberg New Energy
Finance (BNEF). Moreover
 BNEF estimates that $25&nbsp;trillion in new investment will be required by 2050 to meet increasing
energy demand
 as generating capacity
 transmission &amp; distribution and battery infrastructure expand. Additionally
 in the
food and agricultural space
 the UN
 as reported by CNBC
 has estimated that food waste has a combined social
 environmental and
economic cost of $2.5&nbsp;trillion annually.

We
believe that many companies are positioned to succeed in a Sustainability related sector but lack sufficient capital to execute
on their strategic initiatives. At the same time
 public equity market interest in Sustainability initiatives has increased significantly
and is expected to provide a key source of funding for the large scale capital needed to sustainable development initiatives
both in North America and globally. Contributing to this anticipated increase in funding by the public equity markets
 institutional
asset managers are increasingly incorporating ESG guidelines into their investment policies
 and launching ESG-focused investment
vehicles. Correspondingly
 following our initial business combination
 we will evaluate incorporating best practices relating
to ESG disclosure
 including potentially incorporating Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures aligned reporting
employing Global Reporting Initiative methodologies and establishing meaningful science based emissions targets for our asset
base. We believe this dynamic will lead to an attractive opportunity set for our company.

Business
Strategy

Our
business strategy is to identify
 combine with and maximize the value of a company with operations in a Sustainability related
sector. In executing this strategy
 we will look for a target that (i)&nbsp;complements the experience of our management team
and the MTP Group
 (ii)&nbsp;can benefit from our team&rsquo;s operating and financial expertise and (iii)&nbsp;represents a compelling
investment opportunity for the company and our stockholders. We will focus our efforts on opportunities where we feel we have
a competitive advantage and are best situated to enhance the value of the business after completion of the business combination.
The ultimate goal of this business strategy is to maximize stockholder value.

    
    

Our
management team and board of directors have an extensive network of contacts that they will leverage in their efforts in identifying
an attractive target with operations in a Sustainability related sector. Additionally
 our management team and board of directors
have worked together for over a decade. We believe this existing network and long history of working together are advantages in
sourcing potential business combination targets. We also believe that our management team&rsquo;s reputation
 experience and track
record will make us a preferred counterparty for public and private companies with operations in a Sustainability related sector.
We also believe many privately held and publicly traded companies consider Magnetar to be a trustworthy partner and recognize
the firm&rsquo;s ability to support value and enhance returns.

A
substantial portion of the companies involved in the MTP Group&rsquo;s historical investments would have been attractively sized
as potential targets for our initial business combination. Therefore
 the MTP Group&rsquo;s ongoing implementation of its private
investment strategy could be another source of targets for our initial business combination to the extent that certain investment
opportunities it reviews may not be appropriate for Magnetar&rsquo;s existing investment funds
 but attractive for our company.
In addition
 for over 10&nbsp;years
 TPP has actively sourced thousands of opportunities that are venture backed. Over this period
TPP has seen an increasing number of companies focused on Sustainability. Many opportunities that may be attractive for the company
could come from this ecosystem
 where the company has a deep and established network.

Following
the completion of our initial public offering
 we began the process of communicating with the network of relationships of our
management team
 our board of directors and their affiliates to articulate the parameters for our search for a potential target
initial business combination and began the process of pursuing and reviewing potential opportunities.

Acquisition
Criteria

Consistent
with our business strategy
 we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in
evaluating targets for our initial business combination. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating business combination
opportunities
 but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet any
or all of these criteria and guidelines. We currently intend to focus on targets that we believe:


are
                                         well positioned to participate in the dynamic growth of the Sustainability sector
 by
                                         focusing on business or sustainable solutions that contribute to or enable sustainable
                                         development;


have
                                         a positive environmental and social impact
 taking into account stakeholders
 employees
                                         and the community
 without sacrificing a financial return for our stockholders;


will
                                         benefit from our management team&rsquo;s operating expertise
 technical expertise
 structuring
                                         expertise
 extensive network
 insight and capital markets expertise in Sustainability;


have
                                         opportunities to grow the business organically and via third-party acquisitions;


will
                                         be well received by public investors and are expected to have access to the public capital
                                         markets
 including ESG-focused investors;


are
                                         engaged in activities that would benefit from what our management team and MTP Group
                                         believe to be key macro trends driving the Sustainability sector; and


are
                                         expected to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders.

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination
may be based
 to the extent relevant
 on these general guidelines as well as other considerations
 factors and criteria that our
management team may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business
that does not meet any or all of the above criteria and guidelines
 we will disclose that the target business does not meet the
above criteria in our stockholder communications related to our initial business combination
 which
 as discussed in this Report
would be in the form of proxy solicitation or tender offer materials that we would file with the SEC.

    
    

Initial
Business Combination

The
NYSE rules require that we complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of
the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable
on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial
business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business
combination
 we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting firm with respect
to the satisfaction of such criteria. Our stockholders may not be provided with a copy of such opinion
 nor will they be able
to rely on such opinion.

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company will own or acquire 100% of the equity
interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may
 however
 structure our initial business combination such that
the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet
certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons. However
 we will only complete such business
combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or
otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940
 as amended
 or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target
 our stockholders prior to the business combination
may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company
 depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us
in the business combination transaction. For example
 we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of
new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case
 we would acquire a 100% controlling
interest in the target. However
 as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares
 our stockholders immediately
prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business
combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the
post-transaction company
 the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account
for purposes of the NYSE&rsquo;s 80% of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target business
 the
80% of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses
together as the initial business combination for seeking stockholder approval or for purposes of a tender offer
 as applicable.

Our
Acquisition Process

In
evaluating a prospective target business
 we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review that will encompass
 among other
things
 meetings with incumbent management and employees
 document reviews
 inspection of facilities
 as well as a review of financial
and other information that will be made available to us. We will also utilize our transactional
 financial
 managerial and investment
experience.

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor
 officers
or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor
officers or directors
 we
 or a committee of independent directors
 will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of
view.

Our
sponsor
 members of our management team and our independent directors directly or indirectly own founder shares and/or private
placement warrants and
 accordingly
 may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an
appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further
 each of our officers and directors may
have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any
such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business
combination.

    
    

Each
of our officers and directors presently has
 and any of them in the future may have additional
 fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity.
Accordingly
 if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an
entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations
 he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or
contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such other entity. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity
is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity
is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue
 and to the
extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. In addition
Magnetar and its affiliates and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other blank check companies similar to ours during
the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest
in pursuing an acquisition target. However
 we do not currently expect that any such other blank check company would materially
affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition
 our sponsor
 officers and directors
 are not required
to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs
 and
 accordingly
 will have conflicts of interest in allocating management
time among various business activities
 including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.

Our
Management Team

Members
of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much
of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time
that any members of our management team will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected
for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process.

We
believe our management team&rsquo;s operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us with
a substantial number of potential business combination targets. Over the course of their careers
 the members of our management
team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This network has grown through the
activities of our management team sourcing
 acquiring and financing businesses
 our management team&rsquo;s relationships with
sellers
 financing sources and target management teams and the experience of our management team in executing transactions under
varying economic and financial market conditions.

Status
as a Public Company

We
believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company
we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination
with us. In a business combination transaction with us
 the owners of the target business may
 for example
 exchange their shares
of stock in the target business for shares of our Class&nbsp;A common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination
of shares of our Class&nbsp;A common stock and cash
 allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers.
Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company
 we believe target businesses will find
this method a more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The
typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction
process
 and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process
 including underwriting discounts and commissions
that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us.

Furthermore
once a proposed business combination is completed
 the target business will have effectively become public
 whereas an initial
public offering is always subject to the underwriters&rsquo; ability to complete the offering
 as well as general market conditions
which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Once public
 we believe
the target business would then have greater access to capital
 an additional means of providing management incentives consistent
with stockholders&rsquo; interests and the ability to use its equity as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can
offer further benefits by augmenting a company&rsquo;s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting
talented employees.

    
    

We
are an &ldquo;emerging growth company
&rdquo; as defined in Section&nbsp;2(a) of the Securities Act
 as modified by the JOBS Act.
As such
 we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other
public companies that are not &ldquo;emerging growth companies&rdquo; including
 but not limited to
 not being required to comply
with the auditor attestation requirements of Section&nbsp;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements
 and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding
advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If
some investors find our securities less attractive as a result
 there may be a less active trading market for our securities and
the prices of our securities may be more volatile.

In
addition
 Section&nbsp;107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; can take advantage of the
extended transition period provided in Section&nbsp;7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting
standards. In other words
 an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until
those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition
period.

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1)&nbsp;the last day of the fiscal year (a)&nbsp;following the fifth
anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering
 (b)&nbsp;in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least
$1.07&nbsp;billion (as adjusted for inflation pursuant to SEC rules from time to time)
 or (c)&nbsp;in which we are deemed to
be a large accelerated filer
 which means the market value of our Class&nbsp;A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds
$700&nbsp;million as of the prior June&nbsp;30th
 and (2)&nbsp;the date on which we have issued more than $1.0&nbsp;billion in
non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.

Financial
Position

With
funds available for a business combination initially in the amount of up to $388
412
500 after payment of $14
087
500 of deferred
underwriting discounts and commissions
 before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination
 we offer a
target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners
 providing capital for the potential growth
and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able
to complete our business combination using our cash
 debt or equity securities
 or a combination of the foregoing
 we have the
flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business
to fit its needs and desires. However
 we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance
it will be available to us.

Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination

We
are not presently engaged in any operations. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds
of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants
 our capital stock
 debt or a combination
of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially
unstable or in its early stages of development or growth
 which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies
and businesses.

If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities
 or not all of the funds released from the trust
account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our business combination or used for redemptions of purchases
of our Class&nbsp;A common stock
 we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate
purposes
 including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company
 the payment of principal or interest
due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination
 to fund the purchase of other companies or for working
capital.

    
    

We
may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of
our initial business combination
 and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather
than using the amounts held in the trust account. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws
 we would expect to complete
such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our business combination. In the case of an initial business combination
funded with assets other than the trust account assets
 our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials disclosing the business
combination would disclose the terms of the financing and
 only if required by law
 we would seek stockholder approval of such
financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business
combination. At this time
 we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising
any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise.

Sources
of Target Businesses

We
anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources
 including investment
market participants
 private equity groups
 venture capital firms
 investment banking firms
 consultants
 accounting firms and
large business enterprises. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being
solicited by us through calls or mailings. Our officers and directors
 as well as their affiliates
 may also bring to our attention
target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries
or discussions they may have
 as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition
 we expect to receive a number of proprietary
deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our
officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals
that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis
 we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future
 in
which event we may pay a finder&rsquo;s fee
 consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm&rsquo;s length negotiation
based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a
finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis
with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of a finder&rsquo;s fee
is customarily tied to completion of a transaction
 in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust
account. In no event
 however
 will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors
 or any entity with which they are
affiliated
 be paid any finder&rsquo;s fee
 consulting fee or other compensation prior to
 or for any services they render in
order to effectuate
 the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We
have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of $10
000 per month for office space
 utilities
 secretarial support and
administrative services and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying
 investigation and
completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements
with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements
will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate.

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our
sponsor
 officers or directors
 or from making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with
our sponsor
 officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination
target that is affiliated with our sponsor
 officers or directors
 we
 or a committee of independent directors
 would obtain an
opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination
is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.

If
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of
any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations
 he or she may be required to present such
business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers
and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties
to us.

    
    

Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination

Our
initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of
at least 80% of our assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes
payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination.
The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally
accepted by the financial community
 such as discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses. If our board is
not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses
 we will obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria.
We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination.
Subject to this requirement
 our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more
prospective target businesses
 although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank
check company or a similar company with nominal operations.

In
any case
 we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50% or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company
not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100%
of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses
 the portion of such business or businesses that are owned
or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be valued for purposes of the NYSE&rsquo;s 80% of net assets test.

To
the extent we effect our business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth
 we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will
endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business
 we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain
or assess all significant risk factors.

In
evaluating a prospective target business
 we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review
 which may encompass
 among other
things
 meetings with incumbent management and employees
 document reviews
 interviews of customers and suppliers
 inspection
of facilities
 as applicable
 as well as a review of financial
 operational
 legal and other information which will be made available
to us.

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination
 and the
costs associated with this process
 are not currently ascertainable. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and
evaluation of
 and negotiation with
 a prospective target business with which our business combination is not ultimately completed
will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company
will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team
 or any of their respective affiliates
 for services rendered
to or in connection with our initial business combination.&nbsp;&#8203;

Redemption
Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination

We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon
the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on
deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination
 including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes
 including franchise
and income taxes
 divided by the number of then outstanding public shares
 subject to certain limitations. There will be no redemption
rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Our initial stockholders
 Sponsor
officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us
 pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption
rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares they may acquire during or after the Public Offering in connection
with the completion of our business combination.

    
    

Conduct
of Redemptions Pursuant to Tender Offer Rules

If
we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC
 we will
 pursuant to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation: (a) conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act
 which regulate issuer
tender offers; and (b) file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain
substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is
required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act
 which regulates the solicitation of proxies.

Submission
of Our Initial Business Combination to a Stockholder Vote

In
the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination
 we will distribute proxy materials and
 in connection
therewith
 provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business
combination.

If
we seek stockholder approval
 we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of
common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and
have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor
of our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether it
votes for or against the proposed transaction. In addition
 our sponsor
 officers and directors have entered into letter agreements
with us
 pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public
shares held by them in connection with the completion of a business combination.

In
the event we seek stockholder approval of our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules
 our initial stockholders
 sponsor
 directors
 officers
 advisors or their affiliates
may purchase shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following
the completion of our initial business combination. However
 they have no current commitments
 plans or intentions to engage in
such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account
will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions
 they will not make
any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases
are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases
 if any
 would constitute
a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private
rules under the Exchange Act; however
 if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject
to such rules
 the purchasers will comply with such rules.

The
purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase
the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement
with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination
where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our business combination
that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition
 if such purchases are made
 the public &ldquo;float&rdquo; of our common
stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced
 which may make it difficult to maintain
or obtain the quotation
 listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.

    
    

Limitation
on Redemption Upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination if We Seek Stockholder Approval

Notwithstanding
the foregoing
 if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection
with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide
that a public stockholder
 together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting
in concert or as a &ldquo;group&rdquo; (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act)
 will be restricted from seeking redemption
rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in the company&rsquo;s initial public offering
 which
we refer to as the &ldquo;Excess Shares
&rdquo; without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders
from accumulating large blocks of shares
 and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption
rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant
premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision
 a public stockholder holding more
than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in the company&rsquo;s initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption
rights if such holder&rsquo;s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or
on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders&rsquo; ability to redeem no more than 15% of the shares sold in the company&rsquo;s
initial public offering
 we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block
our ability to complete our business combination
 particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires
as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However
 we would not be restricting our
stockholders&rsquo; ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination.

Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we have until January 8
 2023 to complete our initial business
combination. If we are unable to complete our business combination by such date
 we will: (i) cease all operations except for
the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem the
public shares
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes
 including franchise
and income taxes (less up to $100
000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses)
 divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders&rsquo; rights as stockholders (including the right to
receive further liquidating distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following
such redemption
 subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors
 dissolve and liquidate
 subject
in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants
 which will expire worthless
if we fail to complete our business combination by January 8
 2023.



In
identifying
 evaluating and selecting a target business for our business combination
 we may encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours
 including other blank check companies
 private equity groups and leveraged
buyout funds
 and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive
experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover
 many of these competitors
possess greater financial
 technical
 human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will
be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition
of a target business. Furthermore
 our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption
rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants
 and the future
dilution they potentially represent
 may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place
us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination.



Our
executive offices are located at 1603 Orrington Avenue
 13th&nbsp;Floor
 Evanston
 Illinois 60201
 and our telephone number is
(847) 905-4500. The cost for our use of this space is included in the $10
000 per month fee we will pay to an affiliate of our
sponsor for office space
 utilities
 secretarial support and administrative services. We consider our current office space adequate
for our current operations.

    
    

Employees
and Human Capital Resources

We
currently have three officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they
intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination.
The amount of time that they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for
our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in.

Periodic
Reporting and Financial Information

We
have registered our&nbsp;units
 Class&nbsp;A common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations
including the requirement that we file annual
 quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements
of the Exchange Act
 our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered
public accountants.

We
will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation
or tender offer materials (as applicable) sent to stockholders. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP
 or reconciled to
 U.S. GAAP
 or International Financial Reporting Standards
 depending on the circumstances
 and
the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial
statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to
provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial
business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business selected by us
as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above
or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined
above. To the extent that any applicable requirements cannot be met
 we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business.
While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates
 we do not believe that this limitation will be material.

We
will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December&nbsp;31
 2021 as required by
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required
to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance
with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.

Legal
Proceedings

There
is no material litigation
 arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management
team in their capacity as such.&nbsp;

    
    


Item
Risk
                                         Factors

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below
 together
with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the prospectus associated with our initial public
offering
 before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur
 our business
 financial
condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event
 the trading price of our securities could
decline
 and you could lose all or part of your investment.

We
are a recently formed blank check company with no operating history and no revenues
 and you have no basis on which to evaluate
our ability to achieve our business objective.

We
are a recently formed company with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history
 you have no basis upon which to
evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target
businesses. We may be unable to complete our business combination. If we fail to complete our business combination
 we will never
generate any operating revenues.

Past
performance by our management team is not indicative of future performance of an investment in us.

Information
regarding performance by
 or businesses associated with
 our management team
 is presented for informational purposes only. Any
past experience and performance of our management team is not a guarantee either: (1) that we will be able to successfully identify
a suitable candidate for our initial business combination; or (2) of any results with respect to any initial business combination
we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of the performance of our management team as being indicative
of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will
 or are likely to
 generate going forward.

Our
public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination
 which means we may complete
our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination.

We
may choose not to hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination if the business combination would not require
stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. Except as required by applicable law or stock
exchange requirement
 the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will
allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us
 solely in our discretion
 and will be based
on a variety of factors
 such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require
us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly
 we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of
our public shares do not approve of the business combination we complete.

Your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of
your right to redeem your shares from us for cash.

At
the time of your investment in us
 you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our
initial business combination. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval
public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination
 unless we seek such stockholder
vote. Accordingly
 if we do not seek stockholder approval
 your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a
potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at
least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial
business combination.

    
    

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination
 our initial stockholders and management team have agreed to
vote in favor of such initial business combination
 regardless of how our public stockholders vote.

We
expect that our initial stockholders will own at least approximately 20% of our outstanding shares of common stock immediately
following the completion of our initial public offering. Our initial stockholders and management team also may from time to time
purchase shares of Class A common stock prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that
 if we seek stockholder approval of an initial business combination
 such initial business combination will be approved
if we receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares voted at such meeting
 including the founder shares. Accordingly
if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination
 the agreement by our initial stockholders and management
team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite stockholder
approval for such initial business combination.

The
ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential
business combination targets
 which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target.

We
may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition
that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights
we would not be able to meet such closing condition and
 as a result
 would not be able to proceed with the business combination.
Furthermore
 in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than
$5
000
001. Consequently
 if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less
than $5
000
001 upon consummation of our initial business combination or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition
as described above
 we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for
an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and
 thus
 may be reluctant to enter into
a business combination transaction with us.

The
ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us
to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.

At
the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination
 we will not know how many stockholders may exercise
their redemption rights
 and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares
that will be submitted for redemption. If our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust
account to pay the purchase price
 or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing
 we will need to reserve a portion
of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements
 or arrange for third party financing. In addition
 if a larger number
of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected
 we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater
portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve
dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit
our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure.

The
ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the
probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order
to redeem your stock.

If
our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price
 or
requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing
 the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful
is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful
 you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account
until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity
 you could attempt to sell your stock in the open
market; however
 at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either
situation
 you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption
until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market.

    
    

The
requirement that we complete our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of our initial public offering
may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have to
conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline
 which could undermine
our ability to complete our business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders.

Any
potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete
our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering. Consequently
 such target business
may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination
 knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination
with that particular target business
 we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business.
This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition
 we may have limited time to conduct due
diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.

Our
search for a business combination
 and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination
 may be
materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets.

In
December 2019
 a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan
 China
 which has and is continuing to spread
throughout the world
 including the United States. On January 30
 2020
 the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of
the coronavirus disease (&ldquo;COVID-19&rdquo;) a &ldquo;Public Health Emergency of International Concern.&rdquo; On January
31
 2020
 U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex M. Azar II declared a public health emergency for the United States to
aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to COVID-19
 and on March 11
 2020 the World Health Organization characterized
the outbreak as a &ldquo;pandemic&rdquo;. The COVID-19 outbreak has resulted and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases
could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide
 and the
business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected.
Furthermore
 we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict
travel
 limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company&rsquo;s personnel
 vendors and services
providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our
search for a business combination will depend on future developments
 which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted
 including
new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact
among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time
our ability to consummate a business combination
 or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a
business combination
 may be materially adversely affected. In addition
 our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent
on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events
 including as a result of
increased market volatility
 decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us
or at all.

We
may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the 24 months after the closing of our initial public offering
in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate
in which case our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available
for distribution to public stockholders
 and our warrants will expire worthless.

We
may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing
of our initial public offering. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general
market conditions
 volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not completed our
initial business combination within such time period (subject to our ability to seek an extension of such 24-month period as described
herein)
 we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not
more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem the public shares
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account
 including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes
 including franchise and income taxes (less up to $100
000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses)
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders&rsquo;
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders
and our board of directors
 dissolve and liquidate
 subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for
claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case
 our public stockholders may only receive $10.00
per share
 and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances
 our public stockholders may receive less than $10.00
per share on the redemption of their shares. See &ldquo;&mdash; If third parties bring claims against us
 the proceeds held in
the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share&rdquo;
and other risk factors below.

    
    

If
we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the 24-month period
 we may seek an amendment to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the period of time we have to complete an initial business combination beyond
24 months. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires that such an amendment be approved by holders of 65%
of our outstanding common stock.

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination
 our sponsor
 directors
 officers
 advisors and their affiliates
may elect to purchase shares from public stockholders
 which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce
the public &ldquo;float&rdquo; of our Class A common stock.

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules
 our sponsor
 directors
 officers
 advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares
in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
combination
 although they are under no obligation to do so.

Such
a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder
 although still the record holder of our shares is
no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor
directors
 officers
 advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders
who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights
 such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior
elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the business
combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a
closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the
closing of our business combination
 where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. In addition
 if such purchases
are made
 the public &ldquo;float&rdquo; of our Class A common stock and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may
be reduced
 possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation
 listing or trading of our securities on a national
securities exchange.

If
a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our business combination
 or
fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares
 such shares may not be redeemed.

We
will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules
 as applicable
 when conducting redemptions in connection with our business
combination. Despite our compliance with these rules
 if a stockholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer
materials
 as applicable
 such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition
 the proxy
solicitation or tender offer materials
 as applicable
 that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with
our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or
tender public shares. For example
 we may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights
 whether
they are record holders or hold their shares in &ldquo;street name
&rdquo; to either tender their certificates to our transfer
agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials mailed to such holders
 or up to two business
days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy
materials
 or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with
these or any other procedures
 its shares may not be redeemed.

    
    

You
will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account
 except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore
to liquidate your investment
 you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants
 potentially at a loss.

Our
public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (a) the completion
of our initial business combination
 and then only in connection with those shares of Class A common stock that such stockholder
properly elected to redeem
 subject to the limitations described herein
 (b) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered
in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A common stock the right to have their shares redeemed in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (ii) with respect to any other provisions relating to the
rights of holders of our Class A common stock
 and (c) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated our business
combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering
 subject to applicable law and as further described
herein. In addition
 if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial
public offering for any reason
 compliance with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing
stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our trust account. In that case
 public stockholders
may be forced to wait beyond 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering before they receive funds from our trust
account. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Accordingly
to liquidate your investment
 you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants
 potentially at a loss.

NYSE
may delist our securities from trading on its exchange
 which could limit investors&rsquo; ability to make transactions in our
securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.

Our
securities are currently listed on the NYSE. However
 we cannot assure you that our securities will be
 or will continue to be
listed on the NYSE in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on
the NYSE prior to our initial business combination
 we must maintain certain financial
 distribution and stock price levels. Additionally
in connection with our initial business combination
 we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE&rsquo;s initial
listing requirements
 which are more rigorous than the NYSE&rsquo;s continued listing requirements
 in order to continue to maintain
the listing of our securities on the NYSE. For instance
 our stock price would generally be required to be at least $4.00 per
share and we must have 400 round lot holders upon the consummation of our initial business combination. We may not be able to
meet those initial listing requirements at that time.

If
the NYSE delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities
exchange
 we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur
 we could face significant
material adverse consequences
 including:


a
                                         limited availability of market quotations for our securities;


reduced
                                         liquidity for our securities;


a
                                         determination that our Class A common stock is a &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; which will
                                         require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules
                                         and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market
                                         for our securities;


a
                                         limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and


a
                                         decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the
                                         future.

The
National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996
 which is a federal statute
 prevents or preempts the states from regulating
the sale of certain securities
 which are referred to as &ldquo;covered securities.&rdquo; Because our units
 Class A common stock
and warrants are listed on the NYSE
 our units
 Class A common stock and warrants will be covered securities. Although the states
are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities
 the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies
if there is a suspicion of fraud
 and
 if there is a finding of fraudulent activity
 then the states can regulate or bar the sale
of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict
the sale of securities issued by blank check companies
 other than the state of Idaho
 certain state securities regulators view
blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers
 or threaten to use these powers
 to hinder the sale of securities
of blank check companies in their states. Further
 if we were no longer listed on the NYSE
 our securities would not be covered
securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities.

    
    

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer
rules
 and if you or a &ldquo;group&rdquo; of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15% of our Class A common stock
 you
will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15% of our Class A common stock.

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a
public stockholder
 together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in
concert or as a &ldquo;group&rdquo; (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act)
 will be restricted from seeking redemption
rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent
which we refer to as the &ldquo;Excess Shares.&rdquo; However
 we would not be restricting our stockholders&rsquo; ability to
vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess
Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our business combination and you could suffer a material loss on
your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally
 you will not receive redemption distributions
with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our business combination. And as a result
 you will continue to hold that number
of shares exceeding 15% and
 in order to dispose of such shares
 would be required to sell your stock in open market transactions
potentially at a loss.

Because
of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities
 it may be more difficult for
us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
 our public stockholders
may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders
and our warrants will expire worthless.

We
have encountered and continue to expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar
to ours
 including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships)
 other blank check companies and other
entities
 domestic and international
 competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and
entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting
 directly or indirectly
 acquisitions
of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical
 human
and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources are relatively limited when contrasted
with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants
 our ability to compete with respect
to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent
competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore
 we are
obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business
combination
 in conjunction with a stockholder vote or via a tender offer. Target businesses will be aware that this may reduce
the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage
in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
 our public
stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to
public stockholders
 and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances
 our public stockholders may receive less
than $10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See &ldquo;&mdash; If third parties bring claims against us
 the proceeds held in
the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share&rdquo;
and other risk factors below.

    
    

If
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account
are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering
 we may be unable
to complete our initial business combination
 in which case our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share
 or less
than such amount in certain circumstances
 and our warrants will expire worthless.

The
funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for 24 months from the closing
of our initial public offering
 assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We believe that
upon the closing of our initial public offering
 the funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to
allow us to operate for 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering; however
 we cannot assure you that our estimate
is accurate. Of the funds available to us
 we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist
us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a &ldquo;no-shop&rdquo;
provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from &ldquo;shopping&rdquo; around for transactions
with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination
although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive
exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or
otherwise)
 we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for
 or conduct due diligence with respect to
 a target business.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
 our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per
share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances
 our public stockholders
may receive less than $10.00 per share upon our liquidation.

If
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account
are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months
 it could limit the amount available to fund our search
for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our sponsor
or management team to fund our search for a business combination
 to pay our taxes
 including franchise and income taxes
 and
to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans
 we may be unable to complete our initial
business combination.

Of
the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants
 only approximately $2
000
000
will be available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. If we are required to seek
additional capital
 we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor
 management team or other third parties to operate or we may
be forced to liquidate. None of our sponsor
 members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation
to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account
or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. We do not expect to seek loans from parties
other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and
waive all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because
we do not have sufficient funds available to us
 we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently
our public stockholders may only receive an estimated $10.00 per share
 on our redemption of our public shares
 and our warrants
will expire worthless. In certain circumstances
 our public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share on the redemption
of their shares.

Subsequent
to the completion of our initial business combination
 we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs
 restructuring and
impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition
 results of operations and
our stock price
 which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.

Even
if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine
 we cannot assure you that this diligence will
surface all material issues in relation to a particular target business
 that it would be possible to uncover all material issues
through a customary amount of due diligence
 or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not
later arise. As a result of these factors
 we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets
 restructure our operations
or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies
certain risks
 unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary
risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity
 the fact that
we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition
 charges
of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing
debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly
 any stockholders who
choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such
stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction
was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them
 or if they are able
to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials
 as applicable
relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission.

    
    

If
third parties bring claims against us
 the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount
received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share.

Our
placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to
have all vendors
 service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm )
 prospective target businesses
and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right
 title
 interest or claim of any kind
in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders
 such parties may not execute such agreements
or even if they execute such agreements
 they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account
 including
but not limited to
 fraudulent inducement
 breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims
 as well as claims challenging
the enforceability of the waiver
 in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets
 including
the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held
in the trust account
 our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an
agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party&rsquo;s engagement would
be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative.

Examples
of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party
consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants
that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver.
In addition
 there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of
or arising out of
 any negotiations
 contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for
any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares
 if we are unable to complete our business combination within the prescribed
timeframe
 or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our business combination
 we will be required to provide
for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption.
Accordingly
 the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the $10.00 per public share initially
held in the trust account
 due to claims of such creditors. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the
extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm and the underwriters of our initial
public offering) for services rendered or products sold to us
 or a prospective target business with which we have entered into
a written letter of intent
 confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement
 reduce the amount of
funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held
in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account
 if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in
the value of the trust assets
 in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes
 provided that such liability
will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the
monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities
 including liabilities under the Securities Act.
However
 we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations
 nor have we independently verified whether
our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor&rsquo;s only assets are
securities of our company. Therefore
 we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result
if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account
 the funds available for our initial business combination
and redemptions could be reduced to less than $10.00 per public share. In such event
 we may not be able to complete our initial
business combination
 and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares.
None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including
 without limitation
 claims by vendors
and prospective target businesses.

    
    

Our
directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor
 resulting in a reduction in the amount of
funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders.

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual
amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account
 if less than $10.00
per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets
 in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes
and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to
a particular claim
 our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its
indemnification obligations.

While
we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations to us
 it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary
duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification
obligations
 the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below
$10.00 per share.

If
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders
 we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed
 a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds
 and the members
of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors
 thereby exposing the members
of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages.

If
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders
 we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed
 any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under
applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a &ldquo;preferential transfer&rdquo; or a &ldquo;fraudulent conveyance.&rdquo;
As a result
 a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition
 our board
of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith
 thereby exposing
itself and us to claims of punitive damages
 by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims
of creditors.

If
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders
 we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed
 the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over
the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with
our liquidation may be reduced.

If
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders
 we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed
 the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable
bankruptcy law
 and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the
claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account
 the per-share amount that would otherwise
be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act
 we may be required to institute burdensome compliance
requirements and our activities may be restricted
 which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination.

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act
 our activities may be restricted
 including:


restrictions
                                         on the nature of our investments; and


restrictions
                                         on the issuance of securities
 each of which may make it difficult for us to complete
                                         our business combination.

    
    

In
addition
 we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements
 including:


registration
                                         as an investment company;


adoption
                                         of a specific form of corporate structure; and


reporting
                                         record keeping
 voting
 proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations.

In
order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act
 unless we can qualify for an exclusion
 we
must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing
 reinvesting or trading of securities and that our
activities do not include investing
 reinvesting
 owning
 holding or trading &ldquo;investment securities&rdquo; constituting
more than 40% of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business
is to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long
term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated
businesses or assets or to be a passive investor.

We
do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end
 the proceeds
held in the trust account may only be invested in United States &ldquo;government securities&rdquo; within the meaning of Section
2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations.
Pursuant to the trust agreement
 the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment
of the proceeds to these instruments
 and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long
term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund)
 we intend to avoid
being deemed an &ldquo;investment company&rdquo; within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. Our securities are not intended
for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended
as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (a) the completion of our initial business combination
 (b) the
redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A common stock the right
to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we
do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (ii) with
respect to any other provisions relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock
 and (c) the redemption of our public
shares if we have not consummated our business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering
 subject
to applicable law. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above
 we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company
Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act
 compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would
require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
 our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per
share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

Changes
in laws or regulations
 or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations
 may adversely affect our business
 including our
ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination
 and results of operations.

We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national
 regional and local governments. In particular
 we are required to comply
with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with
 and monitoring of
 applicable laws and regulations may be difficult
time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time
and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business
 investments and results of operations. In addition
 a
failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations
 as interpreted and applied
 could have a material adverse effect on our
business
 including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination
 and results of operations.

    
    

Our
stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption
of their shares.

Under
the DGCL
 stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received
by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption
of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our
initial public offering may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain
procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it
including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation
 a 90-day period during
which the corporation may reject any claims brought
 and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions
are made to stockholders
 any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of
such stockholder&rsquo;s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder
 and any liability of the stockholder
would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However
 it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon
as reasonably possible following the 24th month from the closing of our initial public offering in the event we do not complete
our business combination and
 therefore
 we do not intend to comply with the procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL.

Because
we will not be complying with Section 280
 Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan
 based on facts known to us
at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against
us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However
 because we are a blank check company
 rather than an operating company
and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire
 the only likely claims to arise
would be from our vendors (such as lawyers
 investment bankers
 etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution
complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL
 any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited
to the lesser of such stockholder&rsquo;s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder
 and any liability
of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly
assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such
 our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims
to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third
anniversary of such date. Furthermore
 if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon
the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the
closing of our initial public offering is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution
is deemed to be unlawful
 then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL
 the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then
be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution
 instead of three years
 as in the case of a liquidating distribution.

We
may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination
 which could delay
the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors.

In
accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements
 we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than
one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL
 we are
 however
required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless
such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect
new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination
 and thus
 we may not be in compliance with Section
211(b) of the DGCL
 which requires an annual meeting. Therefore
 if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to
the consummation of our initial business combination
 they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to
the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL.

Holders
of Class A common stock are not entitled to vote on any election of directors we hold prior to our initial business combination.

Prior
to our initial business combination
 only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders
of our public shares are not entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. In addition
 prior to the completion
of an initial business combination
 holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors
for any reason. Accordingly
 you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial
business combination.

    
    

We
have not registered the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any
state securities laws at this time
 and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants
 thus
precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants
to expire worthless.

We
have not registered the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any
state securities laws at this time. However
 under the terms of the warrant agreement
 we have agreed that
 as soon as practicable
but in no event later than twenty business days after the closing of our initial business combination
 we will use our commercially
reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance of such shares
 and we will use our commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination
and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those shares until the warrants
expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if
 for example
 any facts or events arise which represent
a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus
 the financial statements contained
or incorporated by reference therein are not current
 complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable
upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements
 we will be
required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis
 in which case
 the number of shares of Class A common
stock that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361
shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). However
 no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis
 and we will
not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants
 unless the issuance of the shares upon such
exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder
 or an exemption from registration
is available. Notwithstanding the above
 if our Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on
a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a &ldquo;covered security&rdquo; under Section 18(b)(1)
of the Securities Act
 we may
 at our option
 require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a &ldquo;cashless
basis&rdquo; in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and
 in the event we so elect
 we will not be required to
file or maintain in effect a registration statement
 but we will be required to use our commercially reasonable efforts to register
or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required
to net cash settle any warrant
 or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are
unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and there is no exemption
available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration
or qualification
 the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value
and expire worthless. In such event
 holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full
unit purchase price solely for the shares of Class A common stock included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an
exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding
exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold in our initial public offering. In
such an instance
 our sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and officers) would be able to exercise
their warrants and sell the shares of common stock underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be
able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying shares of common stock. If and when the warrants become redeemable by
us
 we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying shares of Class A common
stock for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result
 we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if
the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants.

The
grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination
and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock.

Pursuant
to an agreement entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in our initial public offering
 our initial
stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the Class A common stock into which founder shares are
convertible
 holders of our private placement warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private
placement warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants and holders of warrants
that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such warrants or the Class A common stock
issuable upon exercise of such warrants. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading
in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition
 the existence of
the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders
of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset
the negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the securities owned by our initial
stockholders
 holders of our private placement warrants
 holders of working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees
are registered.

    
    

Because
we are not limited to a particular industry
 sector or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business
combination
 you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business&rsquo;s operations.

Although
we expect to focus our search for a target business in the Sustainability related sectors
 we may complete a business combination
with an operating company in any industry or sector. However
 we will not
 under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
be permitted to effectuate our business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations.
To the extent we complete our business combination
 we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with
which we combine. For example
 if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of
revenues or earnings
 we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development
stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business
we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate
time to complete due diligence. Furthermore
 some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to
control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment
in our securities will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment
 if such opportunity were available
in a business combination target. Accordingly
 any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination
could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction
in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a
duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them
 or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities
laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials (as applicable) relating to the business combination contained an actionable
material misstatement or material omission.

Past
performance by Magnetar and other businesses associated with our management team may not be indicative of future performance of
an investment in the company.

Information
regarding performance by Magnetar and other businesses associated with our management team is presented for informational purposes
only. Past performance by Magnetar and our management team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business
combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination.
You should not rely on the historical record of Magnetar or other businesses associated with our management team&rsquo;s performance
as indicative of our future performance or of an investment in the company or the returns the company will
 or is likely to
 generate
going forward. None of Magnetar or our officers or directors have had experience with blank check companies or special purpose
acquisition companies in the past.

We
may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors outside of the Sustainability related sectors (which industries may
or may not be outside of our management&rsquo;s areas of expertise).

Although
we focus on identifying business combination candidates in the Sustainability related sectors
 we will consider a business combination
outside of the Sustainability related sectors if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such
candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company or we are unable to identify a suitable candidate in the
energy and Sustainability infrastructure sector after having expended a reasonable amount of time and effort in an attempt to
do so. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate
we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you
that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in our initial public offering
than a direct investment
 if an opportunity were available
 in a business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue
an acquisition outside of the Sustainability related sectors
 our management&rsquo;s expertise may not be directly applicable
to its evaluation or operation. As a result
 our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors. Accordingly
 any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our business combination could suffer
a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

    
    

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses
we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines
 and as a result
the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with
our general criteria and guidelines.

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses
 it is possible that a target
business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete
our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines
 such combination may not be
as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition
 if we announce
a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines
 a greater number of stockholders
may exercise their redemption rights
 which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business
that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition
 if stockholder approval of the transaction
is required by law
 or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons
 it may be more difficult
for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria
and guidelines.

If
we are unable to complete our initial business combination
 our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of
the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders
 and our warrants will expire worthless.

We
may seek business combination opportunities with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of
revenue or earnings
 which could subject us to volatile revenues
 cash flows or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel.

To
the extent we complete our initial business combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established
record of revenues
 cash flows
 or earnings
 we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with
which we combine. These risks include volatile revenues
 cash flows or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key
personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business
 we
may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete
due diligence. Furthermore
 some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce
the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business.

We
are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm
 and
consequently
 you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our
company from a financial point of view.

Unless
we complete our business combination with an affiliated entity
 or our board cannot independently determine the fair market value
of the target business or businesses
 we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or
from an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no
opinion is obtained
 our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors
 who will determine fair market
value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation
or tender offer materials
 as applicable
 related to our initial business combination.

    
    

We
may issue additional common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion
of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of
the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute
the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks.

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 400
000
000 shares of Class A common stock
par value $0.0001 per share
 40
000
000 shares of Class B common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
 and 1
000
000 undesignated
shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share. There are 359
750
000 and 29
937
500 authorized but unissued Class A common
stock and Class B common stock
 respectively
 available for issuance
 which amount does not take into account Class A common stock
reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of Class B common stock. Our Class
B common stock is automatically convertible into Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination
 initially
at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein. There are no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding.

We
may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination
or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A
common stock to redeem the warrants at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result
of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However
 our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides
 among other things
 that prior to our initial business combination
 we may not issue additional
shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class
with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to stockholders prior to or
in connection with the completion of an initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 24 months from the closing
of our initial public offering or (y) amend the foregoing provisions. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation
 like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 may be amended with a stockholder
vote. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock:


may
                                         significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering;


may
                                         subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights
                                         senior to those afforded our common stock;


could
                                         cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued
                                         which may affect
 among other things
 our ability to use our net operating loss carry
                                         forwards
 if any
 and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers
                                         and directors; and


may
                                         adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units
 Class A common stock and/or
                                         warrants.

Resources
could be wasted in researching business combinations that are not completed
 which could materially adversely affect subsequent
attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution
to public stockholders
 and our warrants will expire worthless.

We
anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation
 drafting and execution of relevant agreements
disclosure documents and other instruments requires substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants
attorneys
 consultants and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination
 the costs incurred up
to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore
 if we reach an agreement relating to
a specific target business
 we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those
beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely
affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination
 our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available
for distribution to public stockholders
 and our warrants will expire worthless.

    
    

We
are dependent upon our officers and directors
 and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate.

Our
operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and
 in particular
 our officers and directors. We believe
that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors
 at least until we have completed our initial
business combination. In addition
 our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs
and
 accordingly
 will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities
 including identifying
potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with
 or key-man
insurance on the life of
 any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors
or officers could have a detrimental effect on us.

Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon
the efforts of our key personnel
 some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel
could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

Our
ability to successfully effect our business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key
personnel in the target business
 however
 cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with
the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our business combination
 it is likely that some or all
of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage
after our initial business combination
 we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct.
These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC
 which could cause us to
have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.

In
addition
 the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination.
The departure of a business combination target&rsquo;s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability
of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate&rsquo;s key personnel upon the completion of our initial
business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate&rsquo;s
management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination
 it is possible
that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively
impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

Our
key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business
combination
 and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These
agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our business combination and as a result
 may cause them to
have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.

Our
key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our business combination only if they are able to
negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place
simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation
in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination.
Such negotiations also could make such key personnel&rsquo;s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal
and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However
we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our business combination will not be the
determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty
however
 that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our business combination. We cannot assure
you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether
any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination.

    
    

We
may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and
 as a result
 may affect our initial
business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills
 qualifications or abilities to manage a
public company
 which could
 in turn
 negatively impact the value of our stockholders&rsquo; investment in us.

When
evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business
 our ability to assess
the target business&rsquo;s management may be limited due to a lack of time
 resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities
of the target business&rsquo;s management
 therefore
 may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills
 qualifications
or abilities we suspected. Should the target business&rsquo;s management not possess the skills
 qualifications or abilities necessary
to manage a public company
 the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly
any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of
their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

The
officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of
a business combination target&rsquo;s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination
business.

The
role of an acquisition candidate&rsquo;s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained
at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate&rsquo;s management team will remain associated
with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination
 it is possible that members of the management of an
acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place.

Our
officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination
as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete
our initial business combination.

Our
officers and directors are not required to
 and will not
 commit their full time to our affairs
 which may result in a conflict
of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses.
We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers
is engaged in other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation
 and our officers are not obligated
to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. In particular
 all of our officers and certain of our directors
are employed by Magnetar
 which is an investment manager to numerous investment vehicles and managed accounts which may make investments
in companies that we may target for our initial business combination. Our independent directors may also serve as officers or
board members for other entities. In addition
 our initial stockholders
 sponsor
 officers and directors may sponsor
 form or
participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination.
Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. If our officers&rsquo; and directors&rsquo; other business
affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels
 it could
limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business
combination.

Certain
of our officers and directors are now
 and all of them may in the future become
 affiliated with entities engaged in business
activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and
 accordingly
 may have conflicts of interest in allocating their
time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. In addition
 we may be precluded from
opportunities because they are being pursued by Magnetar and TPP and they may outperform any business we acquire.

Until
we consummate our initial business combination
 we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more
businesses. Our sponsor and officers and directors are
 and may in the future become
 affiliated with entities
 including STPK
I
 that are engaged in a similar business.

Our
officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the
other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties.

    
    

Accordingly
they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These
conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation
to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity
offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as
a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would
otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue
 and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to
us without violating another legal obligation.

In
addition
 Magnetar manages numerous investment vehicles and separately managed accounts
 including STPK I
 which may compete with
us for acquisition opportunities and if pursued by them we may be precluded from such opportunities for our initial business combination.
Investment ideas generated within Magnetar may be suitable for both us and for Magnetar and/or current or future investment vehicles
managed by Magnetar and may be directed to them rather than to us. Such opportunities may outperform any businesses we select
for our initial business combination. Neither Magnetar nor members of our management team who are also employed by Magnetar have
any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware
 unless
 in
the case of any such member of our management team
 such opportunity satisfies the criteria described in the preceding paragraph.
Magnetar and/or our management
 in their capacities as employees of Magnetar or in their other endeavors
 may be required to present
potential business combination opportunities to other entities
 before they present such opportunities to us.

Our
officers
 directors
 security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with
our interests.

We
have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors
 officers
 security holders or affiliates from having a direct
or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which
we are a party or have an interest. In fact
 we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated
with our sponsor
 our directors or officers
 although we do not intend to do so. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits
any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly
 such persons
or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours.

In
particular
 Magnetar is focused on investments in the energy and infrastructure sector. As a result
 there may be substantial
overlap between companies that would be a suitable business combination for us and companies that would make an attractive target
for Magnetar.

We
may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated
with our sponsor
 officers
 directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest.

In
light of the involvement of our sponsor
 officers and directors with other entities
 we may decide to acquire one or more businesses
affiliated with our sponsor
 officers
 directors or existing holders. Our officers and directors also serve as officers and board
members for other entities. They may also have investments in target businesses. Such entities may compete with us for business
combination opportunities. Such entities
 including STPK I if it does not consummate its initial business combination with Stem
Inc.
 may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on
 or targeting
any transaction with any affiliated entities
 we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity
met our criteria for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested
directors. Despite our obligation to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting
firm regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic
or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor
 officers or directors
 potential conflicts of interest still may exist
and
 as a result
 the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be
absent any conflicts of interest.

    
    

Since
our sponsor
 officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our business combination is not completed (other
than with respect to public shares they may acquire during or after our initial public offering)
 a conflict of interest may arise
in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination.

In
October 2020
 our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 10
062
500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25
000
 or approximately
$0.003 per share. On January 4
 2021
 our sponsor transferred 40
000 founder shares to each of Desir&eacute;e Rogers and C. Park
Shaper
 our independent director nominees. On January 8
 2021
 the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option following
the closing of our initial public offering and purchased an additional 5
250
000 units
 at a price of $10.00 per unit; thus
 1
312
500
shares of founder shares were forfeited. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed
to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business
combination. In addition
 our sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 6
553
454 private placement warrants
 including an additional
525
000 private placement warrants that were issued in connection with the exercise of the underwriters&rsquo; overallotment option
each exercisable for one share of our Class A common stock at $11.50 per share
 for an aggregate purchase price of $13
106
909
or $2.00 per warrant
 that will also be worthless if we do not complete a business combination. The personal and financial interests
of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination
 completing
an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following our initial business combination.

We
may issue notes or other debt securities
 or otherwise incur substantial debt
 to complete a business combination
 which may adversely
affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders&rsquo; investment in us.

We
may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur
any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right
 title
 interest or claim of any kind in or to
the monies held in the trust account. As such
 no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from
the trust account. Nevertheless
 the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects
 including:


default
                                         and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination
                                         are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;


acceleration
                                         of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest
                                         payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain
                                         financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;


our
                                         immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest
 if any
 if the debt security
                                         is payable on demand;


our
                                         inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants
                                         restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding;


our
                                         inability to pay dividends on our common stock;


using
                                         a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt
 which
                                         will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared
 our ability
                                         to pay expenses
 make capital expenditures and acquisitions and fund other general corporate
                                         purposes;


limitations
                                         on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the
                                         industry in which we operate;


increased
                                         vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic
 industry and competitive conditions
                                         and adverse changes in government regulation;


limitations
                                         on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses
 capital expenditures
 acquisitions
                                         debt service requirements
 and execution of our strategy; and


other
                                         disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.

    
    

We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private
placement warrants
 which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products
or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability.

Of
the net proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants
 up to $388.4 million is available
to complete our business combination and pay related fees and expenses.

We
may effectuate our business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a
short period of time. However
 we may not be able to effectuate our business combination with more than one target business because
of various factors
 including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma
financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if
they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity
 our lack
of diversification may subject us to numerous economic
 competitive and regulatory developments. Further
 we would not be able
to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses
 unlike other entities which
may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry.
In addition
 we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. Accordingly
 the prospects
for our success may be:


solely
                                         dependent upon the performance of a single business
 property or asset; or


dependent
                                         upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products
                                         processes or services.

This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic
 competitive and regulatory developments
 any or all of which may
have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our business combination.

We
may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets
 which may hinder our ability to
complete our business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.

If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers
 we will need for each of such sellers
to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations
 which
may make it more difficult for us
 and delay our ability
 to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business
combinations
 we could also face additional risks
 including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations
and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation
of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately
address these risks
 it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.

We
may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available
 which
may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected
 if at all.

In
pursuing our business combination strategy
 we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company.
Very little public information generally exists about private companies
 and we could be required to make our decision on whether
to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information
 which may result in a business combination
with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected
 if at all.

    
    

Our
management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide
assurance that
 upon loss of control of a target business
 new management will possess the skills
 qualifications or abilities
necessary to profitably operate such business.

We
may structure a business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own
less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business
 but we will only complete such business combination if
the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns
50% or more of the voting securities of the target
 our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a
minority interest in the post business combination company
 depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business
combination transaction. For example
 we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange
for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case
 we would acquire a 100% interest in the target. However
 as
a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares
 our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own
less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition
 other minority stockholders
may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company&rsquo;s
stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly
 this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control
of the target business.

We
do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to
complete a business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree.

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold
 except that in no
event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5
000
001 or any
greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination.
As a result
 we may be able to complete our business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders
do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or
 if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination
and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules
 have entered into
privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor
 officers
 directors
 advisors or any of their affiliates.
In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly
submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination
exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us
 we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares
 all shares
of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof
 and we instead may search for an alternate
business combination.

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires the affirmative vote of a majority of our board of directors
 which
must include a majority of our independent directors and the director designees of our sponsor
 to approve our initial business
combination
 which may have the effect of delaying or preventing a business combination that our public stockholders would consider
favorable.

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires the affirmative vote of a majority of our board of directors
 which
must include a majority of our independent directors and the director designees of our sponsor
 to approve our initial business
combination. Accordingly
 it is unlikely that we will be able to enter into an initial business combination unless our sponsor&rsquo;s
members find the target and the business combination attractive. This may make it more difficult for us to approve and enter into
an initial business combination than other blank check companies and could result in us not pursuing an acquisition target or
other board or corporate action that our public stockholders would find favorable.

In
order to effectuate our initial business combination
 we may seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination but that our
stockholders may not support.

In
order to effectuate a business combination
 blank check companies have
 in the recent past
 amended various provisions of their
charters and modified governing instruments
 including their warrant agreements.

For
example
 blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination
 increased redemption thresholds and extended
the time to consummate an initial business combination and
 with respect to their warrants
 amended their warrant agreements to
require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our
charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial
business combination.

    
    

The
provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and
corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval
of holders of 65% of our common stock
 which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It
may be easier for us
 therefore
 to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement to facilitate
the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support.

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity
(including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust
account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances
 and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders
as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon
 and corresponding
provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders
of 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon
 subject to applicable provisions
of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. Our initial stockholders
 who collectively beneficially own up to 20% of our common
stock
 will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and
will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result
 we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank
check companies
 and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders
may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.

Our
sponsor
 executive officers and directors have agreed
 pursuant to a written agreement with us
 that they will not propose any
amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to provide holders of our Class A common stock the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business
combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from
the closing of our initial public offering or with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class
A common stock unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon
approval of any such amendment at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account
 including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes
including franchise and income taxes
 divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares. These agreements are contained
in a letter agreement that we have entered into with our sponsor
 officers and directors. Our stockholders are not parties to
or third-party beneficiaries of
 these agreements and
 as a result
 will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor
officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result
 in the event of a breach
 our stockholders would need to
pursue a stockholder derivative action
 subject to applicable law.

Certain
agreements related to our initial public offering may be amended without stockholder approval.

Each
of the agreements related to our initial public offering to which we are a party
 other than the warrant agreement and the investment
management trust agreement
 may be amended without stockholder approval. Such agreements are: the underwriting agreement; the
letter agreement among us and our initial stockholders
 sponsor
 officers and directors; the registration and stockholder rights
agreement among us and our initial stockholders; the private placement warrants purchase agreement between us and our sponsor;
and the administrative services agreement among us
 our sponsor and an affiliate of our sponsor. These agreements contain various
provisions that our public stockholders might deem to be material. For example
 our letter agreement and the underwriting agreement
contain certain lock-up provisions with respect to the founder shares
 private placement warrants and other securities held by
our initial stockholders
 sponsor
 officers and directors. Amendments to such agreements would require the consent of the applicable
parties thereto and would need to be approved by our board of directors
 which may do so for a variety of reasons
 including to
facilitate our initial business combination. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to any of
these agreements prior to our initial business combination
 it may be possible that our board of directors
 in exercising its
business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties
 chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement. Any amendment
entered into in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation
or tender offer materials
 as applicable
 related to such initial business combination
 and any other material amendment to any
of our material agreements will be disclosed in a filing with the SEC. Any such amendments would not require approval from our
stockholders
 may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible
 and
may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. For example
 amendments to the lock-up provision discussed
above may result in our initial stockholders selling their securities earlier than they would otherwise be permitted
 which may
have an adverse effect on the price of our securities.

    
    

We
may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth
of a target business
 which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination
 our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account
that are available for distribution to public stockholders
 and our warrants will expire worthless.

Although
we believe that the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient
to allow us to complete our initial business combination
 because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we
cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and
the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient
 either because of the size of our initial business combination
the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business
 the obligation to repurchase for cash a significant
number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated
transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination
 we may be required to seek additional financing
or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms
if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination
we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative
target business candidate. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
 our public stockholders may only receive
their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders
 and our warrants
will expire worthless. In addition
 even if we do not need additional financing to complete our business combination
 we may require
such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have
a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers
 directors or stockholders
is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our business combination.

Our
initial stockholders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote
 potentially in a manner that you
do not support.

Our
initial stockholders own shares representing 20% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly
 they may exert
a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote
 potentially in a manner that you do not support
 including amendments
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial stockholders
purchase any additional shares of common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions
 this would increase
their control. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current
trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition
 our board of directors
 whose members were elected by our initial stockholders
is and will be divided into three classes
 each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of
directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion
of our business combination
 in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion
of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting
 as a consequence of our &ldquo;staggered&rdquo; board of directors
only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and prior to the completion of our initial business
combination
 only our initial stockholders will be able to appoint or remove directors. In addition
 prior to the completion of
an initial business combination
 holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for
any reason. In addition
 as long as our sponsor is controlled by our founders
 we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement
regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. Accordingly
 our initial stockholders will
continue to exert control at least until the completion of our business combination.

    
    

We
may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least 65%
of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result
 the exercise price of your warrants could be increased
 the exercise period
could be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased
all without your approval.

Our
warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company
 as warrant
agent
 and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for
the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake
 including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the
description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in our final prospectus dated January 5
 2021 filed
with the SEC in connection with our initial public offering
 or defective provision
 (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash
dividends on shares of common stock as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any
provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem
necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants
provided that the approval by the holders of at least 65% of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change
that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly
 we may amend the terms of the public
warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65% of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such
amendment and
 solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant
agreement with respect to the private placement warrants
 65% of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants.
Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 65% of the then outstanding public
warrants is unlimited
 examples of such amendments could be amendments to
 among other things
 increase the exercise price of the
warrants
 shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a
warrant.

Our
warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our
warrants
 which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company.

Our
warrant agreement provides that
 subject to applicable law
 (i) any action
 proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating
in any way to the warrant agreement
 including under the Securities Act
 will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State
of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
 and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to
such jurisdiction
 which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action
 proceeding or claim. We will waive any
objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing
 these provisions of the warrant agreement do not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created
by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and
exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to
have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement.

If
any action
 the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions of the warrant agreement
 is filed in a court
other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a &ldquo;foreign
action&rdquo;) in the name of any holder of our warrants
 such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce
the forum provisions (an &ldquo;enforcement action&rdquo;)
 and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in
any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder&rsquo;s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant
holder.

This
choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder&rsquo;s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable
for disputes with our company
 which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively
 if a court were to find this provision of our
warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings
we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions
 which could materially and adversely
affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our
management and board of directors.

    
    

We
may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you
 thereby making your warrants
worthless.

We
have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration
 at a
price of $0.01 per warrant
 provided that the last reported sales price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per
share for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give
proper notice of such redemption and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by
us
 we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under
all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and
pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so
 (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current
market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which
 at the
time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption
 is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants.

In
addition
 we may redeem your warrants after they become exercisable for $0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days&rsquo; prior
written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of
Class A common stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A common stock. The value
received upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their
warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the
warrants
 including because the number of shares of common stock received is capped at 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per
warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants.

Our
warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult
to effectuate our business combination.

We
issued warrants to purchase 10
062
500 shares of Class A common stock as part of the units offered in our initial public offering.
which included a full exercise of the underwriters&rsquo; overallotment option
 and simultaneously with the closing of our initial public
offering
 we issued in a private placement warrants to purchase 6
553
454 shares of Class A common stock at $11.50 per share.
Prior to our initial public offering
 our sponsor purchased 10
062
500 founder shares in a private placement. The founder shares
are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis
 subject to adjustment for share splits
 share dividends
reorganizations
 recapitalizations and the like and subject to further adjustment as set forth herein. In addition
 if our sponsor
or affiliates
 directors or officers make any working capital loans
 up to $1
500
000 of such loans may be converted into warrants
at the price of $2.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. To the extent we issue shares of Class A common stock to effectuate
a business combination
 the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon
exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any
such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock and reduce the value of the shares
of Class A common stock issued to complete the business combination. Therefore
 our warrants and founder shares may make it more
difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business.

The
private placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering except that
so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees
 (i) they will not be redeemable by us
 except as otherwise
set forth herein
 (ii) they (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not
 subject to
certain limited exceptions
 be transferred
 assigned or sold by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial
business combination and (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis.

    
    

Because
each unit contains one-fourth of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised
 the units may be worth less than units
of other blank check companies.

Each
unit contains one-fourth of one warrant. Because
 pursuant to the warrant agreement
 the warrants may only be exercised for a
whole number of shares
 only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time. This is different from other offerings similar
to ours whose units include one share of common stock and one whole warrant to purchase one share. We have established the components
of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since
the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-fourth of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a
warrant to purchase one whole share
 thus making us
 we believe
 a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless
this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if they included a warrant to purchase one whole share.

A
provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to complete an initial business combination.

If
(i) we issue additional common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of
our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price (as defined in the warrant agreement between CST
 as warrant agent
 and
the company) of less than $9.20 per common stock
 (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60%
of the total equity proceeds
 and interest thereon
 available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date
of the completion of our initial business combination (net of redemptions)
 and (iii) the Market Value is below $9.20 per share
then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued
Price
 and the $10.00 and $18.00 per share redemption trigger prices will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 100%
and 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price
 respectively. This may make it more difficult for us to
complete an initial business combination with a target business.

The
requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and divert management&rsquo;s attention.

As
a public company
 we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act
 the Sarbanes Oxley Act
 the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
 the listing requirements of NYSE and other applicable securities rules and regulations.
Compliance with these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs
 make some activities more difficult
time-consuming or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources
 particularly after we are no longer an &ldquo;emerging
growth company.&rdquo; The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires
 among other things
 that we maintain effective disclosure controls and
procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and
 if required
 improve our disclosure controls
and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard
 significant resources and management oversight
may be required. As a result
 management&rsquo;s attention may be diverted from other business concerns
 which could adversely
affect our business and operating results. We may need to hire more employees in the future or engage outside consultants to comply
with these requirements
 which will increase our costs and expenses.

Because
we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements
 we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous
initial business combination with some prospective target businesses.

The
federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination include historical and pro
forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer
documents
 whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared
in accordance with
 or be reconciled to
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 or U.S. GAAP
or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
 or IFRS
 depending on
the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool
of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time
for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame.

    
    

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act
 and if we take advantage
of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies
 this
could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public
companies.

We
are an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; within the meaning of the Securities Act
 as modified by the JOBS Act
 and we may
take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are
not emerging growth companies including
 but not limited to
 not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our
periodic reports and proxy statements
 and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive
compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result
 our stockholders
may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years
although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier
 including if the market value of our Class A common stock held
by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of any June 30 before that time
 in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth
company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because
we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions
the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be
 there may be a less active trading market for
our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile.

Further
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies (that is
 those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared
effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised
financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and
comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We
have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period
 which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has
different application dates for public or private companies
 we
 as an emerging growth company
 can adopt the new or revised standard
at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another
public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended
transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Additionally
we are a &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may
take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations
 including
 among other things
 providing only two years of audited financial
statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market
value of our shares of Class A common stock held by non-affiliates did not exceed $250 million as of the prior June 30
 or (2)
our annual revenues did not exceed $100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our shares of Class
A common stock held by non-affiliates did not exceed $700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of
such reduced disclosure obligations
 it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult
or impossible.

Compliance
obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination
 require
substantial financial and management resources
 and increase the time and costs of completing our initial business combination.

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting
beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31
 2021. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large
accelerated filer or an accelerated filer
 will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm
attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance
with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a
target company with which we seek to complete our business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control over financial reporting of any such
entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.

    
    

Provisions
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us
 which could limit the
price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A common stock and could entrench management.

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that
stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability
of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock
 which may make the removal of management
more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices
for our securities.

We
are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law
 which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these
provisions may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment
of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive
forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders
 which could limit our stockholders&rsquo;
ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company or our company&rsquo;s directors
 officers or other
employees.

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
 unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum
 the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall
 to the fullest extent permitted by law
 be the sole and exclusive
forum for any (1) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company
 (2) action asserting a claim of breach of
a fiduciary duty owed by any director
 officer
 employee or agent of our company to our company or our stockholders
 or any claim
for aiding and abetting any such alleged breach
 (3) action asserting a claim against our company or any director
 or officer
or employee of our company arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
or our bylaws
 or (4) action asserting a claim against us or any director
 or officer or employee of our company governed by the
internal affairs doctrine except for
 as to each of (1) through (4) above
 any claim (a) as to which the Court of Chancery determines
that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does
not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination)
 (b) which is
vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery
 or (c) arising under the federal securities
laws
 including the Securities Act
 as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware
shall concurrently be the sole and exclusive forums. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the provisions of this paragraph will not
apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district
courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring
any interest in any shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum
provisions is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a &ldquo;foreign action&rdquo;) in the
name of any stockholder
 such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and
federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum
provisions (an &ldquo;enforcement action&rdquo;); and (y) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such enforcement
action by service upon such stockholder&rsquo;s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such stockholder.

This
choice-of-forum provision may limit a stockholder&rsquo;s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable
for disputes with our company or its directors
 officers or other employees
 which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively
if a court were to find this provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation inapplicable or unenforceable
with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings
 we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
such matters in other jurisdictions
 which could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results
of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.

    
    

If
we pursue a target business with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination
we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating
 agreeing to and completing such initial business combination
and if we effect such initial business combination
 we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact
our operations.

If
we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination
we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations
 including in connection with investigating
 agreeing
to and completing our initial business combination
 conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction
 having such transaction
approved by any local governments
 regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange
rates.

If
we effect our initial business combination with such a company
 we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated
with companies operating in an international setting
 including any of the following:


higher
                                         costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying
                                         with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets;


rules
                                         and regulations regarding currency redemption;


complex
                                         corporate withholding taxes on individuals;


laws
                                         governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected;


exchange
                                         listing and/or delisting requirements;


tariffs
                                         and trade barriers;


regulations
                                         related to customs and import/export matters;


local
                                         or regional economic policies and market conditions;


unexpected
                                         changes in regulatory requirements;


longer
                                         payment cycles;


tax
                                         issues
 such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United
                                         States;


currency
                                         fluctuations and exchange controls;


rates
                                         of inflation;


challenges
                                         in collecting accounts receivable;


cultural
                                         and language differences;


employment
                                         regulations;


underdeveloped
                                         or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems;





protection
                                         of intellectual property;


social
                                         unrest
 crime
 strikes
 riots and civil disturbances;


regime
                                         changes and political upheaval;


terrorist
                                         attacks and wars; and


deterioration
                                         of political relations with the United States.

We
may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so
 we may be unable to complete such initial
business combination
 or
 if we complete such combination
 our operations might suffer
 either of which may adversely impact our
business
 financial condition and results of operations.

    
    

Cyber
incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft
 data corruption
 operational disruption and/or financial
loss.

We
depend on digital technologies
 including information systems
 infrastructure and cloud applications and services
 including those
of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on
 or security breaches in
 our systems or infrastructure
or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud
 could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets
 proprietary
information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection
we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against
or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to
 cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences
 or a combination
of them
 could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss.

Since
only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors
 upon the listing of our shares on
the NYSE
 the NYSE may consider us to be a &ldquo;controlled company&rdquo; within the meaning of the NYSE rules and
 as a result
we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements.

After
completion of our initial public offering
 only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors.
As a result
 the NYSE may consider us to be a &ldquo;controlled company&rdquo; within the meaning of the NYSE corporate governance
standards. Under the NYSE corporate governance standards
 a company of which more than 50% of the voting power is held by an individual
group or another company is a &ldquo;controlled company&rdquo; and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements
including the requirements that:


we
                                         have a board that includes a majority of &ldquo;independent directors
&rdquo; as defined
                                         under the rules of the NYSE;


we
                                         have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent
                                         directors with a written charter addressing the committee&rsquo;s purpose and responsibilities;
                                         and


we
                                         have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely
                                         of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee&rsquo;s purpose
                                         and responsibilities.

We
do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE
 subject
to applicable phase-in rules. However
 if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions
 you will not
have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the NYSE corporate governance requirements.


Item
Unresolved
                                         Staff Comments




Item
                                         2.

Our
executive offices are located at 1603 Orrington Avenue
 13th Floor
 Evanston
 Illinois 60201
 and our telephone number is (847)
905-4500. The cost for our use of this space is included in the $10
000 per month fee we will pay to an affiliate of our sponsor
for office space
 utilities
 secretarial support and administrative services. We consider our current office space adequate for
our current operations.


Item
Legal
                                         Proceedings

To
the knowledge of our management
 there is no material litigation currently pending or contemplated against us
 any of our officers
or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property.

    
    


Item
Mine
                                         Safety Disclosures

Not
applicable.

    
    

PART
II


Item
Market
                                         for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases
                                         of Equity Securities


Market
Information


Our
units
 shares of Class A common stock and warrants are each traded on the NYSE under the symbol &ldquo;STPC.U&rdquo;
 &ldquo;STPC&rdquo;
and &ldquo;STPC WS&rdquo; respectively. Our units commenced public trading on January 6
 2021. Our shares of Class A common stock
and warrants began separate trading on February 26
 2021.





On
March 22
 2021
 there was 1 holder of record for our units
 1 holder of record for our shares of Class A common stock
 3 holders
of our shares of Class B common stock and 3 holders of our warrants.





We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of
an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings
if any
 capital requirements and general financial conditions subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The
payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors
at such time. In addition
 our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends
in the foreseeable future. Further
 if we incur any indebtedness
 our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive
covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.


Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans





Performance
Graph


Not
applicable.


Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings


Unregistered
Sales and Use of Proceeds

In
October&nbsp;2020
 our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 10
062
500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25
000
or approximately $0.003 per share. Prior to the initial investment in the company of $25
000 by our sponsor
 the company had no
assets
 tangible or intangible. On January 4
 2021
 our sponsor transferred 40
000 founder shares to each of Desir&eacute;e Rogers
and C. Park Shaper
 our independent director nominees.

On
January 8
 2021
 we completed our initial public offering of 40
250
000 units generating gross proceeds of $402
500
000. On January
8
 2021
 the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional 5
250
000&nbsp;units
 at a price
of $10.00 per unit
 generating gross proceeds of $52
500
000; thus
 1
312
500 shares of founder shares were forfeited. Each unit
consists of one (1) share of Class A common stock
 par value $0.0001
 and one-fourth (1/4) of one (1) redeemable warrant. Each
whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one (1) share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share
 subject
to certain adjustments.

Concurrently
with the completion of our initial public offering
 our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 6
553
454 private placement warrants
including an additional 525
000 private placement warrants that were issued in connection with the exercise of the underwriters&rsquo;
overallotment option
 at a price of $2.00 per warrant
 or $13
106
909 in the aggregate. The purchase price of the private placement
warrants was added to the net proceeds of our initial public offering and placed in the trust account such that the trust account
held $402.5 million at the time of closing of our initial public offering. Each whole private placement warrant entitles the holder
thereof to purchase one (1) share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share
 subject to certain adjustments.

    
    


Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers





Item
Selected
                                         Financial Data

Not
applicable.


Item
Management&rsquo;s
                                         Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

References
to the &ldquo;Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; &ldquo;us&rdquo; or &ldquo;we&rdquo; refer to Star Peak Corp II. The following
discussion and analysis of the Company&rsquo;s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with
Item 1. Business
 Item 1A. Risk Factors
 and Item 15. Financial Statements and the accompanying notes and other data
 all of which
appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections
about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and assumptions about
us that may cause our actual results
 levels of activity
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future
results
 levels of activity
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases
you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo;
 &ldquo;would
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo;
 &ldquo;continue
&rdquo; or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to
such a discrepancy include
 but are not limited to
 those described in our other SEC filings.



We
are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation on October&nbsp;8
 2020
 and formed for the purpose of effecting
a merger
 capital stock exchange
 asset acquisition
 stock purchase
 reorganization or similar business combination with one or
more target businesses. We have not selected any business combination target and we have not
 nor has anyone on our behalf
 initiated
any substantive discussions directly or indirectly
 with respect to identifying any business combination target. We intend to
complete our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of this offering and the private placements of the private
placement warrants
 our capital stock
 debt or a combination of cash
 stock and debt.

The
issuance of additional shares of our stock in a business combination:


may
significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering
 which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions
in the Class B common stock resulted in the issuance of Class A shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the
Class B common stock;



may
subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common
stock;



could
cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued
 which may affect
 among other things
our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards
 if any
 and could result in the resignation or removal of our present
officers and directors;


    
    


may
have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person
seeking to obtain control of us; and



may
adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A common stock and/or warrants.


Similarly
if we issue debt securities or otherwise incur significant debt to bank or other lenders or owners of a target
 it could result
in:


default
and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt
obligations;



acceleration
of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain
covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;



our
immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest
 if any
 if the debt security is payable on demand;



our
inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such
financing while the debt security is outstanding;



our
inability to pay dividends on our common stock;



using
a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt
 which will reduce the funds available for dividends
on our common stock if declared
 our ability to pay expenses
 make capital expenditures and acquisitions
 and fund other general
corporate purposes;



limitations
on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;



increased
vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic
 industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;



limitations
on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses
 capital expenditures
 acquisitions
 debt service requirements
 and execution
of our strategy; and



other
purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.


Our
sponsor is Star Peak Sponsor II LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (the &ldquo;Sponsor&rdquo;). The registration statement
for our Initial Public Offering was declared effective on January 5
 2021. On January 8
 2021
 we consummated the&nbsp;Initial
Public Offering of 40
250
000 units (the &ldquo;Units&rdquo; and
 with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units
being offered
 the &ldquo;Public Shares&rdquo;)
 including 5
250
000 additional Units to cover over-allotments (the &ldquo;Over-Allotment
Units&rdquo;)
 at $10.00 per Unit
 generating gross proceeds of $402.5 million
 and incurring offering costs of approximately
$22.9 million
 inclusive of approximately $14.1 million in deferred underwriting commissions.

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering
 we consummated the private placement (&ldquo;Private Placement&rdquo;) of 6
553
454
warrants (each
 a &ldquo;Private Placement Warrant&rdquo; and collectively
 the &ldquo;Private Placement Warrants&rdquo;) at a
price of $2.00 per Private Placement Warrant to our Sponsor
 generating proceeds of approximately $13.1 million.

Upon
the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement
 $402.5 million ($10.00 per Unit)&nbsp;of the net proceeds
of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement was held in a&nbsp;trust account (&ldquo;Trust
Account&rdquo;) located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company acting as trustee
 and invested
only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries
and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940
 as amended (the &ldquo;Investment Company
Act&rdquo;)
 as determined by us
 until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii)&nbsp;the distribution
of the Trust Account as described below.

    
    

If
we are unable to complete a business combination within 24&nbsp;months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering
 or January
8
 2023 (the &ldquo;Combination Period&rdquo;)
 we will (i)&nbsp;cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii)&nbsp;as
promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem the Public Shares
 at a per-share price
payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including interest earned on the funds held
in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes
 including franchise and income taxes (less up to $100
000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable)
 divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares
 which
redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders&rsquo; rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further
liquidating distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii)&nbsp;as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption
 subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the board of directors
 dissolve and liquidate
 subject
in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

As
of December 31
 2020
 we had approximately $45
000 in cash
 and working capital deficit of approximately $429
000&nbsp;(not taking
into account tax obligations of approximately $2
000 that may be paid using investment income earned in Trust Account).

Our
liquidity needs to date have been satisfied through the payment of $25
000 from our Sponsor to cover certain offering costs on
our behalf in exchange for issuance of founder shares
 and loan proceeds from our Sponsor of $150
000 under a promissory note
(the &ldquo;Note&rdquo;).&nbsp;We repaid the Note in full on January 8
 2021. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public
Offering
 our liquidity needs have been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering
and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account.

Based
on the foregoing
 management believes that we will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet our needs through
the earlier of the consummation of a business combination or one year from this filing. Over this time period
 we will be using
the funds held outside of the Trust Account for paying existing accounts payable
 identifying and evaluating prospective initial
business combination candidates
 performing due diligence on prospective target businesses
 paying for travel expenditures
 selecting
the target business to merge with or acquire
 and structuring
 negotiating and consummating the business combination.

Results
of Operations

Our
entire activity from inception through December 31
 2020 related to our formation
 the preparation for the Initial Public Offering
and since the closing of the Initial Public Offering
&nbsp;the search for a prospective initial business combination. We have
neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. We will not generate any operating revenues until after
completion of our initial business combination. We will generate&nbsp;non-operating&nbsp;income in the form of interest income
on cash and cash equivalents.&nbsp;We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal
 financial
reporting
 accounting and auditing compliance)
 as well as for due diligence expenses.

For
the period from October&nbsp;8
 2020 (inception) through December 31
 2020
 we had a loss of approximately $6
000
 which consisted
of general and administrative expenses of approximately $4
000 and franchise tax expense of approximately $2
000.

RELATED
PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Founder
Shares

On
October 23
 2020
 our Sponsor paid $25
000 on our behalf to cover certain offering costs in exchange for issuance of 10
062
500
shares of our Class&nbsp;B common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share (the &ldquo;Founder Shares&rdquo;). On January 4
 2021
 our Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 80
000 Founder Shares to the our independent directors. The Sponsor and independent
directors are referred to as the &ldquo;Initial Stockholders.&rdquo;

    
    

The
Initial Stockholders agreed to forfeit up to 1
312
500 Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised
in full by the underwriters
 so that the Founder Shares would represent 20.0% of our issued and outstanding shares after the Initial
Public Offering. The underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full on January 8
 2021; thus
 these&nbsp;1
312
500 Founder
Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture.

The
Initial Stockholders agreed
 subject to limited exceptions
 not to transfer
 assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the
earlier to occur of: (A)&nbsp;one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination; or (B)&nbsp;subsequent to the
initial Business Combination
 (x)&nbsp;if the closing price of the Class&nbsp;A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share
(as adjusted for stock splits
 stock dividends
 reorganizations
 recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within
any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150&nbsp;days after the initial Business Combination
 or (y)&nbsp;the date on which
we complete a liquidation
 merger
 capital stock exchange
 reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of
the stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash
 securities or other property.

Private
Placement Warrants

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering
 we consummated the Private Placement of 6
553
454 Private Placement Warrants
at a price of $2.00 per Private Placement Warrant to our Sponsor
 generating proceeds of approximately $13.1 million.

Each
whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one whole share of Class&nbsp;A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share.
A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants to our Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the Initial
Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If we do not complete a business combination within the Combination Period
 the Private
Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable for cash and exercisable on a
cashless basis so long as they are held by our Sponsor or our permitted transferees.

Our
Sponsor and our officers and directors agreed
 subject to limited exceptions
 not to transfer
 assign or sell any of their Private
Placement Warrants until 30&nbsp;days after the completion of the initial business combination.

Related
Party Loans

On
October&nbsp;23
 2020
 our Sponsor agreed to loan us an aggregate of up to $300
000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public
Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the &ldquo;Note&rdquo;). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable upon the completion
of the Initial Public Offering. We borrowed $150
000 under the Note and repaid the Note in full on January 8
 2021.

In
addition
 in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination
 our Sponsor or an affiliate of our
Sponsor
 or certain of our officers and directors may
 but are not obligated to
 loan us funds as may be required (&ldquo;Working
Capital Loans&rdquo;). If we complete a business combination
 we would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of
the Trust Account released to us. Otherwise
 the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust
Account. In the event that a business combination does not close
 we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account
to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans.
Except for the foregoing
 the terms of such Working Capital Loans
 if any
 have not been determined and no written agreements
exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a business combination
or
 at the lenders&rsquo; discretion
 up to $1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the
post business combination entity at a price of $2.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.
As of December 31
 2020
 the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans.

    
    

Administrative
Services Agreement

We
entered into an agreement that provided that
 commencing on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering through the earlier
of consummation of the initial business combination and our liquidation
 we agreed to pay our Sponsor a total of $10
000 per month
for office space
 utilities
 secretarial support and administrative services.

Our
officers or directors will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such
as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee
will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor
 officers or directors
 or our affiliates. Any such
payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the Trust Account.

Contractual
Obligations

Registration
Rights

The
holders of Founder Shares
 Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans
if any
 (and any shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants
that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans) were entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights
agreement signed upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up
to three demands
 excluding short form demands
 that we register such securities. In addition
 the holders have certain &ldquo;piggy-back&rdquo;
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial business combination.
We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Underwriting
Agreement

We
granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 5
250
000 additional Units
to cover over-allotments
 if any
 at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters
exercised the over-allotment option in full on January 8
 2021.

The
underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of $0.20 per Unit
 or approximately $8.1&nbsp;million in the aggregate
paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition
 the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of $0.35 per
Unit
 or approximately $14.1&nbsp;million in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the
amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a business combination
 subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement.

Risks
and Uncertainties

Management
continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible
that the virus could have a negative effect on our financial position
 results of our operations and/or search for a target company
the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the financial statements. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

Our
management does not believe that any recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards if currently adopted would have
a material effect on the accompanying financial statements.



As
of December 31
 2020
 we did&nbsp;not&nbsp;have&nbsp;any&nbsp;off-balance&nbsp;sheet&nbsp;arrangements&nbsp;as&nbsp;defined in
Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of&nbsp;Regulation&nbsp;S-K.

    
    

JOBS
Act

On
April 5
 2012
 the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that
 among other things
 relax certain reporting
requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; under the JOBS Act and are
allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded)
companies. We elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards
 and as a result
 we may not comply with new
or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth
companies. As a result
 our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting
pronouncements as of public company effective dates.

As
an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo;
 we are not required to
 among other things
 (i) provide an auditor&rsquo;s attestation
report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404
 (ii) provide all of the compensation
disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act
 (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement
to the auditor&rsquo;s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion
and analysis)
 and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation
and performance and comparisons of the CEO&rsquo;s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for
a period of five years following the completion of our initial public offering or until we are no longer an &ldquo;emerging growth
company
&rdquo; whichever is earlier.&nbsp;


Item
Quantitative
                                         and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise
required under this item.


CONSOLIDATED



This
information appears following Item 16 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.


Item
Changes
                                         in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure




Item
Controls
                                         and Procedures

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed under the Exchange Act
 such as this Report
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time period specified
in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer
 as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated
 with the participation of our principal executive
officer and principal financial and accounting officer (our &ldquo;Certifying Officers&rdquo;)
 the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of December 31
 2020
 pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation
our Certifying Officers concluded that
 as of December 31
 2020
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.

    
    

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls
and procedures
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives
of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further
 the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the
fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent
limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures
 no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute
assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud
 if any. The design of disclosure controls
and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.

Management&rsquo;s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management&rsquo;s assessment regarding internal control over financial
reporting or an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established
by rules of the SEC for newly public companies.

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of
the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially
affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

    
    

PART
III


Item
Directors
                                         Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Directors
and Executive Officers

As
of the date of this Report
 our directors and officers are as follows:



    
    

    

Michael
    C. Morgan 
    
    

Eric
    Scheyer 
    
Chief
    Executive Officer and Director

Craig
    Rohr
    
    

Michael
    D. Wilds 
    
Chief
    Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer

Adam
    E. Daley 
    
    

Alec
    Litowitz 
    
    

Desir&eacute;e
    Rogers
    
    

C.
    Park Shaper 
    
    


Michael
C. Morgan
 Mr. Morgan co-founded Triangle Peak
Partners
 LP
 a multi-strategy asset management firm focused on venture capital and growth equity
 and he currently serves as
its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Since 2004
 Mr. Morgan has also served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Portcullis
Partners
 LP
 a private investment partnership and one of Triangle Peak Partners&rsquo; largest limited partners. Mr. Morgan currently
serves as the lead director of Kinder Morgan
 Inc. (NYSE: KMI)
 one of the largest energy infrastructure companies in North America.
Mr. Morgan joined Kinder Morgan at its founding in 1997 and headed Kinder Morgan&rsquo;s corporate development efforts until 2001
completing 23 acquisitions worth over $5 billion. He then served as President of KMI until 2004. Mr. Morgan is also the Chairman
of the Board and a director of STPK I. Mr. Morgan has also served on the board of Sunnova Energy International
 Inc. (NYSE: NOVA)
a leading residential solar and energy storage company
 since July of 2019. Mr. Morgan first joined the board of NOVA&rsquo;s
predecessor (Sunnova Energy Corporation) in October 2015
 served as Lead Director until March of 2016 and remained on that board
until NOVA&rsquo;s initial public offering in July of 2019. Mr. Morgan previously served on the boards of directors of two public
energy funds affiliated with Kayne Anderson (NYSE: KYN and KYE) and on the boards of directors of Bunchball
 Lytx
 and SCIenergy.
Mr. Morgan is a frequent volunteer at Stanford University
 currently serving as the national chair of The Stanford Fund
 as co-chair
of the Precourt Energy Institute Advisory Council
 and on several other advisory committees. Mr. Morgan previously served as an
Adjunct Professor in the Practice of Management at the Jones Graduate School of Business at Rice University in Houston. Mr. Morgan
received an MBA from Harvard Business School and BA in Economics and an MA in Sociology from Stanford University.

Eric
Scheyer
the IPO. Mr. Scheyer is a Partner at Magnetar and has served as the Head of the MTP Group since inception. Mr. Scheyer is a member
of Magnetar&rsquo;s management committee and investment committee
 and Chairman of the MTP Group&rsquo;s investment committee.
Mr. Scheyer is also the Chief Executive Officer and a director of STPK I. Mr. Scheyer has long-standing relationships and significant
experience investing in the energy
 energy infrastructure and renewables sectors. Mr. Scheyer serves on the board of Directors
of Great Elm Capital Group
 Inc. (NASD: GEC)
 Vesper Energy Development LLC and Lightstar Renewables LLC (Magnetar portfolio companies
operating in the utility scale solar and distributed solar space). Mr. Scheyer previously served on the board of managers of the
general partner of Lightfoot Capital Partners
 LP and the board of directors of Arc Logistics Partners LP. (NYSE: ARCX) Previously
Mr. Scheyer was a principal of Decorel Incorporated
 where he served as President of Decorel S.A. de C.V. and Executive Vice President
of Decorel Inc. until the sale of the company to Newell Rubbermaid. Mr. Scheyer received a BA from Trinity College.

Craig
Rohr
 our President
 has significant experience investing in sustainability and environmentally friendly businesses. Mr. Rohr
joined Magnetar in 2009 and is a Managing Director in Magnetar&rsquo;s Energy &amp; Infrastructure Group. Prior to joining Magnetar
Mr. Rohr worked at First Reserve Corporation
 a global control private equity and infrastructure investment firm. Based in London
England
 Craig focused on First Reserve&rsquo;s portfolio company investments across North America
 South America &amp; Europe.
Before joining First Reserve
 Mr. Rohr worked at Citigroup in the firm&rsquo;s Global Energy Investment Banking Group in New York.
Mr. Rohr currently serves on the boards of directors of Vesper Energy Development LLC and Lightstar Renewables LLC (Magnetar portfolio
companies operating in the utility scale solar and distributed solar space). Mr. Rohr earned a B.S. in Finance &amp; Business
Economics from the University of Notre Dame
 where he graduated magna cum laude.

    
    

Michael
D. Wilds
the IPO. Mr. Wilds joined Magnetar in 2006
 and is Chief Operating Officer of the MTP Group. Mr. Wilds is also the Chief Financial
Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of STPK I. Prior to joining Magnetar
 Mr. Wilds served as the Chief Executive Officer of
the affiliated companies of The Kansas Farm Bureau. Mr. Wilds also spent 20 years with Koch Industries
 Inc. where he served in
various senior roles
 both domestic and international
 including as Chief Financial Officer of Koch Industries International.
Mr. Wilds earned a BS in Business Administration from Kansas State University.

Adam
E. Daley
Mr. Daley is a Partner at Magnetar
 Co-Head of the MTP Group and a member of Magnetar&rsquo;s management committee and investment
committee. Since joining Magnetar at its inception in 2005
 Mr. Daley has been focused primarily on the sourcing
 execution and
management of various investments in the energy
 energy infrastructure and renewables sectors. Mr. Daley is also a director of
STPK I. Prior to joining Magnetar
 Mr. Daley was an investment banker at Citigroup&rsquo;s Global Corporate and Investment Bank
where he was responsible for executing a variety of corporate finance transactions. Mr. Daley also currently serves on the boards
of directors of Double Eagle Energy III
 LLC
 Vesper Energy Development LLC (a Magnetar portfolio company operating in the utility
scale solar space) and DoublePoint Energy
 LLC. Mr. Daley earned a BS in Finance with High Honors from the University of Illinois.

Alec
Litowitz
Mr. Litowitz is the Founder
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Management Committee and co-head of the Investment Committee
of Magnetar. Mr. Litowitz is also a director of STPK I. Prior to founding Magnetar in 2005
 Mr. Litowitz was a Principal at Citadel
Investment Group and served as Global Head of Equities and a member of the Management and Investment Committees. Mr. Litowitz
created and continues to be extensively involved with the Magnetar Capital UChicago Financial Education Initiative
 an innovative
high school-based financial education initiative
 which has helped more than 22
000 students increase their financial literacy.
Mr. Litowitz graduated from MIT with a BS in mathematics and anthropology and received a JD and MBA from the University of Chicago.

Desir&eacute;e
Rogers
Rogers has been serving as the Chief Executive Officer and Co-Owner of Black Opal Beauty
 LLC
 a masstige makeup and skincare
company for women of color sold in Walmart
 CVS and Rite Aid as well as internationally since 2019. From 2013 to 2019
 she served
as the Chairman of Choose Chicago
 the tourism agency for the city of Chicago with $1 billion in revenue and over 57 million visitors
annually. Ms. Rogers was the first White House Social Secretary and Special Assistant to President Obama. Prior to this post
Ms. Rogers served as the President of Peoples Gas and North Shore Gas. Ms. Rogers is currently a member of the board of directors
of Inspired Entertainment (INSE) and MDC Partners (MDC) as well as chairs the compensation committee of MDC. Ms. Rogers is also
a director of STPK I. Ms.&nbsp;Rogers also serves on the board of non-for-profit
 DonorsChoose
 a group funding platform that
grants over $120 million to public school teachers each year. She received a BA in Political Science from Wellesley College and
an MBA from Harvard Business School.

C.
Park Shaper
Mr. Shaper served in various management roles for the Kinder Morgan companies from 2000 until March 2013
 when he retired as President
of Kinder Morgan
 Inc. (NYSE: KMI)
 Kinder Morgan Energy Partners
 L.P.
 Kinder Morgan Management
 LLC and as director and President
of the general partner of El Paso Pipeline Partners
 L.P. Mr. Shaper is also a director of STPK I. Since 2007
 Mr. Shaper has
served on the board of directors of Kinder Morgan
 Inc.
 and he previously served on the boards of directors of Kinder Morgan
G.P.
 Inc. (the general partner of Kinder Morgan Energy Partners
 L.P.) and Kinder Morgan Management
 LLC from 2003 to 2013. Mr
.. Shaper also serves on the board of directors of Sunnova (NYSE: NOVA) and as a trust manager of Weingarten Realty Investors (NYSE:
WRI). Mr. Shaper received an MBA from the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University and a BS in Industrial
Engineering and a BA in Quantitative Economics from Stanford University.

    
    

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors

Our
board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except
for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with
NYSE corporate governance requirements
 we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one full year after our first fiscal
year end following our listing on NYSE. The term of office of the first class of directors
 consisting of Desir&eacute;e Rogers
and Adam Daley
 will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors
consisting of Alec Litowitz and C. Park Shaper
 will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of
the third class of directors
 consisting of Michael C. Morgan and Eric Scheyer
 will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders.
We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our initial business combination.

Prior
to the completion of an initial business combination
 any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen
by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition
 prior to the completion of an initial business combination
 holders
of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason.

Pursuant
to an agreement entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in our initial public offering
 our sponsor
upon consummation of an initial business combination
 will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board
of directors.

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors
 rather than for specific
terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate.
Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
President
 Vice Presidents
 Secretary
 Treasurer
 Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the board
of directors.

Involvement
in certain legal proceedings

There
is no material litigation
 arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management
team in their capacity as such.

Director
Independence

The
NYSE listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An &ldquo;independent director&rdquo;
is defined generally as a person who has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner
 stockholder
or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). Our board of directors has determined that each of Desir&eacute;e
Rogers
 C. Park Shaper and Michael C. Morgan are &ldquo;independent directors&rdquo; as defined in the NYSE listing standards
and applicable SEC rules. Pursuant to NYSE&rsquo;s phase-in rules for newly listed companies
 we have one (1) year from the date
on which we are first listed on NYSE to for a majority of our board of directors be independent. Our independent directors will
have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.

Committees
of the Board of Directors

Our
board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee
 a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate
governance committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception
 the rules of the NYSE and Rule&nbsp;10A of the Exchange
Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules
and a limited exception
 the rules of the NYSE require that the compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees
of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. The charter of each committee will be available on our website.

    
    

Audit
Committee

We
have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Michael&nbsp;C. Morgan
 Desir&eacute;e Rogers and C.&nbsp;Park
Shaper serve as members of our audit committee. Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules
 we are required to
have at least three members of the audit committee
 all of whom must be independent
 subject to the exception described below.
Michael&nbsp;C. Morgan
 Desir&eacute;e Rogers and C.&nbsp;Park Shaper are independent.

C.&nbsp;Park
Shaper serves as chair of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors
has determined that C.&nbsp;Park Shaper qualifies as an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert&rdquo; as defined in applicable
SEC rules.

We
have adopted an audit committee charter
 which details the principal functions of the audit committee
 including:


the
appointment
 compensation
 retention
 replacement
 and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent
registered public accounting firm engaged by us;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
 &#8203;&nbsp;

pre-approving
all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting
firm engaged by us
 and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures;



reviewing
and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued
independence;



setting
clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors;



setting
clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations;



obtaining
and reviewing a report
 at least annually
 from the independent auditors describing (i)&nbsp;the independent auditor&rsquo;s internal
quality-control procedures and (ii)&nbsp;any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review
 or peer
review
 of the audit firm
 or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding
five&nbsp;years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues;



reviewing
and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item&nbsp;404 of Regulation&nbsp;S-K promulgated
by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and



reviewing
with management
 the independent auditors
 and our legal advisors
 as appropriate
 any legal
 regulatory or compliance matters
including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise
material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards
or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 the SEC or other regulatory authorities.


Compensation
Committee

We
have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Desir&eacute;e Rogers and C. Park Shaper serve as members
of our compensation committee. Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules
 we are required to have at least two
members of the compensation committee
 all of whom must be independent. Desir&eacute;e Rogers and C. Park Shaper are independent.
C. Park Shaper serves as chair of the compensation committee.

    
    

We
have adopted a compensation committee charter
 which will detail the principal functions of the compensation committee
 including:


reviewing
and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our chief executive officer&rsquo;s compensation
evaluating our chief executive officer&rsquo;s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving
the remuneration (if any) of our chief executive officer based on such evaluation;



reviewing
and approving on an annual basis the compensation of all of our other officers;



reviewing
on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans;



implementing
and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;



assisting
management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;



approving
all special perquisites
 special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees;



if
required
 producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and



reviewing
evaluating and recommending changes
 if appropriate
 to the remuneration for directors.


Notwithstanding
the foregoing
 as indicated above
 other than the $10
000 per month administrative fee payable to an affiliate of our sponsor
and reimbursement of expenses
 no compensation of any kind
 including finders
 consulting or other similar fees
 will be paid
to any of our existing stockholders
 officers
 directors or any of their respective affiliates
 prior to
 or for any services
they render in order to effectuate the consummation of a business combination. Accordingly
 it is likely that prior to the consummation
of an initial business combination
 the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any
compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination.

The
charter will also provide that the compensation committee may
 in its sole discretion
 retain or obtain the advice of a compensation
consultant
 legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment
 compensation and oversight of
the work of any such adviser. However
 before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant
 external legal counsel
or any other adviser
 the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser
 including the factors required
by the NYSE and the SEC.

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee

We
have established a nominating and corporate governance committee of the board of directors. Desir&eacute;e Rogers and C. Park
corporate governance committee. C. Park Shaper will serve as chair of the
nominating and corporate governance committee.

The
primary purposes of our nominating and corporate governance committee will be to assist the board in:


identifying
screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors and recommending to the board of directors candidates for
nomination for election at the annual meeting of stockholders or to fill vacancies on the board of directors;



developing
recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines;



coordinating
and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors
 its committees
 individual directors and management in the
governance of the company; and



reviewing
on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary.


The
nominating and corporate governance committee will be governed by a charter that complies with the rules of the NYSE.

    
    

Code
of Ethics

We
have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our officers and directors. We have filed copies of our code of ethics
 our audit
committee charter and our compensation committee charter as exhibits to our registration statement in connection with our initial
public offering. You may review these documents by accessing our public filings at the Commission&rsquo;s web site at www.sec.gov.
In addition
 a copy of the code of ethics will be provided without charge upon request to us.

Corporate
Governance Guidelines

Our
board of directors has adopted corporate governance guidelines in accordance with the corporate governance rules of the NYSE that
serve as a flexible framework within which our board of directors and its committees operate. These guidelines cover a number
of areas including board membership criteria and director qualifications
 director responsibilities
 board +agenda
 roles of the
chairman of the board
 chief executive officer and presiding director
 meetings of independent directors
 committee responsibilities
and assignments
 board member access to management and independent advisors
 director communications with third parties
 director
compensation
 director orientation and continuing education
 evaluation of senior management and management succession planning.
A copy of our corporate governance guidelines is posted on our website.

Conflicts
of Interest

Magnetar
manages numerous investment vehicles and separately managed accounts. Magnetar and its affiliates may compete with us for acquisition
opportunities. If these entities or companies decide to pursue any such opportunity
 we may be precluded from procuring such opportunities.
In addition
 investment ideas generated within Magnetar may be suitable for both us and for current or future investment vehicles
managed by Magnetar and may be directed to such investment vehicles rather than to us. Neither Magnetar nor members of our management
team who are also employed by Magnetar have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination
of which they become aware. Magnetar and/or our management
 in their capacities as partners
 officers or employees of Magnetar
or in their other endeavors
 may be required to present potential business combinations to the related entities described above
current or future affiliates of Magnetar
 or third parties
 before they present such opportunities to us.

Magnetar
and its affiliates and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other blank check companies similar to ours during the period
in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing
an acquisition target.

Each
of our officers and directors presently has
 and any of them in the future may have additional fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity
to such entity. Accordingly
 if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is
suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations
 he or she will honor his or her
fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such other entity. Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless
such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and
such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue.

    
    

Below
is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties
 contractual
obligations or other material management relationships:



    
    
    
    
Entity&rsquo;s
    Business
    
    
    

Michael
    C. Morgan
    
Triangle
    Peak Partners
 LP
    
Alternative
    Asset Management
    
Chairman
    and Chief Executive Officer
    

    
    
Portcullis
    Partners
 LP
    
Alternative
    Asset Management
    
President
    and Chief Executive Officer
    

    
    
Kinder
    Morgan
 Inc.
    
Energy
    Infrastructure Company
    
Lead
    Director
    

    
    
    
    
Solar
    Energy
    
    
    

    
    
Star
    Peak Energy Transition Corp.
    
Special
    Purpose Acquisition Company
    
Chairman
    of the Board
    

Eric
    Scheyer
    
Magnetar
    Financial LLC
    
Alternative
    Asset Management
    
Partner;
    Head of Magnetar Energy and Infrastructure Group
    

    
    
Great
    Elm Capital Group
 Inc.
    
Public
    Holding Company
    
    
    

    
    
Vesper
    Energy Development LLC
    
Solar
    Energy
    
    
    

    
    
Lightstar
    Renewables LLC
    
Solar
    Energy
    
    
    

    
    
Star
    Peak Energy Transition Corp.
    
Special
    Purpose Acquisition Company
    
Chief
    Executive Officer; Director
    

Craig
    Rohr
    
Magnetar
    Financial LLC
    
Alternative
    Asset Management
    
Managing
    Director of MTP Group
    

    
    
Vesper
    Energy Development LLC
    
Solar
    Energy
    
    
    

    
    
Lightstar
    Renewables LLC
    
Solar
    Energy
    
    
    

Michael
    D. Wilds
    
Magnetar
    Financial LLC
    
Alternative
    Asset Management
    
Chief
    Operating Officer MTP Group
    

    
    
Star
    Peak Energy Transition Corp.
    
Special
    Purpose Acquisition Company
    
Chief
    Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer
    

Adam
    E. Daley
    
Magnetar
    Financial LLC
    
Alternative
    Asset Management
    
Partner
    &amp; Co-Head of MTP Group
    

    
    
Star
    Peak Energy Transition Corp.
    
Special
    Purpose Acquisition Company
    
    
    

    
    
Double
    Eagle Energy III
 LLC
    
Energy
    Exploration
    
    
    

    
    
DoublePoint
    Energy
 LLC
    
Energy
    Exploration
    
    
    

    
    
Vesper
    Energy Development LLC
    
Solar
    Energy
    
    
    

Alec
    Litowitz
    
Magnetar
    Financial LLC
    
Alternative
    Asset Management
    
Founder
    and Chief Executive Officer
    

    
    
Star
    Peak Energy Transition Corp.
    
Special
    Purpose Acquisition Company
    
    
    

Desiree
    Rogers
    
Black
    Opal Beauty
 LLC
    
Makeup
    and Skincare
    
Chief
    Executive Officer and Co-Owner
    

    
    
Inspired
    Entertainment
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Gaming
    Technology
    
    
    

    
    
MDC
    Partners
    
Advertising
    and Marketing
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Holding
    Company
    
    
    

    
    
Star
    Peak Energy Transition Corp.
    
Special
    Purpose Acquisition Company
    
    
    

C.
    Park Shaper
    
Seis
    Holdings
 LLC
    
Alternative
    Asset Management
    
Chief
    Executive Officer
    

    
    
Kinder
    Morgan
 Inc.
    
Energy
    Infrastructure Company
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Solar
    Energy
    
    
    

    
    
Weingarten
    Realty Investors
    
Real
    Estate Investment
    
Trust
    Manager
    

    
    
Star
    Peak Energy Transition Corp.
    
Special
    Purpose Acquisition Company
    
    
    


    
    

Potential
investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest:


None
                                         of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs
                                         and
 accordingly
 may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among
                                         various business activities.


In
                                         the course of their other business activities
 our officers and directors may become
                                         aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation
                                         to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may
                                         have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity
                                         should be presented.


Our
                                         initial stockholders have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to
                                         any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with the completion of
                                         our initial business combination and a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our
                                         amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) that would modify the substance
                                         or timing of our obligation to provide holders of shares of Class A common stock the
                                         right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination
                                         or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
                                         within 24 months from the closing of the company&rsquo;s initial public offering or (B) with
                                         respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common
                                         stock and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account
                                         with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business
                                         combination within 24 months from the closing of the company&rsquo;s initial public offering
                                         (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
                                         respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination
                                         within the prescribed time frame). If we do not complete our initial business combination
                                         within such applicable time period
 the proceeds of the sale of the private placement
                                         warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public
                                         shares
 and the private placement warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited
                                         exceptions
 the founder shares will not be transferable
 assignable by our sponsor until
                                         the earlier of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination;
                                         or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination
 (x) if the closing price of our
                                         Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits
                                         stock dividends
 reorganizations
 recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading
                                         days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial
                                         business combination
 or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation
 merger
 capital
                                         stock exchange
 reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our
                                         stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash
 securities
                                         or other property. With certain limited exceptions
 the private placement warrants and
                                         the Class A common stock underlying such warrants
 will not be transferable
 assignable
                                         or salable by our sponsor or its permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion
                                         of our initial business combination. Since our sponsor and officers and directors may
                                         directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following the company&rsquo;s initial
                                         public offering
 our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining
                                         whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate
                                         our initial business combination.

    
    


Our
                                         officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular
                                         business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors
                                         was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our
                                         initial business combination. In addition
 our initial stockholders
 sponsor
 officers
                                         and directors may sponsor
 form or participate in other blank check companies similar
                                         to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any
                                         such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition
                                         target
 particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates.


Our
                                         sponsor
 officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating
                                         a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our sponsor
                                         or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction
                                         costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to $1
500
000 of
                                         such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of $2.00 per warrant at the option
                                         of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants
 including
                                         as to exercise price
 exercisability and exercise period.


The
                                         conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor.

In
general
 officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present
business opportunities to a corporation if:


the
                                         corporation could financially undertake the opportunity;


the
                                         opportunity is within the corporation&rsquo;s line of business; and


it
                                         would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought
                                         to the attention of the corporation.

Accordingly
as a result of multiple business affiliations
 our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting
business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities.

Accordingly
if any of the above executive officers
 directors or director nominees becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which
is suitable for any of the above entities to which he or she has current fiduciary or contractual obligations
 he or she will
honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity
 and only
present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We do not believe
 however
 that any of the foregoing fiduciary duties
or contractual obligations will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation will provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless
such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and
such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue.

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor
 officers
or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company
 we
 or a committee of independent
directors
 would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm that such
initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view.

    
    

As
long as our sponsor is controlled by our founders
 we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial
business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. In the event that we submit our initial business combination to
our public stockholders for a vote
 we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares
of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. Our initial stockholders have agreed to vote any
founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination
and our officers and directors have also agreed to vote any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our
initial business combination.


Item
Executive
Compensation

Officer
and Director Compensation

None
of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to the company. Commencing at
the consummation of our initial public offering
 we reimburse the sponsor for office space
 secretarial and administrative services
provided to the company in an amount not to exceed $10
000 per month. In addition
 our sponsor
 executive officers and directors
or any of their respective affiliates are being reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
conducted on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee reviews all payments that the company makes to the sponsor
 executive officers or directors
 or their affiliates
on a quarterly basis. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination are made using funds held outside the trust account.
Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements
 the company does not have any additional controls in place
for governing reimbursement payments to its directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred on behalf
of the company and in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments
and reimbursements
 no compensation of any kind
 including finder&rsquo;s and consulting fees
 is paid by the company to our sponsor
executive officers and directors
 or any of their respective affiliates
 prior to completion of the initial business combination.

After
the completion of our initial business combination
 directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid
consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders
 to the extent
then known
 in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials (as applicable) furnished to our stockholders in connection with
a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined
company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of
the proposed business combination
 because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining
officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined
 or recommended to the board
of directors for determination
 either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority
of the independent directors on our board of directors.

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination
 although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment
or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management&rsquo;s motivation in identifying or
selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination.
We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.


    
    


Item
Security
                                         Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock as of March 22
 2021 based
on information obtained from the persons named below
 with respect to the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock
by:


each
                                         person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding shares
                                         of common stock;


each
                                         of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our shares of common stock;
                                         and


all
                                         our executive officers and directors as a group.

In
the table below
 percentage ownership is based on 40
250
000 shares of Class A common stock (which includes shares of Class A
common stock that are underlying the units) and 10
062
500 shares of Class B common stock outstanding as of March 22
 2021. The
table below does not include the shares of Class A common stock underlying the private placement warrants held by our sponsor
because these securities are not exercisable within 60 days of this Report.




    
    
    

    
    
Shares 
Beneficially 
Owned
    
Percentage of 
Class
    
Shares 
Beneficially 
Owned
    
Percentage of 
Class

    
9
982
500
    
    
    

    
9
982
500
    
    
    

    
9
982
500
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
9
982
500
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
40
000
    
    
    

    
40
000
    
    
    

    
9
982
500
    
    
    


 L.P.
    
    
2
750
000
    

    
    
    
2
275
000
    







Less
                                         than one percent.


Unless
                                         otherwise noted
 the business address of each of our stockholders is 1603 Orrington Avenue
                                         13th Floor
 Evanston
 IL 602010.


The
                                         sponsor is the record holder of such shares. Each of Star Peak 19
 LLC
 Star Peak L LLC
                                         and Star Peak M LLC are the managing members of our sponsor and as such
 each have voting
                                         and investment discretion with respect to the Class B Common Stock held of record by
                                         the sponsor and may be deemed to have shared beneficial ownership of the Class B Common
                                         Stock held directly by the sponsor. Eric Scheyer is the sole member of and controls Star
                                         Peak 19 LLC; Alec Litowitz is the sole member of and controls Star Peak L LLC; and Michael
                                         C. Morgan is the sole member of and controls Star Peak M LLC (each
 a &ldquo;Sponsor
                                         Controlling Entity&rdquo;). The unanimous consent of each Sponsor Controlling Entity
                                         is required to make voting and dispositive decisions with respect to the securities held
                                         by our sponsor. Accordingly
 each of Messrs. Scheyer
 Litowitz and Morgan are deemed
                                         to have or share beneficial ownership of the securities held directly by our sponsor.
                                         Each such entity or person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares
                                         other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein
 directly or
                                         indirectly.


Each
                                         of these individuals
 as well as STPC&rsquo;s advisor
 holds a direct or indirect interest
                                         in the sponsor. Each such person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares
                                         other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein
 directly or
                                         indirectly.


The
                                         address of Adage Capital Partners
 L.P. is 200 Clarendon Street
 52nd Floor
 Boston
                                         Massachusetts 02116. Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed on January 8
 2021 (the &ldquo;Adage
                                         13G&rdquo;). According to the Adage 13G
 Adage Capital Partners
 L.P.
 a Delaware limited
                                         partnership (&ldquo;ACP&rdquo;) is the direct owner of such Class A Common Stock. Adage
                                         Capital Partners GP
 L.L.C.
 a limited liability company organized under the laws of
                                         the State of Delaware (&ldquo;ACPGP&rdquo;)
 is the general partner of ACP and therefore
                                         has beneficial ownership of the shares of Class A Common Stock directly owned by ACP.
                                         Adage Capital Advisors
 L.L.C.
 a limited liability company organized under the laws
                                         of the State of Delaware (&ldquo;ACA&rdquo;)
 is the managing member of ACPGP
 the general
                                         partner of ACP
 and therefore has beneficial ownership of the shares of Class A Common
                                         Stock directly owned by ACP. Robert Atchinson (&ldquo;Mr. Atchinson&rdquo;) is the managing
                                         member of ACA
 which is the managing member of ACPGP
 which is the general partner of
                                         ACP and therefore Mr. Atchinson has beneficial ownership of the shares of Class A Common
                                         Stock directly owned by ACP. Phillip Gross (&ldquo;Mr. Gross&rdquo;) is the managing
                                         member of ACA
 which is the managing member of ACPGP
 which is the general partner of
                                         ACP and therefore Mr. Gross has beneficial ownership of the shares of Class A Common
                                         Stock directly owned by ACP.


The
                                         address of Senator Investment Group LP is 510 Madison Avenue
 28th Floor
 New York
 NY
                                         10022. Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed on January 8
 2021 (the &ldquo;Senator 13G&rdquo;).
                                         According to the Senator 13G
 Senator Investment Group LP (&ldquo;Senator Investment
                                         Group&rdquo;) serves as investment manager to various investment funds (collectively
                                         the &ldquo;Funds&rdquo;)
 and as such
 has investment discretion with respect to the
                                         Funds. Douglas Silverman has control of a Delaware limited liability company that may
                                         be deemed to control Senator Investment Group.

    
    

Our
sponsor
 officers and directors are deemed to be our &ldquo;promoter&rdquo; as such term is defined under the federal securities
laws.

Changes
in Control




Item
Certain
                                         Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence

Founder
Shares

In
October&nbsp;2020
 our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 10
062
500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25
000
or approximately $0.003 per share. Prior to the initial investment in the company of $25
000 by our sponsor
 the company had no
assets
 tangible or intangible. On January 4
 2021
 our sponsor transferred 40
000 founder shares to each of Desir&eacute;e Rogers
and C. Park Shaper
 our independent director nominees. On January 8
 2021
 the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment
option and purchased an additional 5
250
000&nbsp;units
 at a price of $10.00 per unit.

The
sponsor and STPC&rsquo;s officers and directors have agreed not to transfer
 assign or sell any of their founder shares until
the earlier to occur of (A)&nbsp;one (1)&nbsp;year after the completion of STPC&rsquo;s initial business combination or (B)&nbsp;subsequent
to STPC&rsquo;s initial business combination
 (x)&nbsp;if the last reported sale price of STPC&rsquo;s Class&nbsp;A common stock
equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits
 stock dividends
 reorganizations
 recapitalizations and the
like) for any twenty (20) trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least one hundred fifty (150) days after
STPC&rsquo;s initial business combination
 or (y)&nbsp;the date on which STPC completes a liquidation
 merger
 capital stock exchange
reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all STPC stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of
common stock for cash
 securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other
agreements of our initial stockholders with respect to any founder shares.

    
    

Private
Placement Warrants

Simultaneously
with the consummation of our initial public offering
 we completed the sale of private placement warrants to the sponsor in a
private placement
 generating gross proceeds of $13.1&nbsp;million. Each private placement warrant is exercisable for one (1)&nbsp;share
of our Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share. A portion of the purchase price of the private placement
warrants was added to the proceeds from our initial public offering held in the trust account. If our initial business combination
is not completed by January 8
 2023
 the proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will
be used to fund the redemption of the Class A common stock (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the private placement
warrants will expire worthless. The private placement warrants will be non-redeemable for cash and exercisable on a cashless basis
so long as they are held by the sponsor or its permitted transferees.

The
sponsor agreed
 subject to limited exceptions
 not to transfer
 assign or sell any of its private placement warrants until thirty
(30) days after the completion of our initial business combination.

Promissory
Note &mdash; Related Party

On
October 30
 2020
 the sponsor agreed to loan us an aggregate of up to $300
000 to cover expenses related to our initial public
offering pursuant to a promissory note (the &ldquo;Note&rdquo;). The Note was non-interest bearing and was due upon the completion
of our initial public offering. We borrowed $150
000 under the Note. The Note balance was paid in full at closing of our initial
public offering on January 8
 2021.

Administrative
Support Agreement

We
have agreed to pay $10
000 a month for office space
 utilities
 and secretarial and administrative support to the sponsor. Services commenced
on the date the securities were first listed on the NYSE and will terminate upon the earlier of our initial business combination or our
liquidation. 

Related
Person Transactions Policy

We
operate under a Code of Ethics that encourages the avoidance of &ldquo;related-party transactions&rdquo; or conflicts of interest
wherever possible
 except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee thereof).

Policy
for Approval of Related Party Transactions

Our
audit committee must review and approve any related person transaction we propose to enter into. Our audit committee charter details
the policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present actual
 potential or perceived conflicts of interest and
may raise questions as to whether such transactions are consistent with the best interest of our company and our stockholders.
A summary of such policies and procedures is set forth below.

Any
potential related party transaction that is brought to the audit committee&rsquo;s attention will be analyzed by the audit committee
in consultation with outside counsel or members of management
 as appropriate
 to determine whether the transaction or relationship
does
 in fact
 constitute a related party transaction. At its meetings
 the audit committee will be provided with the details
of each new
 existing or proposed related party transaction
 including the terms of the transaction
 the business purpose of the
transaction and the benefits to us and to the relevant related party.


    
    

In
determining whether to approve a related party transaction
 the audit committee must consider
 among other factors
 the following
factors to the extent relevant:


whether
                                         the terms of the transaction are fair to us and on the same basis as would apply if the
                                         transaction did not involve a related party;


whether
                                         there are business reasons for us to enter into the transaction;


whether
                                         the transaction would impair the independence of an outside director;


whether
                                         the transaction would present an improper conflict of interest for any director or executive
                                         officer; and


any
                                         pre-existing contractual obligations.

Any
member of the audit committee who has an interest in the transaction under discussion must abstain from any voting regarding the
transaction
 but may
 if so requested by the chairman of the audit committee
 participate in some or all of the audit committee&rsquo;s
discussions of the transaction. Upon completion of its review of the transaction
 the audit committee may determine to permit
or to prohibit the transaction.

Our
sponsor
 officers and directors are deemed to be our &ldquo;promoter&rdquo; as such term is defined under the federal securities
laws.

To
further minimize conflicts of interest
 we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is
affiliated with any of our sponsor
 officers or directors unless we
 or a committee of independent directors
 have obtained an
opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that
our initial business combination is fair to our company and our stockholders from a financial point of view. No finder&rsquo;s
fees
 reimbursements
 consulting fee
 monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation will be paid by us to our
sponsor
 officers or directors
 or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers
 for services rendered to us prior to
 or in connection
with any services rendered in order to effectuate
 the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type
of transaction that it is). However
 the following payments will be made to our sponsor
 officers or directors
 or our or their
affiliates
 none of which will be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the trust account prior to the
completion of our initial business combination:


Repayment
                                         of up to an aggregate of $300
000 in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover offering
                                         related and organizational expenses;


Payment
                                         to an affiliate of our sponsor of $10
000 per month
 for up to 18 months
 for office
                                         space
 utilities and secretarial and administrative support;


Reimbursement
                                         for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying
 investigating and completing an
                                         initial business combination; and


Repayment
                                         of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of
                                         our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended
                                         initial business combination
 the terms of which have not been determined nor have any
                                         written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to $1
500
000 of such loans
                                         may be convertible into warrants
 at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the
                                         lender.

Our
audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to Magnetar
 our sponsor
 officers or directors
or our or their affiliates.


Item
Principal
                                         Accountant Fees and Services

The
following is a summary of fees paid to WithumSmith+Brown
 PC
 for services rendered.

    
    

Audit
Fees
 reviews
of our quarterly financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in
connection with statutory and regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by WithumSmith+Brown
 PC for audit fees
 inclusive of required
filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31
 2020 and of services rendered in connection with our initial public offering
 totaled
$59
740.

Audit-Related
Fees
of the audit or review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under &ldquo;Audit Fees.&rdquo; These services
include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting
standards. During the period from October 8
 2020 (inception) through December 31
 2020
 we did not pay WithumSmith+Brown
 PC any audit-related fees.

Tax
Fees
 tax planning and tax advice. During period
from October 8
 2020 (inception) through December 31
 2020
 we did not pay WithumSmith+Brown
 PC any tax fees.

All
Other Fees
 2020
 we did
not pay WithumSmith+Brown
 PC any other fees.

Pre-Approval
Policy

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result
 the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services
 although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our
board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee
 and on a going-forward basis
 the audit committee has and will
pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors
 including the fees
and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved
by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit).


    
    

PART
IV


Item
Exhibits
                                         Financial Statements Schedules


The
                                         following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K:


Financial
                                         Statements:


Financial
                                         Statement Schedules:






We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by
reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC
 100 F Street
 N.E.
 Room 1580
Washington
 D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC
 100 F Street
N.E.
 Washington
 D.C. 20549
 at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.



Exhibit
No.
    

    
Amended
    and Restated Certificate of Incorporation

    
    

    
Amended
    and Restated Bylaws. (2)

    
    

    
Warrant
    Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company and the Registrant

    
    

    
Specimen
    Unit Certificate

    
    

    
Specimen
    Class A Common Stock Certificate

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Investment
    Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company and the Registrant

    
    

    
Registration
    and Stockholder Rights Agreement among the Registrant
 the Sponsor and the Holders signatory thereto

    
    

    
Private
    Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and the Sponsor

    
    

    
Letter
    Agreement among the Registrant
 the Sponsor and each director and executive officer of the Registrant

    
    

    
Administrative
    Services Agreement between the Registrant and the Sponsor

    
    

    
Promissory
    Note
 dated October 30
 2020
 issued to the sponsor by the Registrant

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


    
    



Exhibit
No.
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


101.INS
XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema
101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase
101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase




Filed
                                         herewith

Furnished
                                         herewith

Incorporated
                                         by reference to the registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the SEC
                                         on January 5
 2021.

Incorporated
                                         by reference to the registrant&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1
 filed with
                                         the SEC on December 29
 2020.


Item
Form
                                         10-K Summary

Not
applicable.

    
    



Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on
Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.





    


    
    


    
    

    
    


    
    

    
    


    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    


    
    
    

/s/
        Michael C. Morgan

    
March
    30
 2021

Michael
    C. Morgan
    
    

    
    
    

/s/
        Eric Scheyer

Chief
    Executive Officer and Director
March
    30
 2021

Eric
    Scheyer
Principal
    Executive Officer
    

    
    
    

/s/
        Craig Rohr

    
March
    30
 2021

Craig
Rohr&nbsp;
    
    

    
    
    

/s/
        Michael D. Wilds

Chief
    Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer
March
    30
 2021

Michael
    D. Wilds
Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer
    

    
    
    

/s/
        Adam E. Daley

    
March
    30
 2021

Adam
    E. Daley
    
    

    
    
    

/s/
        Alec Litowitz

    
March
    30
 2021

Alec
    Litowitz
    
    

    
    
    

/s/
        Desir&eacute;e Rogers

    
March
    30
 2021

Desir&eacute;e
Rogers&nbsp;
    
    

    
    
    

/s/
        C. Park Shaper

    
March
    30
 2021

C.
    Park Shaper
    
    


    
    

STAR
PEAK CORP II
Index
to Financial Statements



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Balance Sheet as of December 31
 2020
    

    
    

Statement of Operations for the period from October 8
 2020 (inception) through December 31
 2020
    

    
    

Statement of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the period from October 8
 2020 (inception) through December 31
 2020
    

    
    

Statement of Cash Flows for the period from October 8
 2020 (inception) through December 31
 2020
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


    
    

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To
the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of





of Star Peak Corp II (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 as of December&nbsp;31
 2020
 the related statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo;
equity and cash flows for the period from October&nbsp;8
 2020 (inception) through December&nbsp;31
 2020
 and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the &ldquo;financial statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
the financial position of the Company as of December&nbsp;31
 2020
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period
from October&nbsp;8
 2020
 2020 (inception) through December&nbsp;31
 2020
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America.




of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;) and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules&nbsp;and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged
to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.


the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 PC

We
have served as the Company's auditor since 


 New York

 2021


    
    

STAR
PEAK CORP II
BALANCE
SHEET
December
31
 2020




    
    

    
    

    
45
156

    
45
156

    
450
151

    
495
307

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
28
499

    
295
368

    
2
075

    
150
000

    
475
942

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


 $0.0001 par value&#894; 1
000
000 shares authorized&#894; none issued and outstanding
    


 $0.0001 par value; 400
000
000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding
    


 $0.0001 par value; 40
000
000 shares authorized; 10
062
500 shares issued and outstanding (1)
1
006

    
23
994

    
(5
635

    
19
365

    
495
307


(1)
This number includes up to 1
312
500 Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised
in full or in part by the underwriters. On January 8
 2021
 the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option; thus
these shares are no longer subject to forfeiture (see Note 6).

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

    
    

STAR
PEAK CORP II
STATEMENT
OF OPERATIONS
FOR
THE PERIOD FROM OCTOBER 8
 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31
 2020




    
3
560

    
2
075

    
(5
635

    
    


 basic and diluted 
8
750
000

    
    

    
    



(1) This number excludes an aggregate
of up to 1
312
500 shares of Class B common stock subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised in full
or in part by the underwriters. On January 8
 2021
 the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option; thus
 these shares
are no longer subject to forfeiture (see Note 6).

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

    
    

STAR
PEAK CORP II
STATEMENT
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY 
FOR
THE PERIOD FROM OCTOBER 8
 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31
 2020




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2020 (inception)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
062
500
1
006
23
994
    
25
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
(5
635
(5
635


 2020
    
    
10
062
500
1
006
23
994
(5
635
19
365


(1) This number includes up to 1
312
500
Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters.
On January 8
 2021
 the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option; thus
 these shares are no longer subject to forfeiture
(see Note 6).

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

    
    

STAR
PEAK CORP II
STATEMENT
OF CASH FLOWS
FOR
THE PERIOD FROM OCTOBER 8
 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31
 2020




    
    

    
(5
635

    
    

    
3
504

    
2
075

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
150
000

    
(104
788

    
45
212

    
    

    
45
156

    
    

    
    

    
45
156

    
    

    
    

    
25
000

    
295
368

    
24
995


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

    
    




Note
1 &mdash; Description of Organization and Business Operations

Star
Peak Corp II (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) is a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on October&nbsp;8
 2020
 for the purpose
of effecting a merger
 capital stock exchange
 asset acquisition
 stock purchase
 reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more businesses (the &ldquo;Business Combination&rdquo;). The Company is an emerging growth company and
 as such
the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies.

As
of December 31
 2020
 the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from October&nbsp;8
 2020 (inception)
through December 31
 2020 relates to the Company&rsquo;s formation and the initial public offering (&ldquo;Initial Public Offering&rdquo;)
described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination
at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from
the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end.

The
Company&rsquo;s sponsor is Star Peak Sponsor II LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (the &ldquo;Sponsor&rdquo;). The registration
statement for the Company&rsquo;s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on January 5
 2021. On January 8
 2021
 the Company
consummated its&nbsp;Initial Public Offering of 40
250
000 units (the &ldquo;Units&rdquo; and
 with respect to the Class A common
stock included in the Units being offered
 the &ldquo;Public Shares&rdquo;)
 including 5
250
000 additional Units to cover over-allotments
(the &ldquo;Over-Allotment Units&rdquo;)
 at $10.00 per Unit
 generating gross proceeds of $402.5 million
 and incurring offering
costs of approximately $22.9 million
 inclusive of approximately $14.1 million in deferred underwriting commissions (Note 5).

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering
 the Company consummated the private placement (&ldquo;Private Placement&rdquo;)
of 6
553
454 warrants (each
 a &ldquo;Private Placement Warrant&rdquo; and collectively
 the &ldquo;Private Placement Warrants&rdquo;)
at a price of $2.00 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor
 generating proceeds of approximately $13.1 million (Note 4).

Upon
the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement
 $402.5 million ($10.00 per Unit)&nbsp;of the net proceeds
of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement was held in a&nbsp;trust account (&ldquo;Trust
Account&rdquo;) located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company acting as trustee
 and invested
only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries
and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940
 as amended (the &ldquo;Investment Company
Act&rdquo;)
 as determined by the Company
 until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii)&nbsp;the
distribution of the Trust Account as described below.

The
Company&rsquo;s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public
Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants
 although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied
generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business
Combination successfully. The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market
value of at least 80% of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discounts
and commissions held in trust and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter
into the initial Business Combination. However
 the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-business combination
company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the
target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

    
    




The
Company will provide the holders (the &ldquo;Public Stockholders&rdquo;) of the Public Shares with the opportunity to redeem all
or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder
meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii)&nbsp;by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company
will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company
 solely in its
discretion. The Public Stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then held
in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be $10.00 per Public Share). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Stockholders
who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters
(as discussed in Note 5). These Public Shares will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the
completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board&rsquo;s (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;)
Accounting Standards Codification (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) Topic 480 &ldquo;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.&rdquo; The Company
will proceed with a Business Combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. The
Company will not redeem the Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than $5
000
001. If
a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons
the Company will
 pursuant to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the &ldquo;Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation&rdquo;)
 conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If
 however
 stockholder
approval of the transaction is required by law
 or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons
the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant
to the tender offer rules. Additionally
 each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether
they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination
the Initial Stockholders (as defined below) agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 4) and any Public Shares
purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. In addition
 the Initial Stockholders
agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion
of a Business Combination.

The
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation will provide that a public stockholder
 together with any affiliate of such
stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a &ldquo;group&rdquo; (as defined under
Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;))
 will be restricted from redeeming
its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% or more of the Public Shares
 without the prior consent of the Company.

The
Sponsor and the Company&rsquo;s officers and directors (the &ldquo;Initial Stockholders&rdquo;) agreed not to propose an amendment
to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to modify the substance or timing of the Company&rsquo;s obligation to
redeem 100% of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined
below) or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders&rsquo; rights or pre-initial Business Combination
activity
 unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction
with any such amendment.

If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within 24&nbsp;months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering
or January 8
 2023 (the &ldquo;Combination Period&rdquo;)
 the Company will (i)&nbsp;cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up
 (ii)&nbsp;as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem the Public
Shares
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
 including interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes
 including franchise
and income taxes (less up to $100
000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable)
 divided by the number
of then outstanding Public Shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders&rsquo; rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii)&nbsp;as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the board of directors
dissolve and liquidate
 subject in each case to the Company&rsquo;s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law.

    
    




The
Initial Stockholders agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder
Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However
 if the Initial Stockholders
acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering
 they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period.
The underwriters agreed to waive their rights to the deferred underwriting commission (see Note 5) held in the Trust Account in
the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within in the Combination Period and
 in such event
 such amounts
will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares.
In the event of such distribution
 it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution
(including Trust Account assets) will be only $10.00. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account
 the Sponsor has
agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (except for the Company&rsquo;s independent
registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company
 or a prospective target business with
which the Company has entered into a letter of intent
 confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement
(a &ldquo;Target&rdquo;)
 reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i)&nbsp;$10.00 per Public Share
and (ii)&nbsp;the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account
if less than $10.00 per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets
 less taxes payable
 provided that such
liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or Target that executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held
in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) not will it apply to any claims under the Company&rsquo;s indemnity
of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities
 including liabilities under the Securities Act
of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;). The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will
have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors
 service providers (except the
Company&rsquo;s independent registered public accounting firm)
 prospective target businesses or other entities with which the
Company does business
 execute agreements with the Company waiving any right
 title
 interest or claim of any kind in or to monies
held in the Trust Account.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

As
of December 31
 2020
 the Company had approximately $45
000 in cash
 and working capital deficit of approximately $429
000&nbsp;(not
taking into account tax obligations of approximately $2
000 that may be paid using investment income earned in Trust Account).

The
Company&rsquo;s liquidity needs to date have been satisfied through the payment of $25
000 from the Sponsor to cover certain offering
costs on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of Founders Shares (as defined in Note 4)
 and loan proceeds from the
Sponsor of $150
000 under the Note (Note 4).&nbsp;The Company repaid the Note in full on January 8
 2021. Subsequent to the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering
 the Company&rsquo;s liquidity needs have been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account.

Based
on the foregoing
 management believes that the Company will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its
needs through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or one year from this filing. Over this time period
 the
Company will be using the funds held outside of the Trust Account for paying existing accounts payable
 identifying and evaluating
prospective initial Business Combination candidates
 performing due diligence on prospective target businesses
 paying for travel
expenditures
 selecting the target business to merge with or acquire
 and structuring
 negotiating and consummating the Business
Combination.

Note
2 &mdash; Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis
of Presentation

The
accompanying financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America (&ldquo;U.S. GAAP&rdquo;) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.

Emerging
Growth Company

The
Company is an &ldquo;emerging growth company
&rdquo; as defined in Section&nbsp;2(a) of the Securities Act
 as modified by the
Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the &ldquo;JOBS Act&rdquo;)
 and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from
various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including
but not limited to
 not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements
of Section&nbsp;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic
reports and proxy statements
 and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation
and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

    
    




Further
Section&nbsp;102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies (that is
 those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared
effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised
financial accounting standards.

The
JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to
opt out of such extended transition period
 which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application
dates for public or private companies
 the Company
 as an emerging growth company
 can adopt the new or revised standard at the
time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company&rsquo;s financial statement
with another public company that is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using
the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the Company&rsquo;s management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

The
Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
The Company had no cash equivalents as of December 31
 2020.

Concentration
of Credit Risk

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution
which
 at times
 may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance coverage limits of $250
000. At December 31
 2020
 the Company has
not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on the account.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
fair value of the Company&rsquo;s assets and liabilities
 which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC Topic 820
 &ldquo;Fair
Value Measurements&rdquo;
 approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet
 primarily due to their short-term
nature.

Deferred
Offering Costs Associated with the Initial Public Offering

Deferred
offering costs consist of legal
 accounting
 and other costs incurred as of December 31
 2020 that were directly related to the
Initial Public Offering and that were charged to stockholders&rsquo; equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering on
January 8
 2021. As of December 31
 2020
 the Company incurred approximately $450
000 of deferred offering costs.

Net
Loss Per Share

The
Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260
 &ldquo;Earnings Per Share.&rdquo; Net loss
per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period
excluding common stock subject to forfeiture. Weighted average shares at December 31
 2020 were reduced for the effect of an aggregate
of 1
312
500 shares of common stock that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in
part by the underwriters (see Note 6). At December 31
 2020
 the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts
that could
 potentially
 be exercised or converted into shares of common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company.
As a result
 diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the period presented.

    
    




Income
Taxes

The
Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC Topic&nbsp;740
 &ldquo;Income Taxes.&rdquo;
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the&nbsp;years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Deferred tax assets were deemed immaterial as of December
31
 2020.

FASB
ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized
 a tax position must be more
likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of December
31
 2020. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No
amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties as of December 31
 2020. The Company is currently not aware of
any issues under review that could result in significant payments
 accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company
is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception.

The provision for income taxes are de minimis for the year ended December 31
 2020&nbsp;

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

The
Company&rsquo;s management does not believe that any recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards if currently
adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements.

Note
3 &mdash; Initial Public Offering

On
January 8
 2021
 the Company consummated its&nbsp;Initial Public Offering of 40
250
000 Units
 including 5
250
000 Over-Allotment
Units
 at $10.00 per Unit
 generating gross proceeds of $402.5 million
 and incurring offering costs of approximately $22.9 million
inclusive of approximately $14.1 million in deferred underwriting commissions.

Each
Unit consists of one share of Class&nbsp;A common stock and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant (each
 a &ldquo;Public Warrant&rdquo;).
Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class&nbsp;A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share
subject to adjustment (see Note 6).

Note
4 &mdash; Related Party Transactions

Founder
Shares

On
October 23
 2020
 the Sponsor paid $25
000 on behalf of the Company to cover certain offering costs in exchange for issuance of
10
062
500 shares of the Company&rsquo;s Class&nbsp;B common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share (the &ldquo;Founder Shares&rdquo;).
Subsequent to October 23
 2020
 the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 80
000 Founder Shares to the Company&rsquo;s independent
directors. The Sponsor and independent directors are referred to as the &ldquo;Initial Stockholders.&rdquo;

The
Initial Stockholders agreed to forfeit up to 1
312
500 Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised
in full by the underwriters
 so that the Founder Shares would represent 20.0% of the Company&rsquo;s issued and outstanding shares
after the Initial Public Offering. The underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full on January 8
 2021; thus
 these&nbsp;1
312
500
Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture.

    
    




The
Initial Stockholders agreed
 subject to limited exceptions
 not to transfer
 assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the
earlier to occur of: (A)&nbsp;one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination; or (B)&nbsp;subsequent to the
initial Business Combination
 (x)&nbsp;if the closing price of the Class&nbsp;A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share
(as adjusted for stock splits
 stock dividends
 reorganizations
 recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within
any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150&nbsp;days after the initial Business Combination
 or (y)&nbsp;the date on which
the Company completes a liquidation
 merger
 capital stock exchange
 reorganization or other similar transaction that results
in all of the stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash
 securities or other property.

Private
Placement Warrants

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering
 the Company consummated the Private Placement of 6
553
454 Private Placement
Warrants at a price of $2.00 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor
 generating proceeds of approximately $13.1 million.

Each
whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one whole share of Class&nbsp;A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share.
A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the Initial
Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period
the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable for cash and exercisable
on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees.

The
Sponsor and the Company&rsquo;s officers and directors agreed
 subject to limited exceptions
 not to transfer
 assign or sell
any of their Private Placement Warrants until 30&nbsp;days after the completion of the initial Business Combination.

Related
Party Loans

On
October&nbsp;23
 2020
 the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to $300
000 to cover expenses related to the
Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the &ldquo;Note&rdquo;). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable
upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The Company borrowed $150
000 under the Note and repaid the Note in full on
January 8
 2021.

In
addition
 in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination
 the Sponsor or an affiliate of the
Sponsor
 or certain of the Company&rsquo;s officers and directors may
 but are not obligated to
 loan the Company funds as may
be required (&ldquo;Working Capital Loans&rdquo;). If the Company completes a Business Combination
 the Company would repay the
Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise
 the Working Capital Loans would
be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close
 the Company
may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust
Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing
 the terms of such Working Capital Loans
 if
any
 have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either
be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination or
 at the lenders&rsquo; discretion
 up to $1.5 million of such Working
Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $2.00 per warrant. The warrants
would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31
 2020
 the Company had no borrowings under the Working
Capital Loans.

Administrative
Services Agreement

The
Company entered into an agreement that provided that
 commencing on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering through
the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination and the Company&rsquo;s liquidation
 the Company agreed to pay
the Sponsor a total of $10
000 per month for office space
 utilities
 secretarial support and administrative services.

    
    




The
Company&rsquo;s officers or directors will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on the Company&rsquo;s behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business
Combinations. The Company&rsquo;s audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to the Sponsor
officers or directors
 or the Company&rsquo;s or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial Business Combination
will be made using funds held outside the Trust Account.

Note
5 &mdash; Commitments and Contingencies

Registration
Rights

The
holders of Founder Shares
 Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans
if any
 (and any shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants
that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans) were entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights
agreement signed upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up
to three demands
 excluding short form demands
 that the Company register such securities. In addition
 the holders have certain
 &ldquo;piggy-back&rdquo; registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the
initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements.

Underwriting
Agreement

The
Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 5
250
000 additional
Units to cover over-allotments
 if any
 at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions.
The underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full on January 8
 2021.

The
underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of $0.20 per Unit
 or approximately $8.1&nbsp;million in the aggregate
paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition
 the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of $0.35 per
Unit
 or approximately $14.1&nbsp;million in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the
amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination
 subject to the terms
of the underwriting agreement.

Risks
and Uncertainties

Management
continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible
that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company&rsquo;s financial position
 results of its operations and/or search
for a target company
 the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the financial statements. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Note
6 &mdash; Stockholders&rsquo; Equity

Class&nbsp;A
&nbsp;The Company is authorized to issue 400
000
000 shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock with a par
value of $0.0001 per share. As of December 31
 2020
 there were no shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock issued or outstanding.

Class&nbsp;B
&nbsp;The Company is authorized to issue 40
000
000 shares of Class&nbsp;B common stock with a par
value of $0.0001 per share. As of December 31
 2020
 there were 10
062
500 shares of Class&nbsp;B common stock issued and outstanding.
Of these
 up to 1
312
500 shares of Class&nbsp;B common stock were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters&rsquo;
over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part
 so that the Initial Stockholders would collectively own 20% of the
Company&rsquo;s issued and outstanding common stock after the Initial Public Offering. The underwriter exercised its over-allotment
option in full on January 8
 2021; thus
 these&nbsp;1
312
500 shares of Class&nbsp;B common stock are no longer subject to forfeiture.

    
    




Prior
to the initial Business Combination
 only holders of the Class&nbsp;B common stock will have the right to vote on the election
of directors. Holders of the Class&nbsp;A common stock will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time.
In addition
 prior to the completion of an initial Business Combination
 holders of a majority of the Class&nbsp;B common stock
may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation
may only be amended by a resolution passed by a majority of the shares of Class&nbsp;B common stock. With respect to any other
matter submitted to a vote of the stockholders
 including any vote in connection with the initial Business Combination
 except
as required by law or the applicable rules of the NYSE then in effect
 holders of the Class&nbsp;A and Class&nbsp;B common stock
will vote together as a single class
 with each share entitling the holder to one vote.

The
Class&nbsp;B common stock will automatically convert into Class&nbsp;A common stock at the time of the initial Business Combination
on a one-for-one basis
 subject to adjustment for stock splits
 stock dividends
 reorganizations
 recapitalizations and the like
and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock
 or equity-linked
securities
 are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing
of the initial Business Combination
 the ratio at which shares of Class&nbsp;B common stock shall convert into shares of Class&nbsp;A
common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class&nbsp;B common stock agree to
waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class&nbsp;A common
stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class&nbsp;B common stock will equal
 in the aggregate
 on an as-converted basis
20% of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering
plus all shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the Business
Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued
 or to be issued
 to any seller in the Business Combination).
Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class&nbsp;B common stock into an equal number of shares of
Class&nbsp;A common stock
 subject to adjustment as provided above
 at any time.

Preferred
&nbsp;The Company is authorized to issue 1
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.0001 per share
with such designations
 voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company&rsquo;s
board of directors. As of December 31
 2020
 there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding.

Warrants
&nbsp;As of December 31
 2020
 there were no warrants issued or outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised
for a whole number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Public
Warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a)&nbsp;30&nbsp;days after the completion of
a Business Combination or (b)&nbsp;12&nbsp;months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering; provided in each case that
the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock
issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders
to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities
Act). The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable
 but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of the
initial Business Combination
 it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC and have an effective registration
statement covering the shares of the Class&nbsp;A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and to maintain a current
prospectus relating to those shares of the Class&nbsp;A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed. If a registration
statement covering the shares of the Class&nbsp;A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the
60th&nbsp;business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination
 warrant holders may
 until such time as there is
an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration
statement
 exercise warrants on a &ldquo;cashless basis&rdquo; in accordance with Section&nbsp;3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or
another exemption.

    
    




The
warrants have an exercise price of $11.50 per share
 subject to adjustments
 and will expire five&nbsp;years after the completion
of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. In addition
 if (x)&nbsp;the Company issues additional shares
of the Class&nbsp;A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the
initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share of the Class&nbsp;A common
stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and
 (i)&nbsp;in
the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or their affiliates
 without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Initial
Stockholders or such affiliates
 as applicable
 prior to such issuance
 and (ii)&nbsp;to the extent that such issuance is made
to the Sponsor or its affiliates
 without taking into account the transfer of Founder Shares or Private Placement Warrants (including
if such transfer is effectuated as a surrender to the Company and subsequent reissuance by the Company) by the Sponsor in connection
with such issuance) (the &ldquo;Newly Issued Price&rdquo;)
 (y)&nbsp;the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent
more than 60% of the total equity proceeds
 and interest thereon
 available for the funding of the initial Business Combination
on the date of the completion of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions)
 and (z)&nbsp;the volume-weighted average
trading price of the Class&nbsp;A common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on
which the Company completes its initial Business Combination (such price
 the &ldquo;Market Value&rdquo;) is below $9.20 per share
the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value
and the Newly Issued Price
 and the $10.00 and $18.00 per share redemption trigger prices described under &ldquo;Redemption of
warrants when the price per share of Class&nbsp;A common stock equals or exceeds $10.00&rdquo; and &ldquo;Redemption of warrants
when the price per share of Class&nbsp;A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00&rdquo; will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to
be equal to 100% and 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price
 respectively.

The
Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants
 except that the Private Placement Warrants and the shares of
Class&nbsp;A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable
 assignable or salable
until 30&nbsp;days after the completion of a Business Combination
 subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally
 the Private
Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. If the Private
Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees
 the Private Placement Warrants will
be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants.

Redemption
of warrants when the price per share of Class&nbsp;A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00:

Once
the warrants become exercisable
 the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the
Private Placement Warrants):


in
                                         whole and not in part;


at
                                         a price of $0.01 per warrant;


upon
                                         a minimum of 30&nbsp;days&rsquo; prior written notice of redemption; and


if
                                         and only if
 the last reported sale price (the &ldquo;closing price&rdquo;) of Class&nbsp;A
                                         common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted) for any 20 trading days
                                         within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which
                                         the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.

The
Company will not redeem the warrants as described above unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering
the shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating
to those shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. Any such exercise would not
be on a &ldquo;cashless&rdquo; basis and would require the exercising holder to pay the exercise price for each warrant being
exercised.

Redemption
of warrants when the price per share of Class&nbsp;A common stock equals or exceeds $10.00:

Commencing
ninety days after the warrants become exercisable
 the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants:


in
                                         whole and not in part;


at
                                         $0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30&nbsp;days&rsquo; prior written notice of redemption
&nbsp;that
                                         holders will be able to exercise their warrants
 but only on a cashless basis
 prior
                                         to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to an agreed
                                         table based on the redemption date and the &ldquo;fair market value&rdquo; of Class&nbsp;A
                                         common stock;

    
    





if
                                         and only if
 the closing price of the Class&nbsp;A common stock equals or exceeds $10.00
                                         per Public Share (as adjusted) for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period
                                         ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant
                                         holders; and


if
                                         the closing price of the Class&nbsp;A common stock for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading
                                         day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends
                                         the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than $18.00 per share (as adjusted)
                                         the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the
                                         same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants
 as described above.

The
 &ldquo;fair market value&rdquo; of Class&nbsp;A common stock for the above purpose shall mean the volume weighted average price
of Class&nbsp;A common stock during the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day immediately following the date on which
the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this
redemption feature for more than 0.361 shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment).

In
no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account
 holders of warrants will not receive
any of such funds with respect to their warrants
 nor will they receive any distribution from the Company&rsquo;s assets held
outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly
 the warrants may expire worthless.

Note
7 &mdash; Subsequent Events

The
Company evaluated events that have occurred after the balance sheet date through the date on which the financial statements are
issued. Based upon this review
 the Company did not identify any subsequent events
 except as noted above in Note 1
 3
 4
 5 and
6
 that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.

    













     





DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

The
following summary of the material terms of the securities of Star Peak Corp II (&ldquo;we
&rdquo;&ldquo;us
&rdquo;&ldquo;our&rdquo;
or &ldquo;the company&rdquo;) is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities and is
subject to and qualified by reference to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association incorporated by reference
as an exhibit to the company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2020 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
and applicable Delaware law. We urge you to read our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association in their entirety
for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities.

Certain
Terms

Unless
otherwise stated in this exhibit
 or the context otherwise requires
 references to:


&ldquo;common
                                         stock&rdquo; are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock
 collectively;


&ldquo;founder
                                         shares&rdquo; are to shares of our Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor
                                         in a private placement prior to our initial public offering
 and the shares of our Class
                                         A common stock issued upon the conversion thereof as provided herein;


&ldquo;initial
                                         stockholders&rdquo; are to our sponsor and any other holders of our founder shares prior
                                         to our initial public offering (or their permitted transferees);


&ldquo;management&rdquo;
                                         or our &ldquo;management team&rdquo; are to our officers and directors;


&ldquo;private
                                         placement warrants&rdquo; are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement
                                         simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering;


&ldquo;public
                                         shares&rdquo; are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in
                                         our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering
                                         or thereafter in the open market);


&ldquo;public
                                         stockholders&rdquo; are to the holders of our public shares
 including
 without limitation
                                         our initial stockholders and members of our management team to the extent our initial
                                         stockholders and/or members of our management team have purchased public shares
 provided
                                         that each initial stockholder&rsquo;s and member of our management team&rsquo;s status
                                         as a &ldquo;public stockholder&rdquo; shall only exist with respect to such public shares;


&ldquo;public
                                         warrants&rdquo; are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial
                                         public offering (whether they are purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter
                                         in the open market)
 to the private placement warrants if held by third parties other
                                         than our sponsor (or permitted transferees)
 and to any private placement warrants issued
                                         upon conversion of working capital loans that are sold to third parties that are not
                                         initial purchasers or executive officers or directors (or permitted transferees)
 in
                                         each case
 following the consummation of our initial business combination;


&ldquo;sponsor&rdquo;
                                         are to Star Peak Sponsor II LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company;


&ldquo;warrants&rdquo;
                                         are to our redeemable warrants
 which includes the public warrants as well as the private
                                         placement warrants to the extent they are no longer held by the initial purchasers of
                                         the private placement warrants or their permitted transferees; and


&ldquo;we
&rdquo;
                                         &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;company&rdquo; or &ldquo;our company&rdquo; are to Star Peak
                                         Corp II.

    
    



Pursuant
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 our authorized capital stock consists of 400
000
000 shares of Class
A common stock
 $0.0001 par value per share
 40
000
000 shares of Class B common stock
 $0.0001 par value
 and 1
000
000 shares
of undesignated preferred stock
 $0.0001 par value per share. The following description summarizes the material terms of our capital
stock as set out more particularly in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Because it is only a summary
 it
may not contain all the information that is important to you.



Each
unit consists of one whole share of Class A common stock and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles
the holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share
 subject to adjustment as
described in the registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333- 251488). A warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole
number of shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant
holder. No fractional warrants will be issued and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly
 unless you purchase at least three
units
 you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant.

The
Class A Common Stock and Warrants began separate trading on February 26
 2021. Holders of the Units have the option to continue
to hold Units or separate their Units into the component securities. Holders need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent
in order to separate the Units into shares of Class A Common Stock and Warrants.

Common
Stock

Upon
the closing of our initial public offering
 there were 43
750
000 shares of our common stock outstanding
 consisting of:


35
000
000
                                         shares of our Class A common stock underlying the Units being offered in our initial
                                         public offering; and


8
750
000
                                         shares of Class B common stock held by our sponsor.

Common
stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of
the Class A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted
to a vote of our stockholders
 except as required by law.

Unless
specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws
 or as required by applicable provisions of the General
Corporation Law of Delaware
 as amended (the &ldquo;DGCL&rdquo;) or applicable stock exchange rules
 the affirmative vote of a
majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our
board of directors is divided into three classes
 each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class
of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors
 with the result
that the holders of more than 50% of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders
are entitled to receive ratable dividends when
 as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor.
Prior to our initial business combination
 only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors.
Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. In addition
 prior to
the completion of an initial business combination
 holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board
of directors for any reason.

Because
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 400
000
000 shares of Class A common stock
if we were to enter into an initial business combination
 we may (depending on the terms of such an initial business combination)
be required to increase the number of shares of Class A common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our
stockholders vote on the initial business combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial
business combination.

    
    

Our
board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except
for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with
NYSE corporate governance requirements
 we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one full year after
our first fiscal year end following our listing on NYSE. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL
 we are
 however
 required to hold an
annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws
 unless such election is made
by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to
the consummation of our initial business combination
 and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL
 which
requires an annual meeting. Therefore
 if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our
initial business combination
 they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery
in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination
 any vacancy on the
board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition
 prior to the
completion of an initial business combination
 holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of
directors for any reason.

Prior
to our initial business combination
 only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors.
Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. In addition
 prior to
the completion of an initial business combination
 holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board
of directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended by
a resolution passed by a majority of our Class B common stock.

We
will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our
initial business combination at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination including interest earned
on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes
 including franchise and income taxes
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares
 subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust
account is initially anticipated to be approximately $10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors
who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions we will pay to the
underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to validly
redeem its shares. Our sponsor
 officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us
 pursuant to which they have
agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with
the completion of our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires these tender
offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the
redemption rights as is required under the SEC&rsquo;s proxy rules. If
 however
 stockholder approval of the transaction is required
by law
 or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons
 we will
 like many blank check companies
offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer
rules. If we seek stockholder approval
 we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding
shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of
the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the
voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting.

However
the participation of our sponsor
 officers
 directors
 advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described
in this exhibit)
 if any
 could result in the approval of our business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders
vote
 or indicate their intention to vote
 against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority
of our outstanding shares of common stock voted
 non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination
once a quorum is obtained. We will give not less than 10 days prior written notice of any such meeting
 if required
 at which
a vote shall be taken to approve our business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds
 and the voting agreements of our
initial stockholders
 may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination.

    
    

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public
stockholder
 together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert
or as a &ldquo;group&rdquo; (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act)
 will be restricted from redeeming its shares with
respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares of common stock sold in our initial public offering
 which we refer to
as the Excess Shares. However
 we would not be restricting our stockholders&rsquo; ability to vote all of their shares (including
Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Our stockholders&rsquo; inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce
their influence over our ability to complete our business combination
 and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their
investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally
 such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions
with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business combination. And
 as a result
 such stockholders will continue to
hold that number of shares exceeding 15% and
 in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market
transactions
 potentially at a loss.

If
we seek stockholder approval in connection with our business combination
 our initial stockholders have agreed to vote their founder
shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination.
As a result
 in addition to our initial stockholders&rsquo; founder shares
 we would need only 13
125
001
 or 37.5%
 of the 35
000
000
public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of the business combination (assuming all outstanding shares
are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved. Additionally
 each public stockholder may elect to redeem
its public shares irrespective of whether it votes for or against the proposed transaction (subject to the limitation described
in the preceding paragraph).

Pursuant
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within
24 months from the closing of our initial public offering (subject to our ability to seek an extension of such 24-month period
as described herein)
 we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor
 redeem the public shares
 at a per-share
price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds
held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes
 including franchise and income taxes (less up to
$100
000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses)
 divided by the number of then outstanding public shares
 which redemption will
completely extinguish public stockholders&rsquo; rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions
if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval
of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors
 dissolve and liquidate
 subject in each case to our obligations under
Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor
 officers and directors
have entered into a letter agreement with us
 pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering. However
 if our sponsor
 officers or directors acquire public
shares in or after our initial public offering
 they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our business combination within the prescribed time period.

In
the event of a liquidation
 dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination
 our stockholders are entitled
to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is
made for each class of stock
 if any
 having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription
rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock
 except that we will provide our public stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account
 upon the completion of our initial business combination
 subject to the limitations described herein.

    
    

Founder
Shares

The
founder shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units sold in our initial public offering
and holders of founder shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders
 except that (i) the founder shares are
subject to certain transfer restrictions
 as described in more detail below
 (ii) our sponsor
 officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with us
 pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder
shares and public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and a stockholder
vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (x) that would modify the substance or timing
of our obligation to provide holders of shares of Class A common stock the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with
our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of the initial public offering or (y) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights
of holders of our Class A common stock and (B) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing
of our initial public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect
to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame)
 (iii)
the founder shares are shares of our Class B common stock that will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock
at the time of our initial business combination
 or at any time prior thereto at the option of the holder
 on a one-for-one basis
subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights
 as described herein
 and (iv) are entitled to registration rights.
If we submit our business combination to our public stockholders for a vote
 our initial stockholders have agreed to vote any
founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial
business combination.

The
shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business
combination on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment for stock splits
 stock dividends
 reorganizations
 recapitalizations
and the like)
 and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock
or equity-linked securities
 are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts sold in the final prospectus and related to
the closing of the business combination
 the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class
A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive
such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable
upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal
 in the aggregate
 on an as-converted basis
 20% of the sum of
the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering plus all shares of Class
A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the business combination (excluding any
shares or equity-linked securities issued
 or to be issued
 to any seller in the business combination. Holders of founder shares
may also elect to convert their shares of Class B common stock into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock
 subject
to adjustment as provided above
 at any time.

With
certain limited exceptions
 the founder shares are not transferable
 assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors
and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor
 each of whom are subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the
earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination
(x) if the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits
 stock dividends
reorganizations
 recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least
150 days after our initial business combination
 or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation
 merger
 capital stock exchange
reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares
of common stock for cash
 securities or other property.

Prior
to our initial business combination
 only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors.
Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. In addition
 prior to
the completion of an initial business combination
 holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board
of directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended by
a resolution passed by a majority of our Class B common stock. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders
including any vote in connection with our initial business combination
 except as required by law
 holders of our founder shares
and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class
 with each share entitling the holder to one vote.

    
    



We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of
an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings
if any
 capital requirements and general financial conditions subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The
payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors
at such time. Further
 if we incur any indebtedness
 our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith.

Preferred
Stock

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one
or more series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights
 if any
 designations
 powers
 preferences
 the
relative
 participating
 optional or other special rights and any qualifications
 limitations and restrictions thereof
 applicable
to the shares of each series. Our board of directors is able to
 without stockholder approval
 issue preferred stock with voting
and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have
anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have
the effect of delaying
 deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred
stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock
 we cannot assure
you that we will not do so in the future. No shares of preferred stock were issued or registered in our initial public offering.



Public
Stockholders&rsquo; Warrants

Each
whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share
subject to adjustment as discussed below
 at any time commencing on the later of one year from the closing of our initial public
offering or 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination
 except as discussed in the immediately succeeding
paragraph. Pursuant to the warrant agreement
 a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of
Class A common stock. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement
 which has been filed with the SEC
 for a complete description
of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a
warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly
unless you purchase at least three units
 you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five
years after the completion of our initial business combination
 at 5:00 p.m.
 New York City time
 or earlier upon redemption or
liquidation.

We
will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A
common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current
 subject to our satisfying
our obligations described below with respect to registration
 or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant
will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a share of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless the
Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered
 qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities
laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately
preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant
 the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such
warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant.
In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants
 the purchaser of a unit containing such
warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit.

    
    

We
have agreed that as soon as practicable
 but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business
combination
 we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration
under the Securities Act
 of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants
 and we will use our commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination
and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A
common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed
 as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that if our Class A common
stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition
of a &ldquo;covered security&rdquo; under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act
 we may
 at our option
 require holders of public
warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a &ldquo;cashless basis&rdquo; in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act and
 in the event we so elect
 we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement
 but we will
use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption
is not available. If a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants
 day after the closing of the initial business combination
 warrant holders may
 until
such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective
registration statement
 exercise warrants on a &ldquo;cashless basis&rdquo; in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act or another exemption
 but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable
blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event
 each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering
the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x)
the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants
 multiplied by the excess of the &ldquo;fair
market value&rdquo; (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361. The &ldquo;fair
market value&rdquo; as used in this paragraph shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A common stock for the
10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent.

Redemption
of Warrants if the Price Per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds $18.00

Once
the warrants become exercisable
 we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private
placement warrants):


in
                                         whole and not in part;


at
                                         a price of $0.01 per warrant;


upon
                                         a minimum of 30 days&rsquo; prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder;
                                         and


if
                                         and only if
 the closing price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per
                                         share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or
                                         the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period
                                         ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.

We
will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering issuance of
the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating
to those shares of Class A common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become
redeemable by us
 we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities
under all applicable state securities laws.

We
have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time
of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. Any such exercise would not be done on a &ldquo;cashless&rdquo;
basis and would require the exercising warrant holder to pay the exercise price for each warrant being exercised. If the foregoing
conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants
 each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise
his
 her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However
 the price of the Class A common stock may fall below
the $18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits
 stock dividends
 reorganizations
 recapitalizations and the
like) as well as the $11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued.

    
    

Redemption
of Warrants when the Price Per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds $10.00

Once
the warrants become exercisable
 we may redeem the outstanding warrants:


in
                                         whole and not in part;


at
                                         $0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30&nbsp;days&rsquo; prior written notice of redemption
&nbsp;that
                                         holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption
                                         and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below
 based on
                                         the redemption date and the &ldquo;fair market value&rdquo; of our Class&nbsp;A common
                                         stock (as defined below) except as otherwise described below;


if
                                         and only if
 the closing price of our Class&nbsp;A common stock equals or exceeds $10.00
                                         per public share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise
                                         or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day
                                         period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant
                                         holders; and


if
                                         the closing price of the Class&nbsp;A common stock for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading
                                         day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice
                                         of redemption to the warrant holders is less than $18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments
                                         to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant)
 the
                                         private placement warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same
                                         terms as the outstanding public warrants
 as described above.

Beginning
on the date the notice of redemption is given until the warrants are redeemed or exercised
 holders may elect to exercise their
warrants on a cashless basis. The numbers in the table below represent the number of shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock that
a warrant holder will receive upon such cashless exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature
based on the &ldquo;fair market value&rdquo; of our Class&nbsp;A common stock on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders
elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for $0.10 per warrant)
 determined for these purposes based
on volume-weighted average price of our Class&nbsp;A common stock during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on
which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants
 and the number of&nbsp;months that the corresponding redemption
date precedes the expiration date of the warrants
 each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our warrant holders with
the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends.

Pursuant
to the warrant agreement
 references above to shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock shall include a security other than shares of
Class&nbsp;A common stock into which the shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock have been converted or exchanged for in the event
we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination. The numbers in the table below will not be adjusted when
determining the number of shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock to be issued upon exercise of the warrants if we are not the surviving
entity following our initial business combination.

    
    

The
share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares
issuable upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise
of a warrant is adjusted
 the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the share prices immediately prior to such
adjustment
 multiplied by a fraction
 the numerator of which is the exercise price of the warrant after such adjustment and the
denominator of which is the exercise price of the warrant immediately prior to such adjustment. In such an event
 the number of
shares in the table below shall be adjusted by multiplying such share amounts by a fraction
 the numerator of which is the number
of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number
of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. If the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted as a result of
raising capital in connection with the initial business combination pursuant to the fifth paragraph under the heading &ldquo;&mdash;Anti-dilution
Adjustments&rdquo; in the registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-251488)
 the adjusted share prices in the column headings
will equal the unadjusted share price multiplied by a fraction
 the numerator of which is the higher of the Market Value and the
Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading &ldquo;&mdash;Anti-dilution Adjustments&rdquo; and the denominator of which
is $10.00.



    
    
Fair
    Market Value of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock

Redemption
    Date
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

The
exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above
 in which case
 if the fair market value is
between two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table
 the number of shares of Class&nbsp;A
common stock to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of
shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates
 as applicable
 based
on a 365 or 366-day year
 as applicable. For example
 if the volume weighted average price of our Class&nbsp;A common stock during
the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is
$11.00 per share
 and at such time there are 57&nbsp;months until the expiration of the warrants
 holders may choose to
 in connection
with this redemption feature
 exercise their warrants for 0.277 shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock for each whole warrant. For
an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the table above
 if the volume weighted
average price of our Class&nbsp;A common stock during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of
redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is $13.50 per share
 and at such time there are 38&nbsp;months until the expiration
of the warrants
 holders may choose to
 in connection with this redemption feature
 exercise their warrants for 0.298 shares of
Class&nbsp;A common stock for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection
with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). Finally
as reflected in the table above
 if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire
 they cannot be exercised on a cashless
basis in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature
 since they will not be exercisable for any shares
of Class&nbsp;A common stock.

This
redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the Class&nbsp;A common stock
is trading at or above $10.00 per public share
 which may be at a time when the trading price of our Class&nbsp;A common stock
is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to
redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the $18.00 per share threshold. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants
in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will
 in effect
 receive a number of shares for their warrants based
on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of the date of the initial public offering. This redemption right
provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants
 and therefore have certainty as to
our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required
to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us
to quickly proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such
 we would redeem
the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants
and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders.

As
stated above
 we can redeem the warrants when the Class&nbsp;A common stock is trading at a price starting at $10.00
 which is
below the exercise price of $11.50
 because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position
while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number
of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the Class&nbsp;A common stock is trading at a price below the exercise price
of the warrants
 this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock than they would
have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock if and when the Class&nbsp;A
common stock was trading at a price higher than the exercise price of $11.50.

No
fractional shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock will be issued upon exercise. If
 upon exercise
 a holder would be entitled to
receive a fractional interest in a share
 we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of shares of Class&nbsp;A
common stock to be issued to the holder. If
 at the time of redemption
 the warrants are exercisable for a security other than
the shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance
 if we are not the surviving company in
our initial business combination)
 the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable
for a security other than the Class&nbsp;A common stock
 the Company (or surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable
efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants.

    
    

Ownership
Limit

A
holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have
the right to exercise such warrant
 to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise
 such person (together with such person&rsquo;s
affiliates)
 to the warrant agent&rsquo;s actual knowledge
 would beneficially own in excess of 9.8% (or such other amount as
a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise.

Anti-Dilution
Adjustments

If
the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A common
stock
 or by a split-up of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event
 then
 on the effective date of such stock dividend
split-up or similar event
 the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased
in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of Class A common stock. A rights offering made to all or substantially
all holders of Class A common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a price less than the historical
fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the product of (i) the
number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities
sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for shares of Class A common stock) and (ii) one minus the
quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A common stock paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value.
For these purposes
 (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of Class A common
stock
 in determining the price payable for Class A common stock
 there will be taken into account any consideration received
for such rights
 as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value means
the volume weighted average price of the Class A common stock as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading
day prior to the first date on which the shares of Class A common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable
market
 regular way
 without the right to receive such rights.

In
addition
 if we
 at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired
 pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash
securities or other assets to all or substantially all of the holders of the shares of Class A common stock on account of such
shares of Class A common stock (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible)
 other than (a) as described above
(b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which
 when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash
distributions paid on the shares of Class A common stock during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend
or distribution does not exceed $0.10 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends
or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of shares of Class A common stock
issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions
equal to or less than $0.10 per share
 (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of shares of Class A common stock in
connection with a proposed initial business combination
 (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of shares of Class
A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify
the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem
100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our initial
public offering or (ii) with respect to any other provisions relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock or
pre-initial business combination activity
 or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete
our initial business combination
 then the warrant exercise price will be decreased
 effective immediately after the effective
date of such event
 by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of
Class A common stock in respect of such event.

If
the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation
 combination
 reverse stock split or
reclassification of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event
 then
 on the effective date of such consolidation
combination
 reverse stock split
 reclassification or similar event
 the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on
exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock.

    
    

Whenever
the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted
 as described above
 the
warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction
(x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants
immediately prior to such adjustment
 and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so
purchasable immediately thereafter.

In
addition
 if (x) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in
connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20
per share of our Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board
of directors and
 in the case of any such issuance to our sponsors or their affiliates
 without taking into account any founder
shares held by our initial stockholders or such affiliates
 as applicable
 prior to such issuance (the &ldquo;Newly Issued Price&rdquo;))
(y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds
 and interest thereon
available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination
(net of redemptions)
 and (z) the volume-weighted average trading price of our Class A common stock during the 20 trading day
period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we complete our initial business combination (such price
 the &ldquo;Market
Value&rdquo;) is below $9.20 per share
 the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal
to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price
 and the $10.00 and $18.00 per share redemption trigger prices
described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 100% and 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the
Newly Issued Price
 respectively.

In
case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock (other than those described above
or that solely affects the par value of such shares of Class A common stock)
 or in the case of any merger or consolidation of
us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that
does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock)
 or in the case of
any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially
as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved
 the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase
and receive
 upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the shares of Class A common
stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby
 the kind and amount
of shares of Class A common stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification
 reorganization
merger or consolidation
 or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer
 that the holder of the warrants would have
received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. However
 if such holders were entitled to
exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities
 cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or
merger
 then the kind and amount of securities
 cash or other assets for which each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed
to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively
make such election
 and if a tender
 exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders (other than a
tender
 exchange or redemption offer made by the company in connection with redemption rights held by stockholders of the company
as provided for in the company&rsquo;s amended and restated certificate of incorporation or as a result of the redemption of shares
of Class A common stock by the company if a proposed initial business combination is presented to the stockholders of the company
for approval) under circumstances in which
 upon completion of such tender or exchange offer
 the maker thereof
 together with
members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part
 and together
with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any
such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part
 own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange
Act) more than 50% of the issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock
 the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive
the highest amount of cash
 securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a stockholder
if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer
 accepted such offer
and all of the shares of Class A common stock held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer
subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the
adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement.

    
    

If
less than 70% of the consideration receivable by the holders of shares of Class A common stock in such a transaction is payable
in the form of shares of Class A common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange
or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market
 or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such
event
 and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure
of such transaction
 the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes
value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional
value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant
to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants.

The
warrants have been issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company
as warrant agent
 and us. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement
 which was filed as an exhibit to the registration
statement for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants.

The
warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of
(i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake
 including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description
of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in this prospectus
 or defective provision
 (ii) amending the
provisions relating to cash dividends on shares of common stock as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement
or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties
to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered
holders of the warrants
 provided that the approval by the holders of at least 65% of the then-outstanding public warrants is
required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants.

The
warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent
 with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated
 accompanied
by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis
 if applicable)
 by certified or official bank check payable to
us
 for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A
common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance
of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of the warrants
 each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held
of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders.

No
fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If
 upon exercise of the warrants
 a holder would be entitled
to receive a fractional interest in a share
 we will
 upon exercise
 round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class
A common stock to be issued to the warrant holder.

We
have agreed that
 subject to applicable law
 any action
 proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way
to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York
 and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction
 which jurisdiction will be the exclusive
forum for any such action
 proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to
claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole
and exclusive forum.

Private
Placement Warrants

The
private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) are not
transferable
 assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except
 among other
limited exceptions as described under the section of the final prospectus relating to our initial public offering entitled &ldquo;Principal
Stockholders &mdash; Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants
&rdquo; to our officers and directors
and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor) and they are not redeemable under certain redemption scenarios by us
so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. Otherwise
 the private placement warrants have terms and
provisions that are identical to those of the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering
 including as
to exercise price
 exercisability and exercise period. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the sponsor
or its permitted transferees
 the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us under all redemption scenarios and exercisable
by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units sold in our initial public offering.

    
    

If
holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis
 they would pay the exercise price by surrendering
their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of
the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants
 multiplied by the excess of the &ldquo;Sponsor fair market
value&rdquo; (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the Sponsor fair market value. The &ldquo;Sponsor
fair market value&rdquo; shall mean the average reported closing price of the Class&nbsp;A common stock for the 10 trading days
ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason
that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the sponsor or its
permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination.
If they remain affiliated with us
 their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect
to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during
such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities
 an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or
she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly
 unlike public stockholders who could sell the shares of
Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants freely in the open market
 the insiders could be significantly restricted
from doing so. As a result
 we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate.

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination
 our sponsor or an affiliate of
our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may
 but are not obligated to
 loan us funds as may be required. If we complete
our initial business combination
 we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account. In the even that
our initial business combination does not close
 we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to
repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to $1
500
000
of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of $1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would
be identical to the private placement warrants
 including as to exercise price
 exercisability and exercise period.

Our
sponsor has agreed not to transfer
 assign or sell any of the private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of any of these warrants) until the date that is 30 days after the date we complete our initial business combination
except that
 among other limited exceptions as described under the section of the final prospectus entitled &ldquo;Principal Stockholders
 &mdash; Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants&rdquo; made to our officers and directors and
other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor

Listing
of Securities

Our
units
 Class A common stock and warrants are listed on NYSE under the symbols &ldquo;STPC.U&rdquo;
 &ldquo;STPC&rdquo; and &ldquo;STPC
WS&rdquo; respectively.

Our
Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent

The
transfer agent for our common stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company. We have
agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent
 its agents
and each of its stockholders
 directors
 officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed
or omitted for its activities in that capacity
 except for any liability due to any gross negligence
 willful misconduct or bad
faith of the indemnified person or entity. Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company has agreed that it has no right of set-off
or any right
 title
 interest or claim of any kind to
 or to any monies in
 the trust account
 and has irrevocably waived any
right
 title
 interest or claim of any kind to
 or any monies in
 the trust account that it may have now or in the future. Accordingly
any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied
 or a claim will only be able to be pursued
 solely against us
and our assets outside the trust account and not against any monies in the trust account or interest earned thereon.

    
    

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering
that apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval
of the holders of 65% of our common stock. Our initial stockholders
 who collectively beneficially own 20% of our common stock
upon the closing of our initial public offering
 participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides
 among other things
 that:


If
                                         we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the
                                         closing of our initial public offering
 we will (i) cease all operations except for the
                                         purpose of winding up
 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten
                                         business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor
 redeem 100% of
                                         the public shares
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount
                                         then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the
                                         trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes
 including franchise
                                         and income taxes (less up to $100
000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses)
 divided
                                         by the number of then outstanding public shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish
                                         public stockholders&rsquo; rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further
                                         liquidating distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
 and (iii) as promptly
                                         as reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval of our remaining
                                         stockholders and our board of directors
 dissolve and liquidate
 subject in each case
                                         to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
                                         of other applicable law;


Prior
                                         to our initial business combination
 we may not issue additional shares of capital stock
                                         that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or
                                         (ii) vote on any initial business combination;


Although
                                         we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is
                                         affiliated with our sponsor
 our directors or our officers
 we are not prohibited from
                                         doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction
 we
 or a committee of independent
                                         directors
 will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent
                                         accounting firm that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial
                                         point of view;


If
                                         a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we
                                         do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons
 we will
                                         offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange
                                         Act
 and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial
                                         business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information
                                         about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under
                                         Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act;


Our
                                         initial business combination must occur with one or more target business that together
                                         have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% or our assets held in the trust account
                                         (excluding the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and funds previously released
                                         to us to pay taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of
                                         the agreement to enter into the initial business combination;


If
                                         our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
                                         that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public
                                         shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from
                                         the closing of our initial public offering
 we will provide our public stockholders with
                                         the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon
                                         such approval at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then
                                         on deposit in the trust account
 including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
                                         account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes
 including franchise and income
                                         taxes
 divided by the number of then outstanding public shares; and

    
    


We
                                         will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company
                                         or a similar company with nominal operations.&nbsp;

In
addition
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public
shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5
000
001 upon consummation of our initial business
combination and after payment of underwriters&rsquo; fees and commissions.

Certain
Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws

We
have opted out of Section 203 of the DGCL. However
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains similar provisions
providing that we may not engage in certain &ldquo;business combinations&rdquo; with any &ldquo;interested stockholder&rdquo;
for a three-year period following the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder
 unless:


prior
                                         to such time
 our board of directors approved either the business combination or the
                                         transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder;


upon
                                         consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested
                                         stockholder
 the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of our voting stock outstanding
                                         at the time the transaction commenced
 excluding certain shares; or


at
                                         or subsequent to that time
 the business combination is approved by our board of directors
                                         and by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66-2/3% of the outstanding voting
                                         stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder.

Generally
a &ldquo;business combination&rdquo; includes a merger
 asset or stock sale or certain other transactions resulting in a financial
benefit to the interested stockholder. Subject to certain exceptions
 an &ldquo;interested stockholder&rdquo; is a person who
together with that person&rsquo;s affiliates and associates
 owns
 or within the previous three years owned
 20% or more of our
voting stock.

Under
certain circumstances
 this provision will make it more difficult for a person who would be an &ldquo;interested stockholder&rdquo;
to effect various business combinations with a corporation for a three-year period. This provision may encourage companies interested
in acquiring our company to negotiate in advance with our board of directors because the stockholder approval requirement would
be avoided if our board of directors approves either the business combination or the transaction which results in the stockholder
becoming an interested stockholder. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our board of directors
and may make it more difficult to accomplish transactions which stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests.

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our sponsor and its respective affiliates
 any of their respective
direct or indirect transferees of at least 20% of our outstanding common stock and any group as to which such persons are party
to
 do not constitute &ldquo;interested stockholders&rdquo; for purposes of this provision.

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors.
As a result
 in most circumstances
 a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at
two or more annual meetings.

Our
authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could
be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes
 including future offerings to raise additional capital
 acquisitions and employee
benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult
or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest
 tender offer
 merger or otherwise.&nbsp;

    
    

Exclusive
Forum For Certain Lawsuits

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires
 to the fullest extent permitted by law
 that derivative actions brought
in our name
 actions against directors
 officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought
only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware
 and if brought outside of Delaware
 the stockholder bringing the suit
will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder&rsquo;s counsel. Although we believe this provision
benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies
the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Despite the fact that our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision is applicable to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any
duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder and Section 22 of the Securities Act creates
concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities
Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result
 the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce
any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act
 Securities Act
 or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive
jurisdiction.

Special
meeting of stockholders

Our
bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors
 by our
Chief Executive Officer or by our Chairman.

Advance
notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations

Our
bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders
 or to nominate candidates
for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders
 must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be
timely
 a stockholder&rsquo;s notice will need to be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not
&nbsp;day
prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange
Act
 proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws
also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders&rsquo; meeting. These provisions may preclude our
stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual
meeting of stockholders.

Action
by written consent

Subsequent
to the consummation of the offering
 any action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected
by a duly called annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders
other than with respect to our Class B common stock.

Classified
Board of Directors

Our
board of directors is divided into three classes
 Class I
 Class II and Class III
 with members of each class serving staggered
three-year terms. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the authorized number of directors may be
changed only by resolution of the board of directors. Subject to the terms of any preferred stock
 any or all of the directors
may be removed from office at any time
 but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting
power of all then outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors
 voting together
as a single class. Any vacancy on our board of directors
 including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors
may be filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office.

    
    

Class
B Common Stock Consent Right

For
so long as any shares of Class B common stock remain outstanding
 we may not
 without the prior vote or written consent of the
holders of a majority of the shares of Class B common stock then outstanding
 voting separately as a single class
 amend
 alter
or repeal any provision of our certificate of incorporation
 whether by merger
 consolidation or otherwise
 if such amendment
alteration or repeal would alter or change the powers
 preferences or relative
 participating
 optional or other or special rights
of the Class B common stock. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class B common stock
may be taken without a meeting
 without prior notice and without a vote
 if a consent or consents in writing
 setting forth the
action so taken
 shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding Class B common stock having not less than the minimum number
of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of Class B common stock were
present and voted.

Securities
Eligible for Future Sale

We
have 43
750
000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Of these shares
 the 35
000
000 shares of Class A common stock
sold in our initial public offering are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act
except for any shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining
8
750
000 Class B common stock and all 6
028
454 private placement warrants are restricted securities under Rule 144
 in that
they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering. These restricted securities are entitled to registration
rights as more fully described below under &ldquo;&mdash; Registration and Shareholder Rights.&rdquo;

Rule
144

Pursuant
to Rule 144
 a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months would
be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time
of
 or at any time during the three months preceding
 a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements
for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale.

Persons
who have beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates
at the time of
 or at any time during the three months preceding
 a sale
 would be subject to additional restrictions
 by which
such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater
of:


1%
                                         of the total number of shares of Class A common stock then outstanding
 which equals
                                         437
500 shares immediately after our initial public offering; or


the
                                         average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A common stock during the four calendar
                                         weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale.

Sales
by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability
of current public information about us.

Restrictions
on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies

Rule
144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related
shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However
 Rule 144 also includes an important
exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met:


the
                                         issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;


the
                                         issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
                                         of the Exchange Act;

    
    


the
                                         issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and materials required to
                                         be filed
 as applicable
 during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that
                                         the issuer was required to file such reports and materials)
 other than Current Reports
                                         on Form 8-K; and


at
                                         least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information
                                         with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.

As
a result
 our initial stockholders are able to sell their founder shares and private placement warrants
 as applicable
 pursuant
to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination.

Registration
and Shareholder Rights

The
holders of the founder shares
 private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans
(and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the conversion of such founder shares or exercise of such private placement
warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans pursuant to the terms of such securities) are
entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement dated January 8
 2021
 between the
Company and certain security holders
 requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the founder shares
only after conversion to our Class A common stock). The holders of the majority of these securities are entitled to make up to
three demands
 excluding short form demands
 that we register such securities. In addition
 the holders have certain &ldquo;piggy-back&rdquo;
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination
and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However
 the registration
and shareholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to
become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period
 which occurs (a) in the case of the founder shares
 on the
earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our business combination
(i) if the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits
 stock dividends
reorganizations
 recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least
150 days after our initial business combination or (ii) the date on which we complete a liquidation
 merger
 capital stock exchange
reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares
of common stock for cash
 securities or other property and (b) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective
Class A common stock underlying such warrants
 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear
the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

In
addition
 pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement
 our sponsor
 upon consummation of an initial business
combination
 will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors so long as the sponsor and
its permitted transferees continue to hold at least 50% of the number of founder shares held by the sponsor immediately prior
to the closing of our initial public offering and after any forfeiture of its founder shares.

    













     





Certification
of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)


I
Eric Scheyer
 certify that:

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31
 2020 of Star Peak Corp II.;

Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;

4.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The
registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared;

Designed such internal control over financial
reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially
affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and

    
    

The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s
ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;

Date:
March 30
 2021



    
/s/
    Eric Scheyer


    
    


    
    


    
(Principal Executive
    Officer)



    













     





Certification
of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)


I
Michael D. Wilds
 certify that:

I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31
 2020 of Star Peak Corp II;

Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;

The
registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared;

Designed such internal control over financial
reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially
affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and

    
    

The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s
ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;

Date:
March 30
 2021



    
/s/
    Michael D. Wilds


    
    


    
Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting
    Officer


    
(Principal Financial
    and Accounting Officer)



    













     





Certification of Principal Executive
Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted



 as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 I
 Eric Scheyer
 Chief Executive Officer of Star Peak Corp II (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
hereby certify
 that
 to my knowledge:

the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2020 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) of the Company fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and

the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company.


 2021



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



    













     





Certification
of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted


Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 I
 Michael D. Wilds
 Chief Financial
Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of Star Peak Corp II (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 hereby certify
 that
 to my knowledge:

the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31
 2020 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and

the information contained in the Report fairly
presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date:
March 30
 2021



    
/s/
    Michael D. Wilds


    
    


    
Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting
    Officer


    
(Principal Financial
    and Accounting Officer)



    






