

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-004295
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		46
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210218
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210218
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Andina Acquisition Corp. III
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001691936
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38785
		FILM NUMBER:		21650772
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 WEST 57TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2223
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10107
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-565-3861
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 WEST 57TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2223
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10107










     



















    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        


        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        



      


      




          


          




      

    
    
    
    






UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM


(Mark
One)



For
December 31
 2020




For
the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission
File Number 

Andina
Acquisition Corp. III
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



Cayman
    Islands
    
N/A


(State
    or other jurisdiction of
    
    
(I.R.S.
                                         Employer
Identification
        No.)




Calle
                                         113 # 7-45 Torre B
        
        
        
        
    
    

(Address
    of principal executive offices)
    
(Zip
    Code)


Registrant&#8217;s
telephone number
 including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 



Title
    of Each Class:
    
Trading
    Symbol(s)
    
Name
    of Each Exchange on Which Registered:

Units
    each consisting of one ordinary share
 one right
 and one redeemable warrant
    
    
    
The
    

Ordinary
    Shares
 par value $0.0001 per share
    
    
    
The
    

Rights
    each to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share
    
    
    
The
    

Redeemable
    warrants
 exercisable for ordinary shares at a price of $11.50 per share
    
    
    
The
    


Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes &#9744; 
&#9746;

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes
&#9744; 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See definition of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
 &#8220;smaller
reporting company&#8221; and &#8220;emerging growth company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



Large
    
    
    
    

Non-accelerated
    filer
    
Smaller
    reporting company
    

Emerging
    growth company 
    
    
    


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management&#8217;s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

As
of June 30
2020
 the last day of the registrant&#8217;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 the aggregate market value
of the ordinary shares outstanding
 other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant
 computed
by reference to the closing price for the ordinary shares on June 30
 2020
 as reported on the NASDAQ Capital Market
142
562
700

As
of February 18
 2021
4
417

ordinary shares
 par value $0.0001 per
share
 of the registrant issued and outstanding.




    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Item 5. Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
    

    
    

    
    

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.
    

    
    

    
    

PART
    IV
    

Item 15. Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules.
    

    
    



    
    


Unless
otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 references to:



    
    
&#8220;we
&#8221;
    &#8220;us&#8221; or &#8220;our company&#8221; refers to Andina Acquisition Corp. III;

    
    
    

    
    
&#8220;amended
    and restated memorandum and articles of association&#8221; are to our memorandum and articles of association;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
&#8220;Companies
    Law&#8221; are to the Companies Law (2020 Revision) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time;

    
    
    

    
    
&#8220;initial
    shareholders&#8221; refers to all of our shareholders immediately prior to our initial public offering
 including our officers
    and directors and the underwriters in our initial public offering to the extent they hold such shares;

    
    
    

    
    
&#8220;insider
    shares&#8221; refers to the ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders prior to our initial public offering;

    
    
    

    
    
&#8220;management&#8221;
    or our &#8220;management team&#8221; are to our officers and directors;

    
    
    

    
    
&#8220;private
    units&#8221; refer to the units issued to our initial shareholders in a private placement simultaneously with the closing
    of our initial public offering and &#8220;private shares
&#8221; &#8220;private rights&#8221; and &#8220;private warrants&#8221;
    refer to the shares
 rights and warrants included within the private units
 respectively;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    term &#8220;public shareholders&#8221; means the holders of the ordinary shares which were being sold as part of t initial
    public offering
 or &#8220;public shares
&#8221; whether they are purchased in the public offering or in the aftermarket
    including any of our initial shareholders to the extent that they purchase such public shares (except that our initial shareholders
    will not have conversion or tender rights with respect to any public shares they own).



    
    


CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

The
statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking
statements include
 but are not limited to
 statements regarding our or our management&#8217;s expectations
 hopes
 beliefs
 intentions
or strategies regarding the future. In addition
 any statements that refer to projections
 forecasts or other characterizations
of future events or circumstances
 including any underlying assumptions
 are forward-looking statements. The words &#8220;anticipates
&#8221;
&#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;continue
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;intends
&#8221;
&#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;might
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;possible
&#8221; &#8220;potential
&#8221; &#8220;predicts
&#8221;
&#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;would&#8221; and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements
but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual
Report may include
 for example
 statements about our:



    
    
ability


    or any other initial business combination;

    
    
    

    
    
limited
    operating history;

    
    
    

    
    
potential
    ability to obtain additional financing to complete a business combination;

    
    
    

    
    
pool
    of prospective target businesses;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    ability of our officers and directors to generate potential investment opportunities;

    
    
    

    
    
potential
    change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for shares;

    
    
    

    
    
our
    public securities&#8217; liquidity and trading;

    
    
    

    
    
regulatory
    or operational risks associated with acquiring a target business;

    
    
    

    
    
use
    of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or

    
    
    

    
    
delisting
    of our securities from Nasdaq or the ability to have our securities listed on Nasdaq following our initial business combination.


The
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future
developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those
that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve several risks
 uncertainties (some of which are beyond our
control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or
implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include
 but are not limited to
 those factors described
.&#8221; Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize
 or should
any of our assumptions prove incorrect
 actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking
statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
future events or otherwise
 except as may be required under applicable securities laws.


    
    


PART
I

ITEM
1. BUSINESS



We
are a blank check company incorporated on July 29
 2016 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of entering into
a merger
 share exchange
 asset acquisition
 share purchase
 recapitalization
 reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more target businesses
 which we refer to through this report as our initial business combination. We have generated
no operating revenues to date and will not generate operating revenues until we consummate our initial business combination. Shareholders
of the Company have voted to extend the deadline to complete an initial business combination on three separate occasions. The
current deadline to complete an initial business combination is July 31
 2021.

On
January 28
 2021
 Andina Acquisition Corp. III
 a company organized in the Cayman Islands (together with its successors
 &#8220;Andina&#8221;)
entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the &#8220;Business Combination Agreement&#8221;) with Andina Holdings LLC
 a Delaware
 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Andina
 B. Luke Weil
 in the capacity
from and after the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement (the &#8220;Closing&#8221;)
as the representative for the shareholders of Andina (other than the Seller) (the &#8220;Purchaser Representative&#8221;)
 Stryve
Foods
 LLC
 a Texas limited liability company (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 Stryve Foods Holdings
 LLC
 a Texas limited liability
company (the &#8220;Seller&#8221;)
 and R. Alex Hawkins
 in the capacity from and after the Closing as the representative for
the members of the Seller (the &#8220;Seller Representative&#8221;).

Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement
 subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein
 (i) promptly after the execution
and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement
 the Seller and the Company will conduct a reorganization via merger pursuant
to which the Seller will become a holding company for the Company
 the former owners of the Company will become the owners of
the Seller
 and the former holders of convertible notes of the Company will become holders of convertible notes of the Seller
and pursuant to which the Company will retain all of its subsidiaries
 business
 assets and liabilities
 and become a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Seller (the &#8220;Reorganization&#8221;)
 (ii) prior to the Closing
 Andina will continue out of the Cayman
Islands and into the State of Delaware to re-domicile as and become a Delaware corporation (the &#8220;Conversion&#8221;)
 (iii)
at the Closing
 the Seller will contribute to Holdings all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of the Company in exchange
for newly issued non-voting Class B membership interests of Holdings and voting (but non-economic) Class V common stock of Andina
(&#8220;Andina Class V Common Stock&#8221;) (such contribution
 the &#8220;Seller Contribution&#8221;)
 and (iv) Andina will contribute
all of its cash and cash equivalents to Holdings
 after payment of Andina shareholders that elect to have their Andina shares
redeemed or converted in connection with the Closing (the &#8220;Redemption&#8221;) and Andina&#8217;s expenses and other liabilities
due at the Closing
 in exchange for newly issued voting Class A membership interests of Holdings (the &#8220;Andina Contribution&#8221;
and together with the Seller Contribution
 the &#8220;Contribution&#8221; and
 collectively with the other transactions contemplated
by the Business Combination Agreement
 the &#8220;Transactions&#8221;). At the Closing
 Andina will change its name to &#8220;Stryve
Foods
 Inc.&#8221;

Consummation
of the transactions contemplated by the Business Commination Agreement is subject to customary conditions of the respective parties
including the approval of the Business Combination by the Company&#8217;s stockholders in accordance with the Company&#8217;s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the completion of a redemption offer whereby the Company will be providing
its public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Company ordinary shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of
the aggregate amount on deposit in the Company&#8217;s trust account.

The
Business Combination Agreement and related agreements are further described in the Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 3
2021. For additional information regarding Stryve Foods
 LLC
 the Business Commination Agreement and the Business Combination
see the Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed by the Company on January 28
 2021.

Competitive
Advantages

We
believe we have the following competitive advantages:



    
Status
We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses.
    As an existing public company
 we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through
    a merger or other business combination. In this situation
 the owners of the target business would exchange their shares in
    the target business for our shares or for a combination of shares and cash
 allowing us to tailor the consideration to the
    specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses might find this method a more certain and cost effective method
    to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering
 there are additional
    expenses incurred in marketing
 roadshow and public reporting efforts that will likely not be present to the same extent in
    connection with a business combination with us. Furthermore
 once the business combination is consummated
 the target business
    will have effectively become public
 whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters&#8217; ability
    to complete the offering as well as general market conditions that could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public
    we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives
    consistent with shareholders&#8217; interests than it would have as a privately-held company. It can offer further benefits
    by augmenting a company&#8217;s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees.



    
    




    
While
    we believe that our status as a public company will make us an attractive business partner
 some potential target businesses
    may view the inherent limitations in our status as a blank check company as a deterrent and may prefer to effect a business
    combination with a more established entity or with a private company. These inherent limitations include limitations on our
    available financial resources
 which may be inferior to those of other entities pursuing the acquisition of similar target
    businesses; the requirement that we offer shareholders the right to seek conversion of their shares in connection with a proposed
    business combination by either a proxy statement or tender offer
 which may delay the consummation of a transaction; and the
    existence of our outstanding rights and warrants
 which may represent a source of future dilution. 

    
    

    
Financial
With a trust account currently (as of December 31
 2020) in the amount of $13
545
503 and a public market for our ordinary shares
 we offer a target business a variety of options such as providing the owners
    of a target business with shares in a public company and a public means to sell such shares
 providing cash for stock
 and
    providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing
    its debt ratio. Because we are able to consummate our initial business combination using our cash
 debt or equity securities
    or a combination of the foregoing
 we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor
    the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires including but not limited to arranging for
    third party financing.

    
    

    
Management
 We believe that our executive officers possess the experience
 skills and contacts
    necessary to source
 evaluate
 and execute an attractive business combination. Several of our officers and directors were
    previously officers
 directors or advisors and consultants to Andina I
 Andina II and MI Acquisitions Inc.
 three similar
    blank check companies that successfully consummated business combinations. We have and intend to continue to leverage the
    contacts and relationships of our executive officers and directors to source
 evaluate and execute business combination opportunities.


Effecting
a Business Combination



We
are not presently engaged in
 and we will not engage in
 any substantive commercial business until we consummate our initial business
combination. We have and intend to continue to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private
placement of private units
 our share capital
 debt or a combination of these in effecting a business combination. Although substantially
all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of private units are intended to be applied generally
toward effecting a business combination as described in this prospectus
 the proceeds are not otherwise being designated for any
more specific purposes. Accordingly
 investors in our initial public offering are investing without first having an opportunity
to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any one or more business combinations. A business combination may involve the acquisition
of
 or merger with
 a company which does not need substantial additional capital but which desires to establish a public trading
market for its shares
 while avoiding what it may deem to be adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself. These
include time delays
 significant expense
 loss of voting control and compliance with various Federal and state securities laws.
In the alternative
 we may seek to consummate a business combination with a company that may be financially unstable or in its
early stages of development or growth. While we may seek to effect simultaneous business combinations with more than one target
business
 we will probably have the ability
 as a result of our limited resources
 to effect only a single business combination.

Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of a Business Combination

Subject
to our officers&#8217; and directors&#8217; existing fiduciary duties and the Nasdaq rules that require that a target business
have a fair market value of at least 80% of the balance in the trust account at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement
for our initial business combination
 as described below in more detail
 our management has virtually unrestricted flexibility
in identifying and selecting a prospective target business. We have not established any other specific attributes or criteria
(financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses. In evaluating a prospective target business
 our management has and
will continue to consider a variety of factors
 including one or more of the following:



    
    
financial
    condition and results of operation;

    
    
    

    
    
growth
    potential;

    
    
    

    
    
experience
    and skill of management and availability of additional personnel;

    
    
    

    
    
capital
    requirements;

    
    
    

    
    
competitive
    position;

    
    
    

    
    
barriers
    to entry;

    
    
    

    
    
stage
    of development of its products
 processes or services;

    
    
    

    
    
degree
    of current or potential market acceptance of the products
 processes or services;

    
    
    

    
    
proprietary
    features and degree of intellectual property or other protection for its products
 processes or services;

    
    
    

    
    
regulatory
    environment of the industry; and

    
    
    

    
    
costs
    associated with effecting the business combination.



    
    


We
believe such factors are important in evaluating prospective target businesses
 regardless of the location or industry in which
such target business operates. However
 this list is not intended to be exhaustive. Furthermore
 we may decide to enter into a
business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines.

Any
evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination is based
 to the extent relevant
 on the above factors
as well as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in effecting a business combination consistent with our business
objective. In evaluating a prospective target business
 we will conduct an extensive due diligence review which will encompass
among other things
 meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities
 as well as review of financial and other
information which is made available to us. This due diligence review has been and will continue to be conducted either by our
management or by unaffiliated third parties we may engage
 although we have no current intention to engage any such third parties.

The
time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete the business combination cannot
presently be ascertained with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of
a prospective target business with which a business combination is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce
the amount of capital available to otherwise complete a business combination.

Fair
Market Value of Target Business

Pursuant
to Nasdaq listing rules
 the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to
at least 80% of the balance of the funds in the trust account at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial
business combination
 although we may acquire a target business whose fair market value significantly exceeds 80% of the trust
account balance. We currently anticipate structuring a business combination to acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets
of the target business or businesses. We may
 however
 structure a business combination where we merge directly with the target
business or where we acquire less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives
of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons
 but we will only complete such business combination if the
post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target
 our shareholders
prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company
 depending on valuations
ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example
 we could pursue a transaction in which we
issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital of a target. In this case
 we could acquire
a 100% controlling interest in the target. However
 as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares
 our shareholders
immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our
initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned
or acquired by the post-transaction company
 only the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what
will be valued for purposes of the 80% of net assets test. In order to consummate such an acquisition
 we may issue a significant
amount of our debt or equity securities to the sellers of such businesses and/or seek to raise additional funds through a private
offering of debt or equity securities. Since we have no specific business combination under consideration
 we have not entered
into any such fund raising arrangement and have no current intention of doing so. The fair market value of the target will be
determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual
and potential sales
 earnings
 cash flow and/or book value). If our board is not able to independently determine that the target
business has a sufficient fair market value (for instance
 if our board is not thoroughly familiar with the industry in which
the target business we are seeking to acquire operates or if the assets of the target business we are seeking to acquire are difficult
to evaluate from a financial standpoint)
 we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated
 independent investment banking firm
or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions
 with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We
will not be required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
 or another independent entity that commonly
renders valuation opinions
 as to the fair market value if our board of directors independently determines that the target business
complies with the 80% threshold.

If
Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange
 we would not be required to satisfy the fair market value requirement
described above and could complete a business combination with a target business having a fair market value substantially below
80% of the balance in the trust account.

Lack
of Business Diversification

Our
business combination must be with a target business or businesses that collectively satisfy the minimum valuation standard at
the time of such acquisition
 as discussed above
 although this process may entail the simultaneous acquisitions of several operating
businesses at the same time. Therefore
 at least initially
 the prospects for our success may be entirely dependent upon the future
performance of a single business. Unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations
of entities operating in multiple industries or multiple areas of a single industry
 it is probable that we will not have the
resources to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating
a business combination with only a single entity
 our lack of diversification may:


    
    




    
    
subject
    us to numerous economic
 competitive and regulatory developments
 any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact
    upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination
 and

    
    
    

    
    
result
    in our dependency upon the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single
    or limited number of products
 processes or services.


If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers
 we will need for
each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other acquisitions
which may make it more difficult for us
 and delay our ability
 to complete the business combination. With multiple acquisitions
we could also face additional risks
 including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and
due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation
of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business.

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target Business&#8217; Management

Although
we have and intend to continue to scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability
of effecting a business combination
 there can be no assurances that our assessment of the target business&#8217; management will
prove to be correct. In addition
 there can be no assurances that the future management will have the necessary skills
 qualifications
or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore
 the future role of our officers and directors
 if any
 in the target business
following a business combination cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that some of our key personnel
will remain associated in senior management or advisory positions with us following a business combination
 it is unlikely that
they will devote their full time efforts to our affairs subsequent to a business combination. Moreover
 they would only be able
to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting
agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation
of the business combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities
for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination. While the personal and financial
interests of our key personnel may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business
 their ability to
remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as
to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. Additionally
 our officers and directors may not have
significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business.

Following
a business combination
 we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business.
There can be no assurances that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers
 or that any such additional managers
we do recruit will have the requisite skills
 knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.

Shareholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve an Initial Business Combination

In
connection with any proposed business combination
 we will either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
at a meeting called for such purpose at which public shareholders may seek to convert their public shares
 regardless of whether
they vote for or against the proposed business combination
 into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account (net of taxes payable) or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their public shares
to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share
of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable)
 in each case subject to the limitations described
herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 our initial shareholders have agreed
 pursuant to written letter agreements with us
 not
to convert any public shares held by them into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account.
If we determine to engage in a tender offer
 such tender offer will be structured so that each shareholder may tender any or all
of his
 her or its public shares rather than some pro rata portion of his
 her or its shares. The decision as to whether we will
seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender
offer will be made by us based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction
 whether the terms of the transaction
would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would
require us to conduct a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Unlike other blank check companies
which require shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and related
conversions of public shares for cash upon consummation of such initial business combination even when a vote is not required
by law
 we will have the flexibility to avoid such shareholder vote and allow our shareholders to sell their shares pursuant to
Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act which regulate issuer tender offers. In that case
 we will file tender offer
documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination
as is required under the SEC&#8217;s proxy rules. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible
assets of at least $5
000
001 upon such consummation and
 solely if we seek shareholder approval
 a majority of the issued and
outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination.

We
chose our net tangible asset threshold of $5
000
001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under
the Securities Act. However
 if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any
type of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon
consummation of such initial business combination
 our net tangible asset threshold may limit our ability to consummate such initial
business combination (as we may be required to have a lesser number of shares converted or sold to us) and may force us to seek
third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result
 we may not be able to consummate
such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period
if at all. Public shareholders may therefore have to wait until after July 31
 2021 in order to be able to receive a pro rata
share of the trust account.


    
    


Our
initial shareholders and our officers and directors have agreed (1) to vote any ordinary shares owned by them in favor of any
proposed business combination
 (2) not to convert any ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed
initial business combination and (3) not sell any ordinary shares in any tender in connection with a proposed initial business
combination. The purchasers of the private units have also agreed to vote their private shares in favor of any proposed business
combination. As a result
 if we sought shareholder approval of a proposed transaction
 we would need only 1
590
154 (or approximately
36%) of the 4
417
096 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of the transaction in order to have
such transaction approved (assuming all outstanding shares voted).

Conversion/Tender
Rights

At
any meeting called to approve an initial business combination
 public shareholders (but not our initial shareholders) may seek
to convert their public shares
 regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination
 into their pro
rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
 less any taxes then due but not yet paid. Notwithstanding
the foregoing
 our initial shareholders have agreed
 pursuant to written letter agreements with us
 not to convert any public
shares held by them into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account. The conversion rights
will be effected under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and Cayman Islands law as a compulsory
redemption. If we hold a meeting to approve an initial business combination
 a holder will always have the ability to vote against
a proposed business combination and not seek conversion of his shares.

Alternatively
if we engage in a tender offer
 each public shareholder will be provided the opportunity to sell his public shares to us in such
tender offer. The tender offer rules require us to hold the tender offer open for at least 20 business days. Accordingly
 this
is the minimum amount of time we would need to provide holders to determine whether they want to sell their public shares to us
in the tender offer or remain an investor in our company.

Our
initial shareholders
 officers and directors will not have conversion rights with respect to any ordinary shares owned by them
directly or indirectly
 whether acquired prior to our initial public offering or purchased by them in initial public offering
or in the aftermarket. Additionally
 the purchasers of the private units will not have conversion rights with respect to any private
shares.

We
may also require public shareholders
 whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in &#8220;street name
&#8221; to either
tender their certificates to our transfer agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository
Trust Company&#8217;s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System
 at the holder&#8217;s option
 at any time at or prior to
the vote on the business combination. Once the shares are converted by the beneficial holder
 and effectively repurchased or redeemed
by us under Cayman Island law
 the transfer agent will then update our Register of Shareholders to reflect all conversions. The
proxy solicitation materials that we will furnish to shareholders in connection with the vote for any proposed business combination
will indicate whether we are requiring shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly
 a shareholder would have
from the time our proxy statement is mailed through the vote on the business combination to deliver his shares if he wishes to
seek to exercise his conversion rights. Under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
 we are required
to provide at least 10 days&#8217; advance notice of any shareholder meeting
 which would be the minimum amount of time a shareholder
would have to determine whether to exercise conversion rights. As a result
 if we require public shareholders who wish to convert
their ordinary shares into the right to receive a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account to comply with the foregoing
delivery requirements
 holders may not have sufficient time to receive the notice and deliver their shares for conversion. Accordingly
investors may not be able to exercise their conversion rights and may be forced to retain our securities when they otherwise would
not want to.

There
is a nominal cost associated with this tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the
DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker $100 and it would be up to the broker whether or not
to pass this cost on to the converting holder. However
 this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders
seeking to exercise conversion rights. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising conversion rights regardless
of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However
 in the event we require shareholders seeking to exercise conversion
rights to deliver their shares prior to the consummation of the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination
is not consummated
 this may result in an increased cost to shareholders.

Any
request to convert or tender such shares once made
 may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination
or expiration of the tender offer. Furthermore
 if a holder of a public share delivered his certificate in connection with an
election of their conversion or tender and subsequently decides prior to the vote on the business combination or the expiration
of the tender offer not to elect to exercise such rights
 he may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate
(physically or electronically).

If
the initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason
 then our public shareholders who elected to exercise
their conversion or tender rights would not be entitled to convert their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust
account. In such case
 we will promptly return any shares delivered by public holders.


    
    


Limitation
on Conversion Rights

Notwithstanding
the foregoing conversion rights
 if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not offer conversion
in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules
 our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association will provide that a public shareholder
 together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person
with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a &#8220;group&#8221; (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act)
will be restricted from seeking conversion of its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in initial
public offering
 without our prior consent. We believe the restriction described above will discourage shareholders from accumulating
large blocks of shares
 and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to convert their shares as a means to force
us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable
terms. Absent this provision
 a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in initial public
offering could threaten to exercise its conversion rights against an initial business combination if such holder&#8217;s shares
are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting
our shareholders&#8217; ability to convert no more than 15% of the shares sold in initial public offering
 we believe we will
limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business
combination
 particularly in connection with an initial business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition
that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However
 we would not be restricting our shareholders&#8217; ability
to vote all of their shares (including all shares held by those shareholders that hold more than 15% of the shares sold in initial
public offering) for or against our initial business combination.

Redemption
of Public Shares if No Business Combination

If
we do not complete a business combination by July 31
 2021
 we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up
 (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter
 redeem 100% of the outstanding public
shares
 at a per-share price
 payable in cash
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
 including any
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account not previously released to us to pay our tax obligations and less up to
$100
000 of interest we may use for our working capital obligations
 including any necessary liquidation or dissolution expenses
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares
 which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders&#8217;
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions
 if any)
 subject to applicable law
and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption
 subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders
and our board of directors
 liquidate and dissolve
 subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Cayman
Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.

Prior
to such redemption of public shares
 we would be required to assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us by our
creditors for amounts they are actually owed and make provision for such amounts
 as creditors take priority over our public shareholders
with respect to amounts that are owed to them. There can be no assurances that we will properly assess all claims that may be
potentially brought against us. As such
 our shareholders could potentially be liable for any claims of creditors to the extent
of distributions received by them as an unlawful payment in the event we enter an insolvent liquidation. Furthermore
 while we
will seek to have all vendors and service providers (which would include any third parties we engaged to assist us in any way
in connection with our search for a target business) and prospective target businesses execute agreements with us waiving any
right
 title
 interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account
 there is no guarantee
that they will execute such agreements. Nor is there any guarantee that
 even if such entities execute such agreements with us
they will not seek recourse against the trust account or that a court would conclude that such agreements are legally enforceable.

Each
of our initial shareholders and the purchasers of the private units have agreed to waive its rights to participate in any liquidation
of our trust account with respect to the insider shares
 private shares and private warrants. There will be no distribution from
the trust account with respect to our rights or warrants which will expire worthless.

If
we are unable to complete an initial business combination and expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering
 other
than the proceeds deposited in the trust account
 and without taking into account interest
 if any
 earned on the trust account
the initial per-share distribution from the trust account would be approximately $10.24 (based on the trust account balance as
of December 31
 2020).

The
proceeds deposited in the trust account could
 however
 become subject to the claims of our creditors which would be prior to
the claims of our public shareholders. Although we will seek to have all vendors
 including lenders for money borrowed
 prospective
target businesses or other entities we engage execute agreements with us waiving any right
 title
 interest or claim of any kind
in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders
 there is no guarantee that they will
execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the
trust account
 including but not limited to
 fraudulent inducement
 breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims
as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver
 in each case in order to gain an advantage with a claim against
our assets
 including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refused to execute an agreement waiving such claims
to the monies held in the trust account
 we would perform an analysis of the alternatives available to us if we chose not to engage
such third party and evaluate if such engagement would be in the best interest of our shareholders if such third party refused
to waive such claims. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refused to execute a waiver include
the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly
superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a provider
of required services willing to provide the waiver. In any event
 our management would perform an analysis of the alternatives
available to it and would only enter into an agreement with a third party that did not execute a waiver if management believed
that such third party&#8217;s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. In addition
 there
is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of
 or arising out of
any negotiations
 contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason.


    
    


B.
Luke Weil has agreed that
 if we liquidate the trust account prior to the consummation of a business combination
 he will be personally
liable to pay debts and obligations to target businesses or vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered
or contracted for or products sold to us in excess of the net proceeds of our initial public offering not held in the trust account
but only to the extent necessary to ensure that such debts or obligations do not reduce the amounts in the trust account and only
if such parties have not executed a waiver agreement. However
 there can be no assurances that he will be able to satisfy those
obligations if he is required to do so. Accordingly
 the actual per-share distribution could be less than $10.24 (based on the
trust account balance as of December 31
 2020) due to claims of creditors. Additionally
 if we are forced to file a bankruptcy
case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed
 the proceeds held in the trust account could
be subject to applicable bankruptcy law
 and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties
with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account
 there can be
no assurances that we will be able to return to our public shareholders at least $10.24 (based on the trust account balance as
of December 31
 2020).



In
identifying
 evaluating and selecting a target business
 we have encountered and may continue to encounter intense competition
from other entities having a business objective similar to ours. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive
experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater
technical
 human and other resources than us and our financial resources is relatively limited when contrasted with those of many
of these competitors. While we believe there may be numerous potential target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds
of our initial public offering
 our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available
financial resources.



We
have three executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and devote
only as much time as they deem necessary to our affairs and intend to continue doing so until we have completed our initial business
combination. The amount of time they devotes in any time period may vary based on whether a target business has been selected
for the business combination and the stage of the business combination process the company is in. Accordingly
 once management
locates a suitable target business to acquire
 they may spend more time investigating such target business and negotiating and
processing the business combination (and consequently spend more time to our affairs) than they would prior to locating a suitable
target business.

Periodic
Reporting and Audited Financial Statements

We
have registered our units
 ordinary shares
 rights and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations
 including
the requirement that we file annual
 quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act
 our annual report will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants.

We
will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of any proxy solicitation
sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood
 the financial information included in
the proxy solicitation materials will need to be prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP or IFRS
 depending on the circumstances
and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. The financial
statements are also required to be prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for the Form 8-K announcing the closing of an initial
business combination
 which would need to be filed within four business days thereafter. There can be no assurances that any particular
target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have the necessary financial information. To the extent
that this requirement cannot be met
 we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business.

We
may be required to have our internal control procedures audited for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2021 as required
by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy
of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.

We
are an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act and will remain such for up to five years. We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion
of our initial public offering
 (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion
 or (c) in which we
are deemed to be a large accelerated filer
 which means the market value of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares that are
held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30
 and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion
in non-convertible debt during the prior three year period. As an emerging growth company
 we have elected
 under Section 107(b)
of the JOBS Act.


    
    


ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS

Risks
Associated with Our Business

You
should carefully consider all of the risks described below
 together with the other information contained in this report
 including
the financial statements
 before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following risks occur
 our business
financial condition or operating results may be materially and adversely affected. In that event
 the trading price of our securities
could decline
 and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

We
have a limited operating history and
 accordingly
 our public shareholders have little basis on which to evaluate our ability
to achieve our business objective.

We
have limited operating results to date. Since we do not have a significant operating history
 our public shareholders will have
little basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective
 which is to acquire an operating business.
We may not be able to complete our initial business combination. We will not generate any revenues until after the consummation
of a business combination.

If
we are unable to consummate a business combination
 our public shareholders may be forced to wait more until after July 31
 2021
before receiving liquidation distributions.

We
have until July 31
 2021 to complete a business combination. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to such
date unless we consummate a business combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to convert their
shares. Only after the expiration of this full time period will public shareholders be entitled to liquidation distributions if
we are unable to complete a business combination. Accordingly
 our public shareholders funds may be unavailable to them until
after such date and to liquidate their investment
 they may be forced to sell their securities potentially at a loss.

The
requirement that we complete an initial business combination within a specific period of time may give potential target businesses
leverage over us in negotiating a business transaction.

We
have until July 31
 2021 to complete an initial business combination. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations
concerning a business combination will be aware of this requirement. Consequently
 such target business may obtain leverage over
us in negotiating a business combination
 knowing that if we do not complete a business combination with that particular target
business
 we may be unable to complete a business combination with any other target business. This risk will increase as we get
closer to the time limits referenced above.

We
may issue ordinary or preferred shares or debt securities to complete a business combination
 which would reduce the equity interest
of our shareholders and likely cause a change in control of our ownership.

Our
memorandum and articles of association currently authorizes the issuance of up to 100
000
000 ordinary shares
 par value $.0001
per share
 and 1
000
000 preferred shares
 par value $0.0001 per share. Immediately after our initial public offering and the
purchase of the private units
 there were 73
070
500 authorized but unissued ordinary shares available for issuance (after appropriate
reservation for the issuance of the shares underlying the private units
 public and private rights and public and private warrants).
Although we have no commitment as of the date of this report
 we may issue a substantial number of additional ordinary shares
or preferred shares
 or a combination of ordinary shares and preferred shares
 to complete a business combination. Any authorized
but unissued shares of our common stock are available for issuance by our board of directors without any further stockholder action.
The issuance of additional ordinary shares or preferred shares:

&#9679;
may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if we issue preferred shares with rights senior to those afforded to
our ordinary shares;

&#9679;
may cause a change in control if a substantial number of ordinary shares are issued
 which may affect
 among other things
 our
ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards
 if any
 and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers
and directors; and

&#9679;
may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our ordinary shares.

Similarly
if we issue debt securities
 it could result in:

&#9679;
default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a business combination are insufficient to repay our debt
obligations;

&#9679;
acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach
certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that
covenant;

&#9679;
our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest
 if any
 if the debt security is payable on demand; and

&#9679;
our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain
such financing while the debt security is outstanding.


    
    


We
may be unable to obtain additional financing
 if required
 to complete a business combination or to fund the operations and growth
of the target business
 which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination.

We
cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering prove
to be insufficient
 either because of the size of the business combination
 the depletion of the available net proceeds in search
of a target business
 or the obligation to convert into cash (or purchase in any tender offer) a significant number of shares
from shareholders
 we will be required to seek additional financing. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms
if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to consummate a particular business combination
we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative
target business candidate. In addition
 if we consummate a business combination
 we may require additional financing to fund the
operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on
the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers
 directors or shareholders is required to provide
any financing to us in connection with or after a business combination.

Holders
of rights and warrants will not have redemption rights.

If
we are unable to complete an initial business combination by July 31
 2021
 the rights and warrants will expire worthless and
holders will not receive any of the liquidating proceeds with respect to such securities.

We
have no obligation to net cash settle the rights or warrants.

In
no event will we have any obligation to net cash settle the rights or warrants. Accordingly
 the rights and warrants may expire
worthless.

Our
management&#8217;s ability to require holders of our redeemable warrants to exercise such redeemable warrants on a cashless basis
will cause holders to receive fewer ordinary shares upon their exercise of the redeemable warrants than they would have received
had they been able to exercise their redeemable warrants for cash.

If
we call our warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this report have been satisfied
 our
management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his warrants (including any warrants held by our
initial shareholders or their permitted transferees) to do so on a &#8220;cashless basis.&#8221; If our management chooses to
require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis
 the number of ordinary shares received by a holder upon exercise
will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrants for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the
potential &#8220;upside&#8221; of the holder&#8217;s investment in our company.

We
may amend the terms of the rights in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least a majority
of the then outstanding rights.

Our
rights are issued in registered form under a rights agreement between Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company
 as rights
agent
 and us. The rights agreement provides that the terms of the rights may be amended without the consent of any holder to
cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision. The rights agreement requires the approval by the holders of at least a
majority of the then outstanding rights (including the private rights) in order to make any change that adversely affects the
interests of the registered holders.

We
may amend the terms of the warrants in a way that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of a majority of
the then outstanding warrants.

Our
warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company
 as warrant
agent
 and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder
to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision. The warrant agreement requires the approval by the holders of a majority
of the then outstanding warrants (including the private warrants) in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests
of the registered holders.

A
provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.

Unlike
most blank check companies
 if

&#9679;
we issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of
our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $8.50 per share


&#9679;
the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds
 and interest thereon
 available
for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of
redemptions)
 and

&#9679;
the Market Value is below $8.50 per share


then
the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115% of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the price
at which we issue the additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate
an initial business combination with a target business.


    
    


Since
we have not yet selected a particular industry or target business with which to complete a business combination
 we are unable
to currently ascertain the merits or risks of the industry or business in which we may ultimately operate.

While
we have and intend to continue to focus our search for target businesses on specific locations as described in this report
 we
are not limited to those locations and may consummate a business combination with a company in any location or industry we choose.
Accordingly
 there is no current basis for our public shareholders to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the particular
industry in which we may ultimately operate or the target business which we may ultimately acquire. To the extent we complete
a business combination with a financially unstable company or an entity in its development stage
 we may be affected by numerous
risks inherent in the business operations of those entities. If we complete a business combination with an entity in an industry
characterized by a high level of risk
 we may be affected by the currently unascertainable risks of that industry. Although our
management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular industry or target business
 there can be no assurances
that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. There also can be no assurances that an investment
in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to our public shareholders than a direct investment
 if an opportunity
were available
 in a target business.

The
requirement that the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least
80% of the balance of the funds in the trust account at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business
combination may limit the type and number of companies that we may complete such a business combination with.

Pursuant
to the Nasdaq listing rules
 the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal
to at least 80% of the balance of the funds in the trust account at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our
initial business combination. This restriction may limit the type and number of companies with which we may complete a business
combination. If we are unable to locate a target business or businesses that satisfy this fair market value test
 we may be forced
to liquidate and our public shareholders will only be entitled to receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account.

If
Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange
 we would not be required to satisfy the fair market value requirement
described above and could complete a business combination with a target business having a fair market value substantially below
80% of the balance in the trust account.

Our
ability to successfully effect a business combination and to be successful thereafter is totally dependent upon the efforts of
our key personnel
 some of whom may join us following a business combination. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals
we engage after a business combination
 there can be no assurances that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct.

Our
ability to successfully effect a business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We believe that our
success depends on the continued service of our key personnel
 at least until we have consummated our initial business combination.
We cannot assure our public shareholders that any of our key personnel will remain with us for the immediate or foreseeable future.
In addition
 none of our officers are required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and
 accordingly
 they will
have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities
 including identifying potential business
combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have employment agreements with
 or key-man insurance on the
life of
 any of our officers. The unexpected loss of the services of our key personnel could have a detrimental effect on us.

The
role of our key personnel in the target business
 however
 cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel
may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following a business combination
 it is likely
that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place or be hired after consummation of the business
combination. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after a business combination
 there can be no assurances
that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of
operating a public company which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.
This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations.

Our
officers and directors may not have significant experience or knowledge regarding the jurisdiction or industry of the target business
we may seek to acquire.

We
may consummate a business combination with a target business in any geographic location or industry we choose. There can be no
assurances that our officers and directors will have enough experience or have sufficient knowledge relating to the jurisdiction
of the target or its industry to make an informed decision regarding a business combination. If we become aware of a potential
business combination outside of the geographic location or industry where our officers and directors have the most experience
our management may retain consultants and advisors with experience in such industries to assist in the evaluation of such business
combination and in our determination of whether or not to proceed with such a business combination. However
 our management is
not required to engage consultants or advisors in any situation. If they do not engage any consultants or advisors to assist them
in the evaluation of a particular target business or business combination
 our management may not properly analyze the risks attendant
with such target business or business combination. Even if our management does engage consultants or advisors to assist in the
evaluation of a particular target business or business combination
 there can be no assurances that such consultants or advisors
will properly analyze the risks attendant with such target business or business combination. As a result
 we may enter into a
business combination that is not in our shareholders&#8217; best interests.


    
    


Our
key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business
combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following a business combination and as a result
 may
cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.

Our
key personnel will be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination only if they are able to
negotiate employment or consulting agreements or other arrangements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations
would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive
compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation
of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying
and selecting a target business.

Our
officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby potentially limiting the amount of time they devote
to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate our initial business combination.

Our
officers and directors are not required to commit their full time to our affairs
 which could create a conflict of interest when
allocating their time between our operations and their other commitments. We presently expect each of our employees to devote
such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business (which could range from only a few hours a week while
we are trying to locate a potential target business to a majority of their time as we move into serious negotiations with a target
business for a business combination). We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial
business combination. All of our officers and directors are engaged in several other business endeavors and are not obligated
to devote any specific number of hours to our affairs. If our officers&#8217; and directors&#8217; other business affairs require
them to devote more substantial amounts of time to such affairs
 it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs and
could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate our initial business combination. There can be no assurances that conflicts
will be resolved in our favor.

Our
officers and directors have pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations and accordingly
 may have conflicts of interest
in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.

Our
officers and directors have pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations to other companies that are engaged in business
activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us. Accordingly
 they may participate in transactions and have obligations
that may be in conflict or competition with our consummation of our initial business combination
 subject to his or her fiduciary
duties under Cayman Islands law. As a result
 a potential target business may be presented by our management team to another entity
prior to its presentation to us and we may not be afforded the opportunity to engage in a transaction with such target business.

Our
officers&#8217; and directors&#8217; personal and financial interests may influence their motivation in determining whether a
particular target business is appropriate for a business combination.

Our
officers and directors have waived their right to convert (or sell to us in any tender offer) their insider shares
 private shares
or any other ordinary shares acquired in our initial public offering or thereafter
 or to receive distributions from the trust
account with respect to their insider shares or private shares upon our liquidation if we are unable to consummate our initial
business combination.

Accordingly
these securities will be worthless if we do not consummate our initial business combination. The private warrants and any other
warrants they acquire will also be worthless if we do not consummate an initial business combination. In addition
 our officers
and directors may loan funds to us after our initial public offering and may be owed reimbursement for expenses incurred in connection
with certain activities on our behalf which would only be repaid if we complete an initial business combination. The personal
and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target
business and completing a business combination.

Consequently
our directors&#8217; and officers&#8217; discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict
of interest when determining whether the terms
 conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and
in our shareholders&#8217; best interest. If this were the case
 it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter
of Cayman Islands law and we might have a claim against such individuals. However
 we might not ultimately be successful in any
claim we may make against them for such reason.


    
    


Nasdaq
may delist our securities from trading on its exchange which could limit investors&#8217; ability to make transactions in our
securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions.

Our
securities are currently listed on the Nasdaq. There can be no assurances that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq
in the future prior to an initial business combination. Additionally
 in connection with our initial business combination
 it
is likely that Nasdaq will require us to file a new initial listing application and meet its initial listing requirements as opposed
to its more lenient continued listing requirements. There can be no assurances that we will be able to meet those initial listing
requirements at that time.

If
Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange
 we could face significant material adverse consequences
 including:

&#9679;
a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;

&#9679;
reduced liquidity with respect to our securities;

&#9679;
a determination that our ordinary shares are &#8220;penny stock&#8221; which will require brokers trading in our ordinary shares
to adhere to more stringent rules
 possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for
our ordinary shares;

&#9679;
a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and

&#9679;
a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.

The
National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996
 which is a federal statute
 prevents or preempts the states from regulating
the sale of certain securities
 which are referred to as &#8220;covered securities.&#8221; Because our units and eventually our
ordinary shares
 rights and warrants will be listed on Nasdaq
 our units
 ordinary shares
 rights and warrants will be covered
securities. If we were no longer listed on Nasdaq
 our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation
in each state in which we offer our securities.

We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering
 which will cause us to
be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services.

We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering. By consummating a business
combination with only a single entity
 our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic
 competitive and regulatory
developments. Further
 we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting
of losses
 unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries
or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly
 the prospects for our success may be:

&#9679;
solely dependent upon the performance of a single business
 or

&#9679;
dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products
 processes or services.

This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic
 competitive and regulatory developments
 any or all of which may
have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination.

Alternatively
if we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers
 we will need
for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business
combinations
 which may make it more difficult for us
 and delay our ability
 to complete the business combination. With multiple
business combinations
 we could also face additional risks
 including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple
negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent
assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable
to adequately address these risks
 it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.

The
ability of our public shareholders to exercise their conversion rights or sell their public shares to us in a tender offer may
not allow us to effectuate the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure.

If
our business combination requires us to use substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price
 because we will not know
how many public shareholders may exercise conversion rights or seek to sell their public shares to us in a tender offer
 we may
either need to reserve part of the trust account for possible payment upon such conversion
 or we may need to arrange third party
financing to help fund our business transaction. In the event that the business combination involves the issuance of our shares
as consideration
 we may be required to issue a higher percentage of our shares to make up for a shortfall in funds. Raising additional
funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing or incurring indebtedness at higher than desirable levels.
This may limit our ability to effectuate the most attractive business combination available to us.


    
    


The
ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential
business combination targets
 which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target.

We
may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition
that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights
we would not be able to meet such closing condition and
 as a result
 would not be able to proceed with the business combination.
Furthermore
 we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least
$5
000
001 either prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination
 after payment of the deferred underwriting
commission (so that we are not subject to the SEC&#8217;s &#8220;penny stock&#8221; rules) or any greater net tangible asset or
cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently
 if accepting
all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5
000
001 either prior to or upon
consummation of our initial business combination or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described
above
 we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate
business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and
 thus
 may be reluctant to enter into a business combination
transaction with us.

Our
public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination
 which means we may consummate
our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination.

We
intend to hold a shareholder vote before we consummate our initial business combination. However
 if a shareholder vote is not
required
 for business or legal reasons
 we may conduct conversions via a tender offer and not offer our shareholders the opportunity
to vote on a proposed business combination. Accordingly
 we may consummate our initial business combination even if holders of
a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination.

In
connection with any meeting held to approve an initial business combination
 we will offer each public shareholder the option
to vote in favor of a proposed business combination and still seek conversion of his
 her or its public shares
 which may make
it more likely that we will consummate a business combination.

In
connection with any meeting held to approve an initial business combination
 we will offer each public shareholder (but not our
initial shareholders) the right to have his
 her or its public shares converted to cash (subject to the limitations described
elsewhere in this report) regardless of whether such shareholder votes for or against such proposed business combination. Furthermore
we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5
000
001 upon such consummation
and a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the business combination. Accordingly
 our public shareholders
may exercise their conversion rights and we could still consummate a proposed business combination so long as a majority of shares
voted at the meeting are voted in favor of the proposed business combination. This is different than other similarly structured
blank check companies where shareholders are offered the right to convert their shares only when they vote against a proposed
business combination. This is also different than other similarly structured blank check companies where there is a specific number
of shares sold in the offering which must not exercise conversion rights for the company to complete a business combination. The
lack of such a threshold and the ability to seek conversion while voting in favor of a proposed business combination may make
it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination.

In
connection with any shareholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination
 we may require shareholders
who wish to convert their public shares to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for
them to exercise their conversion rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights.

In
connection with any shareholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination
 each public shareholder will
have the right
 regardless of whether it is voting for or against such proposed business combination
 to demand that we convert
its public shares into a share of the trust account. Such conversion will be effectuated under Cayman Islands law as a redemption
of the shares
 with the redemption price to be paid being the applicable pro rata portion of the monies held in the trust account.
We may require public shareholders who wish to convert their public shares in connection with a proposed business combination
to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using
the Depository Trust Company&#8217;s (&#8220;DTC&#8221;) DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System
 at the holder&#8217;s
option
 at any time at or prior to the vote taken at the shareholder meeting relating to such business combination. In order to
obtain a physical share certificate
 a shareholder&#8217;s broker and/or clearing broker
 DTC and our transfer agent will need
to act to facilitate this request. It is our understanding that shareholders should generally allot at least two weeks to obtain
physical certificates from the transfer agent. However
 because we do not have any control over this process or over the brokers
or DTC
 it may take significantly longer than two weeks to obtain a physical share certificate. It is also our understanding that
it takes a short time to deliver shares through the DWAC System. However
 this too may not be the case. Accordingly
 if it takes
longer than we anticipate for shareholders to deliver their shares
 shareholders who wish to convert may be unable to meet the
deadline for exercising their conversion rights and thus may be unable to convert their shares.

Investors
may not have sufficient time to comply with the delivery requirements for conversion.

Pursuant
to our memorandum and articles of association
 we are required to give a minimum of only ten days&#8217; notice for each general
meeting. As a result
 if we require public shareholders who wish to convert their public shares into the right to receive a pro
rata portion of the funds in the trust account to comply with specific delivery requirements for conversion
 holders may not have
sufficient time to receive the notice and deliver their shares for conversion. Accordingly
 investors may not be able to exercise
their conversion rights and may be forced to retain our securities when they otherwise would not want to.


    
    


If
we require public shareholders who wish to convert their public shares to comply with the delivery requirements for conversion
such converting shareholders may be unable to sell their securities when they wish to in the event that the proposed business
combination is not approved.

If
we require public shareholders who wish to convert their public shares to comply with specific delivery requirements for conversion
described above and such proposed business combination is not consummated
 we will promptly return such certificates to the tendering
public shareholders. Accordingly
 investors who attempted to convert their shares in such a circumstance will be unable to sell
their securities after the failed acquisition until we have returned their securities to them. The market price for our shares
may decline during this time and our public shareholders may not be able to sell their securities when they wish to
 even while
other shareholders that did not seek conversion may be able to sell their securities.

Because
of our limited resources and structure
 other companies may have a competitive advantage and we may not be able to consummate
an attractive business combination.

We
expect to encounter intense competition from entities other than blank check companies having a business objective similar to
ours
 including venture capital funds
 leveraged buyout funds and operating businesses competing for acquisitions. Many of these
entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through
affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical
 human and other resources than we do and our financial resources
will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe that there are numerous potential
target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering
 our ability to compete in acquiring
certain sizable target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives
others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore
 seeking shareholder approval of a business
combination may delay or prevent the consummation of a transaction
 a risk a target business may not be willing to accept. Additionally
our outstanding rights and warrants
 and the future dilution they potentially represent
 may not be viewed favorably by certain
target businesses. Any of the foregoing may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination.

Our
initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may influence certain actions requiring a shareholder vote.

Our
initial shareholders currently own approximately 70.1 % of our issued and issued and outstanding ordinary shares. In connection
with any vote for a proposed business combination
 all of our initial shareholders
 as well as all of our officers and directors
have agreed to vote the ordinary shares owned by them at the time of the proposed business combination in favor of such proposed
business combination.

Our
board of directors is divided into three classes
 each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class
of directors being elected in each year. There is no requirement under the Companies Law for us to hold annual or general meetings
to elect directors. At the Annual Meeting
 the Company&#8217;s shareholders were presented the proposals to (i) re-elect three
directors to serve as Class A directors the Company&#8217;s board of directors until the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders of
the Company or until their successors are duly elected and qualified
 (ii) ratify the selection by the audit committee of Marcum
LLP to serve as the Company&#8217;s independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended December 31
 2020 (the &#8220;Auditor
Ratification Proposal&#8221;) and (iii) to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a business combination from January
31
 2021 (or April 30
 2021 if the Company has executed a definitive agreement for a business combination by January 31
 2021)
to April 30
 2021 (or July 31
 2021 if the Company has executed a definitive agreement for a business combination by April 30
2021) (the &#8220;Extension Proposal&#8221;). The proposal to adjourn the Annual Meeting to a later date was not presented because
there were enough votes to approve each of the foregoing proposals.

Our
outstanding rights and warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares and make it more difficult
to effect a business combination.

We
have issued rights that will result in the issuance of an additional ordinary shares and warrants. The potential for the issuance
of a substantial number of additional shares upon conversion of the rights and exercise of the warrants could make us a less attractive
acquisition vehicle in the eyes of a target business. Such securities
 when converted or exercised
 will increase the number of
issued and issued and outstanding ordinary shares and reduce the value of the shares issued to complete the business combination.
Accordingly
 our rights and warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring
the target business. Additionally
 the sale
 or even the possibility of sale
 of the shares underlying the rights and warrants
could have an adverse effect on the market price for our securities or on our ability to obtain future financing. If and to the
extent these rights and warrants are converted or exercised
 our public shareholders may experience dilution to their holdings.

If
our shareholders exercise their registration rights with respect to their securities
 it may have an adverse effect on the market
price of our ordinary shares and the existence of these rights may make it more difficult to effect a business combination.

Our
initial shareholders are entitled to make a demand that we register the resale of their 2
700
000 insider shares at any time commencing
three months prior to the date on which their shares may be released from escrow. Additionally
 the purchasers of the private
units and our initial shareholders
 officers and directors are entitled to demand that we register the resale of the securities
underlying the private units and any securities our initial shareholders
 officers
 directors or their affiliates may be issued
in payment of working capital loans made to us at any time after we consummate a business combination. The presence of these additional
securities trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. In addition
 the existence
of these rights may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business
as the shareholders of the target business may be discouraged from entering into a business combination with us or will request
a higher price for their securities because of the potential effect the exercise of such rights may have on the trading market
for our ordinary shares.


    
    


Each
of the joint book-running managers for our initial public offering may have a conflict of interest in rendering services to us
in connection with our initial business combination.

We
have engaged each of the joint book-running managers for our initial public offering to assist us in connection with our
initial business combination. We will pay each of them a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of our initial
business combination in an aggregate amount equal to 3% of the total gross proceeds raised in our initial public offering. In
addition
 Cowen Investments II LLC (&#8220;Cowen Investments&#8221;)
 an affiliate of Cowen
 holds 409
967 of our insider
shares and purchased 92
157 of our private units
 and Craig-Hallum holds 175
700 of our insider shares and purchased
39
496 of our private units. These securities will be worthless if we do not consummate an initial business combination.
These financial interests may result in the joint book-running managers having a conflict of interest when providing the
services to us in connection with an initial business combination.

If
we are deemed to be an investment company
 we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities
may be restricted
 which may make it difficult for us to complete a business combination.

A
company that
 among other things
 is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily
 or proposes to engage primarily
 in the business
of investing
 reinvesting
 owning
 trading or holding certain types of securities would be deemed an investment company under
the Investment Company Act of 1940. Since we will invest the proceeds held in the trust account
 it is possible that we could
be deemed an investment company. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 we do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will
subject us to the Investment Company Act of 1940. To this end
 the proceeds held in trust may be invested by the trustee only
in United States government treasury bills
 notes or bonds having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting
the applicable conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and that invest solely in United
States treasuries. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments
 we intend to meet the requirements for
the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940.

If
we are nevertheless deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940
 we may be subject to certain
restrictions that may make it more difficult for us to complete a business combination
 including:

&#9679;
restrictions on the nature of our investments; and

&#9679;
restrictions on the issuance of securities.

In
addition
 we may have imposed upon us certain burdensome requirements
 including:

&#9679;
registration as an investment company;

&#9679;
adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and

&#9679;
reporting
 record keeping
 voting
 proxy
 compliance policies and procedures and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations.

Compliance
with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expense for which we have not allotted.

We
may not seek an opinion from an unaffiliated third party as to the fair market value of the target business we acquire.

We
are not required to obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated third party that the target business we select has a fair market value
in excess of at least 80% of the balance of the trust account unless our board of directors cannot make such determination on
its own. We are also not required to obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated third party indicating that the price we are paying
is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view unless the target is affiliated with our officers
 directors
 initial
shareholders or their affiliates. If no opinion is obtained
 our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of
directors
 whose collective experience in business evaluations for blank check companies like ours is not significant. Furthermore
our directors may have a conflict of interest in analyzing the transaction due to their personal and financial interests.

We
may acquire a target business that is affiliated with our officers
 directors
 initial shareholders or their affiliates.

While
we do not currently intend to pursue an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our officers
 directors
initial shareholders or their affiliates
 we are not prohibited from pursuing such a transaction
 nor are we prohibited from consummating
a business combination where any of our officers
 directors
 initial shareholders or their affiliates acquire a minority interest
in the target business alongside our acquisition
 provided in each case we obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated third party
indicating that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. These affiliations could cause
our officers or directors to have a conflict of interest in analyzing such transactions due to their personal and financial interests.


    
    


Because
we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and our executive offices are located in Colombia
 our public shareholders
may face difficulties in protecting their interests
 and their ability to protect their rights through the U.S. Federal courts
may be limited.

We
are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and our executive offices are located in Colombia. As
a result
 it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States on our company
 or enforce judgments
obtained in the United States courts against our company.

Our
corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
 the Companies Law and the common
law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors
 actions by minority shareholders and
the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law
of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in
the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law
 the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority
 but are not
binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under
Cayman Islands law are different from statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular
the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States. In addition
 Cayman Islands companies
may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States.

We
have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce
against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws
of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands
 to impose liabilities against us
predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state
 so far as the
liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances
 although there is no statutory enforcement
in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States
 the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce
a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that
a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been
given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands
 such judgment must be
final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum
 and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty
 inconsistent with a Cayman
Islands judgment in respect of the same matter
 impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner
 and or be of a kind
the enforcement of which is
 contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple
damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent
proceedings are being brought elsewhere.

As
a result of all of the above
 public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions
taken by management
 members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a
United States company.

We
may effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States and if we do
 we would be subject to a variety
of additional risks that may negatively impact our business operations and financial results.

If
we consummate a business combination with a target business located outside of the United States
 we would be subject to any special
considerations or risks associated with companies operating in the target business&#8217; governing jurisdiction
 including any
of the following:



    
    
rules
    and regulations or currency redemption or corporate withholding taxes on individuals;

    
    
    

    
    
tariffs
    and trade barriers;

    
    
    

    
    
regulations
    related to customs and import/export matters;

    
    
    

    
    
longer
    payment cycles;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
economic
    policies and market conditions;

    
    
    

    
    
unexpected
    changes in regulatory requirements;

    
    
    

    
    
challenges
    in managing and staffing international operations;

    
    
    

    
    
tax
    issues
 such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;

    
    
    

    
    
currency
    fluctuations;

    
    
    

    
    
challenges
    in collecting accounts receivable;

    
    
    

    
    
cultural
    and language differences;

    
    
    

    
    
protection
    of intellectual property; and

    
    
    

    
    
employment
    regulations.



    
    


There
can be no assurances that we would be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so
 our operations
might suffer.

If
we effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States
 the laws applicable to such company will
likely govern all of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights.

If
we effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States
 the laws of the country in which such company
operates will govern almost all of the material agreements relating to its operations. There can be no assurances that the target
business will be able to enforce any of its material agreements or that remedies will be available in this new jurisdiction. The
system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation
as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant
loss of business
 business opportunities or capital. Additionally
 if we acquire a company located outside of the United States
it is likely that substantially all of our assets would be located outside of the United States and some of our officers and directors
might reside outside of the United States. As a result
 it may not be possible for investors in the United States to enforce their
legal rights
 to effect service of process upon our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated
upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of our directors and officers under Federal securities laws.

Because
we must furnish our shareholders with financial statements of the target business prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP or IFRS
as issued by the IASB or reconciled to U.S. GAAP
 we may not be able to complete an initial business combination with some prospective
target businesses.

The
federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial
significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. These financial statements
may be required to be prepared in accordance with
 or be reconciled to
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America
 or GAAP
 or international financial reporting standards
 or IFRS
 depending on the circumstances
 and the historical
financial statements are required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States)
 or PCAOB. The financial statements may also be required to be prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for the Form
8-K announcing the closing of an initial business combination
 which would need to be filed within four business days thereafter.
These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire.

Compliance
with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 will require substantial financial and management resources and may increase the time and
costs of completing an acquisition.

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or
an accelerated filer will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement
on our internal control over financial reporting. Further
 for as long as we remain an emerging growth company
 we will not be
required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over
financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our
initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its
internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.

We
are an &#8220;emerging growth company&#8221; and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging
growth companies will make our securities less attractive to investors.

We
are an &#8220;emerging growth company
&#8221; as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the
earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering
(b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion
 or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated
filer
 which means the market value of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700
million as of the prior June 30
 and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during
the prior three year period. As an emerging growth company
 we are not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 we have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements
 and we are exempt from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation
and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Additionally
 as an emerging growth company
we have elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and
private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As such
 our financial statements may not be comparable to
companies that comply with public company effective dates. We cannot predict if investors will find our shares less attractive
because we may rely on these provisions. If some investors find our shares less attractive as a result
 there may be a less active
trading market for our shares and our share price may be more volatile.


    
    


Further
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies (that is
 those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared
effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised
financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and
comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We
have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has
different application dates for public or private companies
 we
 as an emerging growth company
 will not adopt the new or revised
standard until the time private companies are required to adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial
statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted
out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards
used.

We
may be a passive foreign investment company
 which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors.

If
we are determined to be a PFIC (under the rules described below) for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in
the holding period of a U.S. Holder (as defined below) of our ordinary shares or warrants
 the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse
U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. The term &#8220;U.S. Holder&#8221;
means a beneficial owner of ordinary shares or warrants who or that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: (i) an individual
citizen or resident of the United States
 (ii) a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for United States federal
income tax purposes) that is created or organized (or treated as created or organized) in or under the laws of the United States
any state thereof or the District of Columbia
 (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to United States federal income
taxation regardless of its source or (iv) a trust if (A) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision
over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the
trust
 or (B) it has in effect a valid election to be treated as a U.S. person.

A
foreign (i.e.
 non-U.S.) corporation will be a PFIC for U.S. tax purposes if at least 75% of its gross income in a taxable year
including its pro rata share of the gross income of any corporation in which it is considered to own at least 25% of the shares
by value
 is passive income. Alternatively
 a foreign corporation will be a PFIC if at least 50% of its assets in a taxable year
of the foreign corporation
 ordinarily determined based on fair market value and averaged quarterly over the year
 including its
pro rata share of the assets of any corporation in which it is considered to own at least 25% of the shares by value
 are held
for the production of
 or produce
 passive income. Passive income generally includes dividends
 interest
 rents and royalties
(other than rents or royalties derived from the active conduct of a trade or business) and gains from the disposition of passive
assets.

Because
we are a blank check company
 with no current active business
 we believe that it is likely that we will meet the PFIC asset or
income test for the taxable year ending December 31
 2020. However
 pursuant to a start-up exception
 a corporation will not be
a PFIC for the first taxable year the corporation has gross income (the &#8220;start-up year&#8221;
 which in our case is the
taxable year ending December 31
 2019)
 if (1) no predecessor of the corporation was a PFIC; (2) the corporation satisfies the
IRS that it will not be a PFIC for either of the two taxable years following the start-up year; and (3) the corporation is not
in fact a PFIC for either of those years. Because we did not complete a business combination on or prior to December 31
 2020
it is likely that we did not qualify for the start-up exception and thus it is likely we have been a PFIC since our inception.

If
we are determined to be a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder
of our ordinary shares or warrants and
 in the case of our ordinary shares
 the U.S. Holder did not make either a timely qualified
electing fund (&#8220;QEF&#8221;) election for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder held (or was deemed to
hold) ordinary shares or a timely &#8220;mark to market&#8221; election
 each as described below
 such holder generally will be
subject to special rules with respect to:



    
    
any
    gain recognized by the U.S. Holder on the sale or other disposition of its ordinary shares or warrants; and

    
    
    

    
    
any
    &#8220;excess distribution&#8221; made to the U.S. Holder (generally
 any distributions to such U.S. Holder during a taxable
    year of the U.S. Holder that are greater than 125% of the average annual distributions received by such U.S. Holder in respect
    of the ordinary shares during the three preceding taxable years of such U.S. Holder or
 if shorter
 such U.S. Holder&#8217;s
    holding period for the ordinary shares).


Under
these rules




    
    
the
    U.S. Holder&#8217;s gain or excess distribution will be allocated ratably over the U.S. Holder&#8217;s holding period for
    the ordinary shares and warrants (as applicable);

    
    
    

    
    
the
    amount allocated to the U.S. Holder&#8217;s taxable year in which the U.S. Holder recognized the gain or received the excess
    distribution
 or to the period in the U.S. Holder&#8217;s holding period before the first day of our first taxable year in
    which we are a PFIC
 will be taxed as ordinary income;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    amount allocated to other taxable years (or portions thereof) of the U.S. Holder and included in its holding period will be
    taxed at the highest tax rate in effect for that year and applicable to the U.S. Holder; and

    
    
    

    
    
the
    interest charge generally applicable to underpayments of tax will be imposed in respect of the tax attributable to each such
    other taxable year of the U.S. Holder.



    
    


In
general
 if we are determined to be a PFIC
 a U.S. Holder may avoid the PFIC tax consequences described above in respect to our
ordinary shares (but not our warrants) by making a timely QEF election (if eligible to do so) to include in income its pro rata
share of our net capital gains (as long-term capital gain) and other earnings and profits (as ordinary income)
 on a current basis
in each case whether or not distributed
 in the taxable year of the U.S. Holder in which or with which our taxable year ends.
A U.S. Holder generally may make a separate election to defer the payment of taxes on undistributed income inclusions under the
QEF rules
 but if deferred
 any such taxes will be subject to an interest charge.

A
U.S. Holder may not make a QEF election with respect to its warrants to acquire our ordinary shares. As a result
 if a U.S. Holder
sells or otherwise disposes of such warrants (other than upon exercise of such warrants)
 any gain recognized generally will be
subject to the special tax and interest charge rules treating the gain as an excess distribution
 as described above
 if we were
a PFIC at any time during the period the U.S. Holder held the warrants. If a U.S. Holder that exercises such warrants properly
makes a QEF election with respect to the newly acquired ordinary shares (or has previously made a QEF election with respect to
our ordinary shares)
 the QEF election will apply to the newly acquired ordinary shares
 but the adverse tax consequences relating
to PFIC shares
 adjusted to take into account the current income inclusions resulting from the QEF election
 will continue to
apply with respect to such newly acquired ordinary shares (which generally will be deemed to have a holding period for purposes
of the PFIC rules that includes the period the U.S. Holder held the warrants)
 unless the U.S. Holder makes a purging election.
The purging election creates a deemed sale of such shares at their fair market value. The gain recognized by the purging election
will be subject to the special tax and interest charge rules treating the gain as an excess distribution
 as described above.
As a result of the purging election
 the U.S. Holder will have a new basis and holding period in the ordinary shares acquired
upon the exercise of the warrants for purposes of the PFIC rules.

The
QEF election is made on a shareholder-by-shareholder basis and
 once made
 can be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. A
QEF election may not be made with respect to our warrants. A U.S. Holder generally makes a QEF election by attaching a completed
IRS Form 8621 (Return by a Shareholder of a Passive Foreign Investment Company or Qualified Electing Fund)
 including the information
provided in a PFIC annual information statement
 to a timely filed U.S. federal income tax return for the tax year to which the
election relates. Retroactive QEF elections generally may be made only by filing a protective statement with such return and if
certain other conditions are met or with the consent of the IRS. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding
the availability and tax consequences of a retroactive QEF election under their particular circumstances.

In
order to comply with the requirements of a QEF election
 a U.S. Holder must receive a PFIC annual information statement from us.
If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year
 we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the IRS may
require
 including a PFIC annual information statement
 in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a QEF election.
However
 there is no assurance that we will have timely knowledge of our status as a PFIC in the future or of the required information
to be provided.

If
a U.S. Holder has made a QEF election with respect to our ordinary shares
 and the special tax and interest charge rules do not
apply to such shares (because of a timely QEF election for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder holds (or
is deemed to hold) such shares or a purge of the PFIC taint pursuant to a purging election
 as described above)
 any gain recognized
on the sale of our ordinary shares generally will be taxable as capital gain and no interest charge will be imposed under the
PFIC rules. As discussed above
 U.S. Holders of a QEF are currently taxed on their pro rata shares of its earnings and profits
whether or not distributed. In such case
 a subsequent distribution of such earnings and profits that were previously included
in income generally should not be taxable as a dividend to such U.S. Holders. The tax basis of a U.S. Holder&#8217;s shares in
a QEF will be increased by amounts that are included in income
 and decreased by amounts distributed but not taxed as dividends
under the above rules.

Although
a determination as to our PFIC status will be made annually
 an initial determination that our company is a PFIC will generally
apply for subsequent years to a U.S. Holder who held ordinary shares or warrants while we were a PFIC
 whether or not we meet
the test for PFIC status in those subsequent years. A U.S. Holder who makes the QEF election discussed above for our first taxable
year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) our ordinary shares
 however
 will not be subject to the
PFIC tax and interest charge rules discussed above in respect to such shares. In addition
 such U.S. Holder will not be subject
to the QEF inclusion regime with respect to such shares for any taxable year of us that ends within or with a taxable year of
the U.S. Holder and in which we are not a PFIC. On the other hand
 if the QEF election is not effective for each of our taxable
years in which we are a PFIC and the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) our ordinary shares
 the PFIC rules discussed above
will continue to apply to such shares unless the holder makes a purging election
 as described above
 and pays the tax and interest
charge with respect to the gain inherent in such shares attributable to the pre-QEF election period.


    
    


Alternatively
if a U.S. Holder
 at the close of its taxable year
 owns shares in a PFIC that are treated as marketable stock
 the U.S. Holder
may make a mark-to-market election with respect to such shares for such taxable year. If the U.S. Holder makes a valid mark-to-market
election for the first taxable year of the U.S. Holder in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) ordinary shares in
us and for which we are determined to be a PFIC
 such holder generally will not be subject to the PFIC rules described above in
respect to its ordinary shares. Instead
 in general
 the U.S. Holder will include as ordinary income each year the excess
 if
any
 of the fair market value of its ordinary shares at the end of its taxable year over the adjusted basis in its ordinary shares.
The U.S. Holder also will be allowed to take an ordinary loss in respect of the excess
 if any
 of the adjusted basis of its ordinary
shares over the fair market value of its ordinary shares at the end of its taxable year (but only to the extent of the net amount
of previously included income as a result of the mark-to-market election). The U.S. Holder&#8217;s basis in its ordinary shares
will be adjusted to reflect any such income or loss amounts
 and any further gain recognized on a sale or other taxable disposition
of the ordinary shares will be treated as ordinary income. Currently
 a mark-to-market election likely may not be made with respect
to our warrants.

The
mark-to-market election is available only for stock that is regularly traded on a national securities exchange that is registered
with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 including the Nasdaq Capital Market
 or on a foreign exchange or market that the
IRS determines has rules sufficient to ensure that the market price represents a legitimate and sound fair market value. U.S.
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability and tax consequences of a mark-to-market election in
respect to our ordinary shares under their particular circumstances.

If
we are a PFIC and
 at any time
 have a foreign subsidiary that is classified as a PFIC
 U.S. Holders generally would be deemed
to own a portion of the shares of such lower-tier PFIC
 and generally could incur liability for the deferred tax and interest
charge described above if we receive a distribution from
 or dispose of all or part of our interest in
 the lower-tier PFIC or
the U.S. Holders otherwise were deemed to have disposed of an interest in the lower-tier PFIC. We will endeavor to cause any lower-tier
PFIC to provide to a U.S. Holder the information that may be required to make or maintain a QEF election with respect to the lower-tier
PFIC. However
 there is no assurance that we will have timely knowledge of the status of any such lower-tier PFIC. In addition
we may not hold a controlling interest in any such lower-tier PFIC and thus there can be no assurance we will be able to cause
the lower-tier PFIC to provide the required information. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the
tax issues raised by lower-tier PFICs.

A
U.S. Holder that owns (or is deemed to own) shares in a PFIC during any taxable year of the U.S. Holder
 may have to file an IRS
Form 8621(whether or not a QEF or market-to-market election is made) and such other information as may be required by the U.S.
Treasury Department.

The
rules dealing with PFICs and with the QEF and mark-to-market elections are very complex and are affected by various factors in
addition to those described above. Accordingly
 U.S. Holders of our ordinary shares or warrants should consult their own tax advisors
concerning the application of the PFIC rules to our ordinary shares or warrants under their particular circumstances.

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

Not
applicable.

ITEM
2. PROPERTY

We
do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. We maintain our principal executive
offices at Calle 113 # 7-45 Torre B
 Oficina 1012
 Bogot&#225;
 Colombia. This space is being provided to us at no cost by a
third party affiliated with Julio Torres
 our Chief Executive Officer and one of our directors. We consider our current office
space
 combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers
 adequate for our current operations.

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

To
the knowledge of our management
 there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us
 any of our officers or directors
in their capacity as such or against any of our property.

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not
applicable.


    
    


PART
II

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES


Market
                                         Information

Our
units
 ordinary shares
 right
 and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market (&#8220;Nasdaq&#8221;) under the symbols &#8220;ANDAU&#8221;
&#8220;ANDA&#8221;
 &#8220;ANDAR&#8221; and &#8220;ANDAW&#8221;
 respectively. Our units commenced public trading on January 29
2019 and our ordinary shares
 rights
 and warrants commenced separate public trading on March 6
 2019.





As
of February 5
 2021
 there were 14 holders of record of our units
 19 holders of record of our ordinary shares
 2 holders of record
of our rights
 and 1 holder of record of our warrants.




We
have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion
of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be contingent upon our revenues and earnings
 if any
capital requirements
 and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends
subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention
of our board of directors to retain all earnings
 if any
 for use in our business operations and
 accordingly
 our board does
not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. Further
 if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our
initial business combination
 our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection
therewith.


Securities
                                         Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 




Recent
                                         Sales of Unregistered Securities 




Purchases
                                         of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 



ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Not
applicable.

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT&#8217;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The
following discussion and analysis of the Company&#8217;s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in &#8220;Item 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data&#8221; of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis
set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these
forward-looking statements as a result of many factors
 including those set forth under &#8220;Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements
&#8221; &#8220;Item 1A. Risk Factors&#8221; and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Recent
Developments

On
July 29
 2020
 we held a special meeting pursuant to which our shareholders approved extending the date by which we had to complete
a Business Combination from July 31
 2020 to October 31
 2020 (or December 31
 2020 if we had executed a definitive agreement
for a Business Combination by October 31
 2020). In connection with the approval of the extension
 shareholders elected to redeem
an aggregate of 4
303
096 ordinary shares. As a result
 an aggregate of $44
063
656 (or approximately $10.24 per share) was released
from the Trust Account to pay such shareholders.

On
October 28
 2020
 we held a special meeting pursuant to which our shareholders approved extending the date by which we had to
complete a Business Combination from October 31
 2020 to January 31
 2021 (or April 30
 2021 if we have executed a definitive
agreement for a Business Combination by January 31
 2021). In connection with the approval of the extension
 shareholders elected
to redeem an aggregate of 5
174
508 ordinary shares. As a result
 an aggregate of $52
996
135 (or approximately $10.24 per share)
was released from the Trust Account to pay such shareholders and 4
417
396 ordinary shares were issued and outstanding
at December 31
 2020.

On
November 4
 2020
 we announced the mutual termination of negotiations with EMMAC Life Sciences Limited regarding the proposed
business combination between the parties.


    
    


On
January 5
 2021
 we received a written notice (the &#8220;Notice&#8221;) from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq
Stock Market (&#8220;Nasdaq&#8221;) indicating that we are not in compliance with Listing Rule 5620(a)
 due to our failure to
hold an annual meeting of stockholders within twelve months of the end of our fiscal year end. The Notice is only a notification
of deficiency
 not of imminent delisting
 and has no current effect on the listing or trading of our securities on the Nasdaq
Capital Market. We held the 2020 general annual meeting on January 27
 2021. On February 2
 2021
 the Company received
a letter from Nasdaq indicating it had regained compliance with Listing Rule 5620(a).

On
January 27
 2021
 we held a special meeting pursuant to which our shareholders approved extending the date by which we had to
complete a Business Combination from January 31
 2021 to April 30
 2021 (or July 31
 2021 if we have executed a definitive agreement
for a Business Combination by April 30
 2021) (such date or later date
 as applicable
 the &#8220;Extended Date&#8221;). In connection
with the approval of the extension
 shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate of 300 ordinary shares. As a result
 an aggregate
of $3
073 (or approximately $10.24 per share) was released from our Trust Account to pay such shareholders and 4
417
096 ordinary
shares are now issued and outstanding.

On
January 28
 2021
 we entered into a definitive business combination agreement (the &#8220;Business Combination Agreement&#8221;)
pursuant to which
 subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein
 (i) we will re-domesticate as a Delaware corporation
(ii) Stryve Foods
 LLC (&#8220;Stryve&#8221;) will conduct a reorganization pursuant to which Stryve Foods Holdings LLC (&#8220;Stryve
Holdings&#8221;) will become a holding company for Stryve
 the former owners of Stryve will become the owners of Stryve Holdings
and Stryve will retain all of its business
 assets and liabilities
 and become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Stryve Holdings
 (iii)
Stryve Holdings will contribute to Andina Holdings LLC
 our subsidiary (&#8220;Andina Holdings&#8221;)
 the equity interests of
Stryve
 in exchange for newly issued non-voting membership interests of Andina Holdings and our voting (but non-economic) common
stock
 and (iv) we will contribute all of our cash and cash equivalents to Andina Holdings
 after payment of our shareholders
that elect to have their shares redeemed or converted in connection with the consummation of the Merger
 in exchange for newly
issued voting membership interests of Andina Holdings
 all upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Business
Combination Agreement.

Overview


We
are a blank check company formed on July 29
 2016 for the purpose of entering into a merger
 share exchange
 asset acquisition
stock purchase
 recapitalization
 reorganization or other similar Business Combination with one or more target businesses. We
intend to effectuate our initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale
of the Private Units
 our capital stock
 debt or a combination of cash
 stock and debt.

We
expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to
complete a Business Combination will be successful.

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities through December 31
 2020 were
organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for our Initial Public Offering
 described below
 and
 after our Initial
Public Offering
 identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues
until after the completion of our Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable
securities held in the Trust Account. We are incurring expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal
 financial reporting
accounting and auditing compliance)
 as well as for due diligence expenses.

For
the year ended December 31
 2020
 we had a net loss of $583
689
 which consists operating costs of $1
279
291
 offset by interest
income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $556
030 and an unrealized gain on marketable securities held in
our Trust Account of $142. In addition
 we received a $139
430 reimbursement of due diligence expenses that we incurred in connection
with evaluating a potential Business Combination that did not materialize.

For
the year ended December 31
 2019
 we had net income of $1
762
447
 which consists of interest income on marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of $2
136
694 and an unrealized gain on marketable securities held in our Trust Account of $12
428
offset by operating costs of $386
675.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

On
January 31
 2019
 we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 10
800
000 Units
 which included a partial exercise by the underwriters
of their over-allotment option in the amount of 800
000 Units
 at a price of $10.00 per Unit
 generating gross proceeds of $108
000
000.
Simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering we consummated the sale of 395
000 Private Units to certain initial
shareholders and the underwriters at a price of $10.00 per Unit
 generating gross proceeds of $3
950
000.

Following
our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Units
 a total of $108
000
000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred
$3
204
451 in Initial Public Offering related costs
 including $2
700
000 of underwriting fees and $504
451 of other costs.

As
of December 31
 2020
 we had cash and marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $13
545
503 (including approximately
$322
000 of interest income and unrealized gains) consisting of U.S. Treasury Bills with a maturity of 180 days or less. Interest
income on the balance in the Trust Account may be used by us to pay taxes. On April 9
 2020
 pursuant to the prospectus relating
to the IPO and the terms and conditions of the Investment Management Trust Agreement
 dated January 28
 2019
 by and between the
Company and Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company
 the Company withdrew $100
000 of interest income on the funds in the
trust account to support the Company&#8217;s working capital obligations.


    
    


For
the year ended December 31
 2020
 cash used in operating activities was $254
332. Net loss of $583
689 was impacted by interest
earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $556
030
 an unrealized gain on marketable securities held in our
Trust Account of $142 and changes in operating assets and liabilities
 which provided $885
529 of cash for operating activities.

For
the year ended December 31
 2019
 cash used in operating activities was $399
103. Net income of $1
762
447 was offset by interest
earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $2
136
694
 an unrealized gain on marketable securities held in our
Trust Account of $12
428 and changes in operating assets and liabilities
 which used $4
352 of cash for operating activities.

We
intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account
 including any amounts representing interest earned on
the Trust Account (less taxes payable) to complete our initial Business Combination. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account
to pay franchise and income taxes. To the extent that our equity or debt is used
 in whole or in part
 as consideration to complete
our initial Business Combination
 the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance
the operations of the target business or businesses
 make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies.

Following
our Initial Public Offering
 we entered into a letter agreement with a member of our board of directors that provides for a success
fee to be paid to such director upon consummation of a Business Combination with a target business introduced to us by such director
in an amount equal to 0.6% of the total consideration paid by us in the transaction
 subject to certain minimum and maximum amounts
set forth in the agreement.

In
addition
 we entered into several letter agreements with unaffiliated third parties that provide for a success fee to be paid
to each such third party upon consummation of a Business Combination with a target business introduced to us by such third party
in amounts ranging from 0.75% to 1% of the total consideration paid by us in the transaction
 subject to certain minimum and maximum
amounts set forth in the various agreements.

Related
to the business combination with Stryve
 we entered into engagement letters with Cowen and Craig-Hallum
 to be financial advisors
and placement agent to the transaction
 with an aggregate success fee of 2% of the transaction value and 6% fee of gross proceeds
raised as agents.

As
of December 31
 2020
 we had cash of $198
192 held outside of the Trust Account. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust
Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses
 perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses
travel to and from the offices
 plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners
review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses
 and structure
 negotiate and complete a Business
Combination.

We
will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from our Sponsor
 an affiliate of our Sponsor
 or
our officers or directors. Our officers
 directors and Sponsor
 or their affiliates
 may
 but are not obligated to
 loan us funds
from time to time or at any time
 in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion
 to meet our working capital
needs. Accordingly
 we may not be able to obtain additional financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital
 we may be
required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity
 which could include
 but not necessarily be limited to
 curtailing
operations
 suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction
 and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance
that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms
 if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern through the Extended Date
 which is the date we are required cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up if we have not completed a Business Combination.

Off-Balance
Sheet Financing Arrangements

We
have no obligations
 assets or liabilities
 which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31
 2020.
We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships
 often
referred to as variable interest entities
 which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet
arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements
 established any special purpose entities
guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities
 or purchased any non-financial assets.

Contractual
Obligations

We
do not have any long-term debt
 capital lease obligations
 operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities
 other than as
described below.

We
entered into an agreement to pay the joint book-running managers in our Initial Public Offering as advisors in connection with
a Business Combination to assist us in holding meetings with its shareholders to discuss the potential Business Combination and
the target business&#8217; attributes
 introduce us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing our securities in
connection with a Business Combination
 assist us in obtaining shareholder approval for the Business Combination and assist us
with its press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. We will pay the joint book-running managers
aggregate cash fees for such services upon the consummation of a Business Combination in an amount equal to $3
240
000 (exclusive
of any applicable finders&#8217; fees which might become payable). If a proposed Business Combination is not consummated for any
reason during the 18-month period from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (as such period may be extended)
 no fee will
be due or payable to the advisors.


    
    


We
entered into a letter agreement with a member of our board of directors that provides for a success fee to be paid to such director
upon consummation of a Business Combination with a target business introduced to us by such director in an amount equal to 0.6%
of the total consideration paid by us in the transaction
 subject to certain minimum and maximum amounts set forth in the agreement.

In
addition
 we entered into several letter agreements with unaffiliated third parties that provide for a success fee to be paid
to each such third party upon consummation of a Business Combination with a target business introduced to us by such third party
in amounts ranging from 0.75% to 1.0% of the total consideration paid by us in the transaction
 subject to certain minimum and
maximum amounts set forth in the various agreements.

Related
to the business combination with Stryve
 we entered into engagement letters with Cowen and Craig-Hallum
 to be financial advisors
and placement agent to the transaction
 with an aggregate success fee of 2% of the transaction value and 6% fee of gross proceeds
raised as agents.

Critical
Accounting Policies

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities
 disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and income and expenses
during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical
accounting policies:

Ordinary
Shares Subject to Redemption

We
account for our ordinary shares subject to possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification
(&#8220;ASC&#8221;) Topic 480 &#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.&#8221; Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption
are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary
shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence
of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times
 ordinary shares are
classified as shareholders&#8217; equity. Our ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside
of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly
 ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
are presented at redemption value as temporary equity
 outside of the shareholders&#8217; equity section of our balance sheets.

Net
Loss Per Ordinary Share

We
apply the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
 which are not currently
redeemable and are not redeemable at fair value
 have been excluded from the calculation of basic net loss per ordinary share
since such shares
 if redeemed
 only participate in their pro rata share of the Trust Account earnings. Our net income is adjusted
for the portion of income that is attributable to ordinary shares subject to redemption
 as these shares only participate in the
earnings of the Trust Account and not our income or losses.

Recent
Accounting Standards

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards
 if currently adopted
 would have
a material effect on our financial statements.

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

Following
the consummation of our Initial Public Offering
 the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering
 including amounts in the Trust
Account
 have been invested in U.S. government treasury bills
 notes or bonds with a maturity of 180 days or less or in certain
money market funds that invest solely in US treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments
 we believe there will
be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk.

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

This
information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference.

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure




    
    


Item
9A. Controls and Procedures.

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed under the Exchange Act
 such as this Report
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time period specified
in the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer
 as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated
 with the participation of our current chief
executive officer and chief financial officer (our &#8220;Certifying Officers&#8221;)
 the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of December 31
 2020
 pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation
 our Certifying
Officers concluded that
 as of December 31
 2020
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls
and procedures
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives
of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further
 the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the
fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent
limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures
 no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute
assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud
 if any. The design of disclosure controls
and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.

Management&#8217;s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management
 including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
 we conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2020
 based on the
criteria established in Internal Control &#8212; Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this evaluation
 our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was effective as of December 31
 2020.

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management&#8217;s assessment regarding internal control over financial
reporting or an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act.

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of
the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially
affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION



PART
III

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Directors
and Executive Officers

Our
current directors and executive officers are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

Julio
    A. Torres
    
    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer and Director

Mauricio
    Orellana
    
    
    
Chief
    Operating Officer and Director

Marjorie
    Hernandez
    
    
    
    

B.
    Luke Weil
    
    
    
Executive
    Chairman 

Matthew
    S. N. Kibble
    
    
    
    

David
    Schulhof
    
    
    
    

Walter
    M. Schenker 
    
    
    
    

Roman
    Raju
    
    
    
    


Julio
 has served as our Chief Executive Officer since August 2018 and as a member of our Board of Directors since
November 2018. Since 2013
 he has been a managing partner at Multiple Equilibria Capital
 a financial advisory firm covering Latin
and Central America. From October 2015 to March 2018
 Mr. Torres served as CEO of Andina Acquisition Corp. II on the deal that
resulted in the merger with Lazydays. Between 2012 and 2013
 Mr. Torres served as the co-CEO and board member of Andina Acquisition
Corp. I. Since the merger with Tecnoglass he has continued as a board member of the merged entity. Prior to that he was managing
director of Nexus Capital Partners
 a private equity firm focused in the infrastructure sector in the Andean region. From 2006
to 2008
 Mr. Torres served with the Colombian Ministry of Finance as director general of public credit and the treasury. He has
also worked in other well recognized institutions in the financial sector such as JP Morgan Chase and is currently a board member
of several companies in the region including Tuscany Oilfield Holdings
 Fiduprevisora
 and Serfinansa. Mr. Torres graduated from
the Universidad de los Andes and received an M.B.A. from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University
and a master in public administration from the J.F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. We believe Mr. Torres
is well-qualified to serve as a member of our Board due to his contacts and prior experience with Andina I and Andina II.


    
    


Mauricio
 has served as our Chief Operating Officer since September 2016 and a member of our Board of Directors since November
2018. Since 2013
 Mr. Orellana has served as a financial consultant to companies in Latin America in the media
 infrastructure
and services sectors. From August 2015 to March 2018
 Mr. Orellana served as Chief Financial Officer and a member of the board
of directors of Andina II. From 2005 to 2013
 Mr. Orellana was a Managing Director at Stephens Inc.
 a private investment banking
firm. From 2000 to 2005
 Mr. Orellana was a Vice President and Managing Director at Cori Capital Partners
 L.P.
 a financial services
firm. Prior to this
 he served as Investment Officer for Emerging Markets Partnership and Inter-American Investment Corporation
each private investment firms. Mr. Orellana received a degree in electrical engineering from the Universidad Central de Venezuela
and an M.B.A. from the Instituto de Education Superior de Administracion. We believe Mr. Orellana is well-qualified to serve as
a member of our Board due to his contacts and prior experience with Andina II.

Marjorie
 has served as our Treasurer since September 2016. Ms. Hernandez served as Secretary of Andina II from August
2015 and as Treasurer from October 2015
 in each case until March 2018. She was also an initial investor and advisor to Andina
I. From 2008 to 2015
 Ms. Hernandez served as senior currency strategist for Latin America at HSBC Securities (USA). From 2005
to 2008
 she was the lead macro-economic and political analyst for HSBC
 covering the Andean region. Previously
 she was a public
policy associate at the Council of the Americas
 a forum dedicated to the contemporary political
 social
 and economic issues
in Latin America. Ms. Hernandez received a B.A. from Columbia University.

B.
 has served as our Executive Chairman since July 2020. In October 2014
 he founded the Long Island Marine Purification
Initiative
 a non-profit foundation established to improve the water quality on Long Island
 New York
 and has served as its Chairman
since such time. In November 2012
 he also co-founded Rios Nete
 a medical clinic in the upper Amazon region of Peru. Mr. Weil
served as Chief Executive Officer of Andina II from its inception in July 2015 until August 2015
 served as a member of its Board
of Directors from its inception until its business combination with Lazy Days&#8217; R.V. Center
 Inc. (including as Non-Executive
Chairman of the Board from February 2016 until the business combination) and has served as a director of the newly formed public
company
 Lazydays Holdings
 Inc.
 since the business combination. From 2008 to 2013
 Mr. Weil was Vice President
 International
Business Development &#8212; Latin America for Scientific Games Corporation
 a supplier of technology-based products
 systems
and services to gaming markets worldwide. From January 2013 until its merger in December 2013
 Mr. Weil served as Chief Executive
Officer of Andina 1 and previously served as a member of its board from September 2011 until March 2012. From January 2004 to
January 2006
 Mr. Weil served as an associate of Business Strategies &amp; Insight
 a public affairs and business consulting firm.
From June 2002 to December 2004
 Mr. Weil served as an analyst at Bear Stearns. Mr. Weil received a B.A. from Brown University
and an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School. We believe Mr. Weil is well-qualified to serve as a member of our Board due to his
contacts and prior experience with Andina I and Andina II.

Matthew
 has served as a member of our Board of Directors since November 2018. In November 2013
 Mr. Kibble founded
Australy International LLC
 a boutique investment bank
 and has served as a Partner since. He also is the founder and Managing
Partner of Kibble Holdings
 a private investment vehicle. Since July 2013
 he has also served as Principal and an advisor to Cap-Meridian
Ventures
 a venture capital firm. From October 2010 to July 2013
 Mr. Kibble was the Founder and Chief Operating Officer of Everlight
Capital
 LLC
 a boutique investment bank. From June 2009 to June 2010
 Mr. Kibble served as Executive Director of The Westrock
Group
 Inc.
 a broker-dealer and asset management firm. From November 2005 to May 2009
 Mr. Kibble was with JPMorgan Securities
Inc. where he worked in the institutional equities and derivatives section. Prior to this
 Mr. Kibble was an analyst at JPMorgan
Chase and GMCG
 LLC. Mr. Kibble is currently a director of Kibble Pet
 Sargon Capital and Selong Selo Developments
 all private
companies. Mr. Kibble served as a member of the Board of Directors of Andina II from August 2015 until its business combination
with Lazy Days&#8217; R.V. Center
 Inc. Mr. Kibble received a Bachelor of Science and a Bachelor of Commerce from the University
of Queensland in Australia. We believe Mr. Kibble is well-qualified to serve as a member of our Board due to his contacts and
prior experience with Andina II.

David
 has served as a member of our Board of Directors since November 2018. Mr. Schulhof has served as President of
Music at AGC Studios since January 2018 and is the co-founder and President of IM Global Music which he founded in December 2014.
From March 2012 to November 2014
 he was a Managing Director at G2 Investment Group
 an offshoot of New York private equity firm
Guggenheim Partners
 focusing on the firm&#8217;s media investments. Prior to G2
 he was the Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer
of Evergreen Copyrights from January 2005 through December 2010
 which pursued a global acquisition strategy. Mr. Schulhof and
his partners built Evergreen into one of the leading independent music publishing companies worldwide and in 2010 sold Evergreen
to KKR/BMG Rights Management. Before launching Evergreen
 from 1997 to 2004
 he was Vice President of Motion Picture Music at
Miramax and Dimension Films. Prior to joining Miramax
 he was a lawyer at the law offices of Pryor Cashman Sherman and Flynn
representing film
 music and TV clients. He began his career at Interscope Records. Mr. Schulhof served as Director of MI Acquisitions
Inc.
 a blank check company that successfully completed a business combination with Priority Holdings LLC. Mr. Schulhof received
a B.A. from Georgetown University and a J.D. from the NYU School of Law. We believe Mr. Schulhof is well-qualified to serve as
a member of our Board due to his prior experience including with MI Acquisitions Inc.


    
    


Walter
 has served as a member of our Board of Directors since April 2019. Mr. Schenker has been a principal at MAZ
Capital Advisors LLC
 the general partner of MAZ Partners LP
 a hedge fund
 since June 2010. From 1999 to 2010
 Mr. Schenker was
a principal at Titan Capital Management
 LLC
 a registered investment adviser and hedge fund. Prior to this
 he was affiliated
with several hedge funds and brokerage firms
 including Steinhardt Partners
 Bear Stearns
 Gabelli &amp; Company
 Inc.
 Lehman
Brothers and Drexel Burnham Lambert. Mr. Schenker is currently on the board of directors and a member of the audit committee of
TechPrecision Corp.
 a manufacturer of precision
 large-scale fabricated and machined metal components and systems. He previously
served on the board of directors and as chairman of the compensation committee and member of the audit committee of Sevcon
 Inc.
a NASDAQ-listed global supplier of control and power solutions for zero-emission
 electric and hybrid vehicles
 from 2013 until
that company&#8217;s acquisition in September 2017. Mr. Schenker holds a B.S. from Cornell University and an M.B.A. in Finance
from Columbia University. We believe Mr. Schenker is well-qualified to serve as a member of our Board due to his contacts and
prior experience in the financial industry.

Roman
 has served as a member of the Andina Board since July 2020. Dr. Raju is a practicing physician specializing in Neuroradiology.
Since July 2018
 Dr. Raju has been a partner of Radiology Partners Inc. From 2013 until June 2018
 Dr. Raju was a physician practicing
with West Houston Radiology Associates
 LLP
 which was acquired by Radiology Partners in 2018. Dr. Raju completed an Internal
Medicine internship at University of Texas at Southwestern
 a Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology residency at SUNY Downstate/
Kings County
 and a Neuroradiology fellowship at Duke University. Dr. Raju holds a B.S. in Neuroscience from Tulane University
a M.D. from Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons
 and a M.B.A from Columbia Business School. Dr. Raju is well-qualified
to serve as a member of the Andina Board due to his experience in investment.

Our
board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class serving
a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors
 consisting of David Schulhof and Walter M. Schenker
 will
expire at our first annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the second class of directors
 consisting of Mauricio
Orellana and Matthew S. N. Kibble
 will expire at the second annual meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors
consisting of B. Luke Weil and Julio Torres
 will expire at the third annual meeting.

Director
Independence

Our
board has determined that each of Roman Raju
 Matthew S. N. Kibble
 David Schulhof and Walter M. Schenker is an &#8220;independent
director&#8221; under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled
meetings at which only independent directors are present.

Any
affiliated transactions will be on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Our board of
directors will review and approve all affiliated transactions with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval.

Audit
Committee

Effective
January 28
 2019
 we established an audit committee of the board of directors
 in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange
Act
 which consists of Messrs. Kibble
 Schulhof and Schenker
 each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq&#8217;s listing
standards. The audit committee&#8217;s duties
 which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter
 include
 but are not limited
to:



    
    
meeting
                                         with the independent auditor prior to the audit to review the scope
 planning and staffing
                                         of the audit;
        

    
    
reviewing
                                         and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial
                                         statements
 and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements should
                                         be included in our Form 10-K;
        

    
    
reviewing
    and discussing with management and the independent auditor the Company&#8217;s quarterly financial statements prior to the
    filing of its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 including the results of the independent auditor&#8217;s review of the quarterly
    financial statements;

    
    
discussing
    with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the
    preparation of our financial statements;

    
    
    

    
    
discussing
    with management major risk assessment and risk management policies;

    
    
    

    
    
monitoring
    the independence of the independent auditor;

    
    
    

    
    
verifying
    the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner
    responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law;

    
    
    

    
    
reviewing
    and approving all related-party transactions;

    
    
    

    
    
inquiring
    and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

    
    
    

    
    
pre-approving
    all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor
 including the fees and terms
    of the services to be performed;




    
    
appointing
    or replacing the independent auditor;

    
    
    

    
    
determining
    the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management
    and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related
    work;

    
    
    

    
    
establishing
    procedures for the receipt
 retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting
 internal accounting
    controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and

    
    
    

    
    
approving
    reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses.



    
    


Financial
Experts on Audit Committee

The
audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of &#8220;independent directors&#8221; who are &#8220;financially literate&#8221;
as defined under Nasdaq&#8217;s listing standards. In addition
 we must certify to Nasdaq that the committee has
 and will continue
to have
 at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting
 requisite professional certification
in accounting
 or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual&#8217;s financial sophistication. The
board of directors has determined that Mr. Matthew S. N. Kibble qualifies as an &#8220;audit committee financial expert
&#8221;
as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC.

Nominating
Committee

Effective
January 28
 2019
 we established a nominating committee of the board of directors
 which consists of Messrs. Kibble and Schulhof
each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq&#8217;s listing standards. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing
the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified
by its members
 management
 shareholders
 investment bankers and others.

Guidelines
for Selecting Director Nominees

The
guidelines for selecting nominees
 which are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter
 generally provide that persons to
be nominated:



    
    
should
    have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business
 education or public service;

    
    
    

    
    
should
    possess the requisite intelligence
 education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors
    and bring a range of skills
 diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and

    
    
    

    
    
should
    have the highest ethical standards
 a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the
    shareholders.


The
Nominating Committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience
 background
 and
integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person&#8217;s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating
committee may require certain skills or attributes
 such as financial or accounting experience
 to meet specific board needs that
arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse
mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons.

There
have been no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors.

Compensation
Committee

Effective
January 28
 2019
 we established a compensation committee of the board of directors
 which consists of Messrs. Kibble
 and Schulhof
each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq&#8217;s listing standards. The compensation committee&#8217;s duties
 which
are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter
 include
 but are not limited to:



    
    
reviewing
    and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer&#8217;s compensation
    evaluating our Chief Executive Officer&#8217;s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving
    the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation;

    
    
    

    
    
reviewing
    and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers;

    
    
    

    
    
reviewing
    our executive compensation policies and plans;

    
    
    

    
    
implementing
    and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;

    
    
    

    
    
assisting
    management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;

    
    
    

    
    
approving
    all special perquisites
 special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers
    and employees;

    
    
    

    
    
if
    required
 producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and

    
    
    

    
    
reviewing
    evaluating
 and recommending changes
 if appropriate
 to the remuneration for directors.



    
    


Code
of Ethics

Effective
January 28
 2019
 we adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers
 directors
 and employees. The code
of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers
 directors
 and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of
our equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Officers
directors
 and ten percent stockholders are required by regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.
Based solely on copies of such forms received or written representations from certain reporting persons that no Form 5s were required
for those persons
 we believe that
 during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020
 all filing requirements applicable to our
officers
 directors
 and greater than ten percent beneficial owners were complied with.

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Executive
Compensation

No
executive officer has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We may pay consulting
 finder or success fees
to our officers
 directors
 shareholders or their affiliates for assisting us in consummating our initial business combination.
They will also receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf
such as identifying potential target businesses
 performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business
combinations
 as well as traveling to and from the offices
 plants
 or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine
their operations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us.

After
our initial business combination
 members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
 management
 or other
fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to shareholders
 to the extent then known
 in the
proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders. The amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of a
shareholder meeting held to consider an initial business combination
 as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination
business to determine executive and director compensation. In this event
 such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the
time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K
 as required by the SEC.

Since
our formation
 we have not granted any stock options or stock appreciation rights or any other awards under long-term incentive
plans to any of our executive officers or directors.

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares
 as of February 5
 2021
 based
on information obtained from persons named below
 with respect to the beneficial ownership of ordinary shares by:



    
    
each
    person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding ordinary shares;

    
    
    

    
    
each
    of our officers and directors; and

    
    
    

    
    
all
    of our officers and directors as a group.


In
the table below
 percentage ownership is based on 4
417
096 ordinary shares as of February 5
 2021. Voting power represents the
combined voting power of ordinary shares owned beneficially by such person.


    
    


Unless
otherwise indicated
 we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all
ordinary shares beneficially owned by them.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Name
    and Address of Beneficial Owner 
    
    
Ordinary
    Shares

    
    
179
564
    

    
    
160
603
    

    
    
142
620
    

    
    
1
606
297
    

    
    
5
000
    

    
    
50
249
    

    
    
34
450
    

    
    
48
577
    

All directors and executive officers
    as a group (eight individuals)
    
2
27
360
    

    
    
502
124
    

Glazer Capital
 LLC
    
403
170
    







    
Less
    than 1%.

    
Unless
    otherwise indicated
 the business address of each of the individuals is Calle 113 # 7-45 Torre B
 Oficina 1012
 Bogot&#225;
    Colombia.

    
Includes
    598
957 shares held by LWEH3 LLC
 a limited liability company controlled by Mr. Weil. Includes 150
000 insider shares held
    by Andina Equity LLC
 a limited liability company controlled by Mr. Weil. Mr. Weil may have a right to some or all of the
    shares in Andina Equity LLC
 if they do not vest to Ms. Hernandez
 Mr. Torres
 Mr. Orellana and as indicated therein.

    
Includes
    34
450 shares held by MAZ Partners L.P.
 a limited partnership controlled by Mr. Schenker. Mr. Schenker disclaims beneficial
    ownership of the securities reported hereby except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.

    
According
    to a Form 4 filed with the SEC on November 5
 2020
 Glazer Capital
 LLC
 has the power to vote and direct the disposition
    of the shares. The address of the principal business office of Glazer Capital
 LLC is 250 West 55th Street
 Suite 30A
 New
    York
 New York 10019. 


All
of the insider shares outstanding prior to our initial public offering have been placed in escrow with Continental Stock Transfer
&amp; Trust Company
 as escrow agent
 until (1) with respect to 50% of the insider shares
 the earlier of one year after the date
of the consummation of our initial business combination and the date on which the closing price of our ordinary shares equals
or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits
 share dividends
 reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20
trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and (2) with respect to the remaining
50% of the insider shares
 one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination
 or earlier
 in either
case
 if
 subsequent to our initial business combination
 we consummate a liquidation
 merger
 share exchange or other similar
transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash
 securities or other property.

During
the escrow period
 the holders of the insider shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except (i) to any persons
(including their affiliates and members) that participated in the Private Placement of the private units
 (ii) for transfers to
our officers
 directors or their respective affiliates (including for transfers to an entity&#8217;s members upon its liquidation)
(iii) to relatives and trusts for estate planning purposes
 (iv) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death
(v) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order
 (vi) by certain pledges to secure obligations incurred in connection with
purchases of our securities
 (vii) by private sales made at or prior to the consummation of a business combination at prices no
greater than the price at which the shares were originally purchased or (viii) to us for no value for cancellation in connection
with the consummation of our initial business combination
 in each case (except for clause (viii) or with our prior consent) where
the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement
 but will retain all other rights as our shareholders
 including
 without
limitation
 the right to vote their ordinary shares and the right to receive cash dividends
 if declared. If dividends are declared
and payable in ordinary shares
 such dividends will also be placed in escrow. If we are unable to effect a business combination
and liquidate
 there will be no liquidation distribution with respect to the insider shares.

B.
Luke Weil is our &#8220;promoter
&#8221; as that term is defined under the federal securities laws.


    
    


Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Table 

As
of December 31
 2020
 we had no compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities
of the registrant were authorized for issuance.

Changes
in Control 



ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

In
July and August 2016
 we issued an aggregate of 2
875
000 ordinary shares to B. Luke Weil for $25
000 in cash
 at a purchase price
of approximately $0.009 share. Mr. Weil thereafter subsequently transferred certain insider shares to other initial shareholders
including the underwriters in our initial public offering
 at the same price originally paid for such shares. Simultaneously with
the initial public offering
 the underwriters partially exercised their over-allotment option for 800
000 of the total possible
1
500
000 additional units. Because the underwriters&#8217; exercised the over-allotment option in part
 our initial shareholders
forfeited an aggregate of 175
000 insider shares.

In
January 2019
 certain of our initial shareholders
 including the underwriters in our initial public offering
 purchased an aggregate
of 395
000 private units at $10.00 per unit (for a total purchase price of $3
950
000) in a private placement closed simultaneously
with the closing of our initial public offering. The private units are identical to the units sold in our initial public offering
except that the warrants underlying the private units are non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis
 in each case
so long as they continue to be held by the initial shareholders or their permitted transferees. The purchasers of the private
units have agreed (A) to vote the ordinary shares underlying the private units in favor of any proposed business combination
(B) not to propose
 or vote in favor of
 an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association with
respect to our pre-business combination activities prior to the consummation of such a business combination unless we provide
public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares in connection with any such vote
 (C) not to convert any
ordinary shares underlying the private units for cash from the trust account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve
a proposed initial business combination or a vote to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association relating to shareholders&#8217; rights or pre-business combination activity
 and (D) that the ordinary shares underlying
the private units shall not participate in any liquidating distribution from the trust account upon winding up if a business combination
is not consummated. The purchasers of private units have also agreed not to transfer
 assign or sell any of the private units
or underlying securities (except to certain permitted transferees) until the completion of our initial business combination.

If
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of
any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations
 he or she may be required to present such
business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us
 subject to his
or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties
or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us.

Our
officers and directors
 or any of their respective affiliates
 will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business
combinations. Our audit committee reviews
 on a quarterly basis
 all payments that were made to our officers
 directors or our
or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling
on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf.

Prior
to the consummation of our initial public offering
 B. Luke Weil
 the Chairman of our Board
 loaned us an aggregate of $34
259
which were used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering. The loans were fully repaid upon the closing of
our initial public offering.

In
order to meet its working capital needs following the consummation of our initial public offering
 our initial shareholders
 officers
and directors or their affiliates may
 but are not obligated to
 loan the Company funds
 from time to time or at any time
 in
whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would
either be paid upon consummation of the Company&#8217;s initial business combination
 without interest
 or
 at the lender&#8217;s
discretion
 up to $500
000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of the Company&#8217;s initial business combination
into additional private units at a price of $10.00 per unit. In the event that the initial business combination does not close
the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts
 but no proceeds
from the trust account would be used for such repayment.

We
entered into a letter agreement with a member of our board of directors that provides for a success fee to be paid to such director
upon consummation of a Business Combination with a target business introduced to us by such director in an amount equal to 0.6%
of the total consideration paid by us in the transaction
 subject to certain minimum and maximum amounts set forth in the agreement.

We
have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the insider shares
 private units and any securities issued
upon conversion of working capital loans (if any).


    
    


Item
14

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP
 or Marcum
 for services rendered.

Audit
Fees
and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for
professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements
 review of the financial information included
in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31
 2020 and
2019 totaled $53
560 and $50
500
 respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees
 as well as attendance
at audit committee meetings.

Audit-Related
Fees.
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under &#8220;Audit Fees.&#8221; These services include
attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting
standards. We did not pay Marcum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended
December 31
 2020 and 2019.

Tax
Fees
 2020 and 2019.

All
Other Fees
 2020 and 2019.

Pre-Approval
Policy

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result
 the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services
 although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our
board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee
 and on a going-forward basis
 the audit committee has and will
pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors
 including the fees
and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved
by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit).

Item
 Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules



    
    
The
    following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K:




    
    
Financial
    Statements:




    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    
Financial
    Statement Schedules:




(3)
Exhibits



Exhibit
                                         
    
    

    
    
Business Combination Agreement
 dated as of January 28
 2021
 by and among Andina Acquisition Corp. III
 Andina Holdings LLC
 B. Luke Weil in the capacity as the Purchaser Representative
 Stryve Foods LLC
 Stryve Foods Holdings
 LLC and R. Alex Hawkins in the capacity as the Seller Represenative.*

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Letter Agreement from each of the Registrant&#8217;s initial shareholders
 officers and directors.**

    
    
    

    
    
Stock Escrow Agreement between the Registrant
 Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company and the Initial Shareholders.*

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Subscription Agreement
 dated as of January 28
 2021
 by and among Andina Acquisition Corp. III
 Stryve Foods
 LLC and the investor named therein.*

    
    
Form of Registration Rights Agreement
 dated as of January 28
 2021
 by and among Andina Acquisition Corp
 III and the investors named therein.*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
pursuant to Section
    302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
    
    







    
Incorporated
    by reference to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 28
 2021

*
    *
Incorporated
    by reference to the Registrant&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (SEC File No. 333-228530).


ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY

Not
applicable.


    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized on the day of February 18
 2021.



    
ANDINA
    ACQUISITION CORP. III

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    Julio Torres

    
    
Julio
    Torres

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer


In
accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Julio Torres
    
Chief
    Executive Officer and Director
    
February
    18
 2021

Julio
    Torres
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Mauricio Orellana
    
Chief
    Financial Officer
    
February
    18
 2021

Mauricio
    Orellana
    
(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    B. Luke Weil
    
Executive
    Chairman
    
February
    18
 2021

B.
    Luke Weil
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Matthew S. N. Kibble
    
    
    
February
    18
 2021

Matthew
    S. N. Kibble
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    David Schulhof
    
    
    
February
    18
 2021

David
    Schulhof
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Walter M. Schenker
    
    
    
February
    18
 2021

Walter
    M. Schenker
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Roman Raju
    
    
    
February
    18
 2021

Roman
    Raju
    
    
    
    



    
    




ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    
    

Financial
    Statements:
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
F-7
    to F-15



    
    



REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To

Andina Acquisition Corp. III

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Andina Acquisition Corp. III (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) as of December 31
 2020
and 2019
 the related statements of operations
 changes in shareholders&#8217; equity and cash flows for each of the two years
in the period ended December 31
 2020
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &#8220;financial statements&#8221;).
In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of
December 31
 2020 and 2019
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended
December 31
 2020
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Explanatory
Paragraph &#8211; Going Concern

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully
described in Note 1 to the financial statements
 the Company&#8217;s business plan is dependent on the completion of
a business combination and the Company&#8217;s cash and working capital as of December 31
 2020 are not sufficient to complete
its planned activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.
Management&#8217;s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Notes 1 and 9. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis
for Opinion

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#8217;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company&#8217;s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the &#8220;PCAOB&#8221;) and are required to be independent with respect to
the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether
due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. As part of our audit
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether
due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/


Marcum


We
have served as the Company&#8217;s auditor since 2016

New
York
 NY

 2021


    
    



ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III
BALANCE
SHEETS



    
    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
198
192
352
254

    
    
8
076

    
198
192
360
600

    
    
    

    
13
545
503
110
149
122

    
13
743
695
110
509
722

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
883
176
5
723

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


767
10
344
 shares at redemption value at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
7
860
513
105
503
991

    
    
    

    
    
    


1
000
000

issued and outstanding
    
    


 $
100
000
 shares
3
650
3
550
shares issued
and outstanding (excluding 767
392 and 10
344
550 shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
    
    

    
3
849
880
3
266
203

    
1
149
761
1
733
450

    
5
000
006
5
000
008

    
    
    

    
13
743
695
110
509
722


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.


    
    


ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III
STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS



    
    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
279
291
386
675

    
139
430
    

    
1
139
861
386
675

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
556
030
2
136
694

    
    
12
428

    
556
172
2
149
122

    
    
    

    
583
689
1
762
447

    
    
    

Weighted average shares outstanding
 basic and diluted 
3
592
787
3
446
449

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
Excludes
767
10
344
 shares subject to possible redemption at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

    
Net
    loss per ordinary share &#8211; basic and diluted excludes income attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
39
2
058
 for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively (see Note 2).


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.


    
    



ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III
STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS&#8217; EQUITY



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
 Deficit)
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2019
2
875
000
    
24
713
28
977
3
997

    
    
    
    
    
    

10
800
 Units
 net of underwriting discounts
10
800
000
1
080
104
794
469
    
104
795
549

    
    
    
    
    
    

395
000
395
000
    
3
949
960
    
3
950
000

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
175
000
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
10
344
550
1
035
105
502
956
    
105
503
991

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
 shares
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
1
762
447
1
762
447

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2019
3
550
450
    
3
266
203
1
733
450
5
000
008

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2020
3
550
450
    
3
266
203
1
733
450
5
000
008

    
99
554
    
583
677
    
583
687

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
583
689
583
689

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2020
3
650
004
    
3
849
880
1
149
761
5
000
006


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.


    
    



ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III
STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS



    
    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
583
689
1
762
447

    
    
    

    
556
030
2
136
694

    
    
12
428

    
    
    

    
8
076
8
076

    
877
453
4
352

    
254
332
399
103

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
108
000
000

    
97
059
791
    

    
100
000
    

    
97
159
791
108
000
000

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of underwriting discounts paid
    
105
300
000

    
    
3
950
000

    
    
9
041

    
    
81
280

    
    
34
259

    
    
391
875

    
97
059
791
    

    
97
059
791
108
751
627

    
    
    

    
154
332
352
524

    
352
524
    

    
198
192
352
524

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
103
741
340

    
583
687
1
762
651


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.


    
    



ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2020

NOTE
1. 

Andina
Acquisition Corp. III (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on July 29
 2016 as a blank check company
for the purpose of effecting a merger
 share exchange
 asset acquisition
 share purchase
 recapitalization
 reorganization or
other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (a &#8220;Business Combination&#8221;). The Company&#8217;s
efforts to identify a prospective target business are not limited to a particular industry or geographic region
 although the
Company initially intended to focus on target businesses in the Americas.

All
activity through December 31
 2020 relates to the Company&#8217;s formation
 its initial public offering (the &#8220;Initial Public
Offering&#8221;)
 which is described below
 and since the closing of the Initial Public Offering
 activities in connection with
the announced and subsequently terminated proposed acquisition of EMMAC Life Sciences Limited
 (&#8220;EMMAC&#8221;) (which activities
ceased in November 2020) and activities in connection with the proposed acquisition of Stryve Foods LLC (&#8220;Stryve&#8221;)
as discussed in Note 9.

In
August 2020
139
 reimbursement for expenses that it incurred in connection with the due diligence
of evaluating a potential Business Combination that did not materialize.

Initial
Public Offering

The
registration statement for the Initial Public Offering (the &#8220;IPO&#8221;) was declared effective on January 24
 2019 pursuant
to Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;Securities Act&#8221;). On January 31
 2019
 the Company consummated
10
800
 units (the &#8220;Units&#8221; and
 with respect to the ordinary shares included in
the Units offered
 the &#8220;Public Shares&#8221;)
 which included a partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment
800
 Units
 per Unit
108
000
000
 which is described in Note
3.

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering
395
 units (the &#8220;Private Units&#8221;)
.00 per Private Unit in a private placement (the &#8220;Private Placement&#8221;) to certain shareholders
 or
their affiliates (collectively
 the &#8220;Initial Shareholders&#8221;) and the underwriters
3
950
000
which is described in Note 4.

Transaction
3
204
451
2
700
504
451

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering on January 31
 2019
 an amount of $108
000
000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds
of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Units was placed in a trust account (the &#8220;Trust
Account&#8221;)
 which has been invested in U.S. government securities
 within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the
Investment Company Act of 1940
 as amended (the &#8220;Investment Company Act&#8221;)
 with a maturity of 180 days or less or
in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment
Company Act
 as determined by the Company
 until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution
of the Trust Account to its shareholders
 as described below. The Company&#8217;s management has broad discretion with respect
to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and sale of the Private Units
 although substantially
all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. Placing funds in the
Trust Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against the Company. Although the Company will seek to have
all vendors
 service providers
 prospective target businesses or other entities it engages
 execute agreements with the Company
waiving any claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account
 there is no guarantee that such persons will execute
such agreements. One of the Company&#8217;s directors has agreed to be personally liable if the Company liquidates the Trust Account
prior to the consummation of a Business Combination to ensure that the proceeds held in the Trust Account are not reduced by the
claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by the Company for services rendered or
contracted for or products sold to the Company. However
 such director may not be able to satisfy those obligations should they
arise. The remaining net proceeds (not held in the Trust Account) may be used to pay for business
 legal and accounting due diligence
on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses. Additionally
 the interest earned on the Trust
100
 may be released to
pay for the Company&#8217;s working capital obligations
 including any necessary liquidation or dissolution expenses.

In
order to meet its working capital needs following the consummation of the Initial Public Offering
 the Company&#8217;s Initial
Shareholders
 officers and directors or their affiliates may
 but are not obligated to
 loan the Company funds
 from time to time
or at any time
 in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory
note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of the Company&#8217;s initial Business Combination
 without interest
or
500
 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of the Company&#8217;s initial
 per unit. In the event that the initial Business Combination
does not close
 the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts
but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment.


    
    
    


ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2020

Initial
Business Combination

Pursuant
to the Nasdaq Capital Markets listing rules
 the Company&#8217;s initial Business Combination must be with a target business or
businesses whose collective fair market value is at least equal to 80% of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of the
execution of a definitive agreement for such Business Combination
 although this may entail simultaneous acquisitions of several
target businesses. The fair market value of the target will be determined by the Company&#8217;s board of directors based upon
one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales
 earnings
 cash flow and/or
book value). The target business or businesses that the Company acquires may have a collective fair market value substantially
 In order to consummate such a Business Combination
 the Company may issue a significant
amount of its debt or equity securities to the sellers of such business and/or seek to raise additional funds through a private
offering of debt or equity securities. There are no limitations on the Company&#8217;s ability to incur debt or issue securities
in order to consummate a Business Combination. Since the Company has no specific Business Combination under consideration
 the
Company has not entered into any arrangement to issue debt or equity securities. If the net proceeds of Initial Public Offering
prove to be insufficient
 either because of the size of the Business Combination
 the depletion of the available net proceeds
in search of a target business
 or the obligation to convert a significant number of shares from shareholders into cash
 the Company
will be required to seek additional financing in order to complete its initial Business Combination. In addition
 if the Company
consummates a Business Combination
 it may require additional financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business.
The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the
target business. None of the Company&#8217;s officers
 directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to the Company
in connection with or after a Business Combination.

In
connection with any proposed initial Business Combination
 the Company will either (1) seek shareholder approval of such initial
Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public shareholders may seek to convert their Public Shares
regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed Business Combination
 into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account (net of taxes payable) or (2) provide public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their
Public Shares to the Company by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal
to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (net of taxes payable)
 in each case subject
to the limitations described herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the Initial Shareholders have agreed
 pursuant to written
letter agreements with the Company
 not to convert any Public Shares held by them into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account. If the Company determines to engage in a tender offer
 such tender offer will be structured
so that each public shareholder may tender any or all of his
 her or its Public Shares rather than some pro rata portion of his
her or its shares. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or
will allow shareholders to sell their Public Shares to it in a tender offer will be made by the Company based on a variety of
factors such as the timing of the transaction
 whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require it to seek shareholder
approval or whether the Company is deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require us to conduct a tender offer rather
than seeking shareholder approval under the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;) rules). If the Company
engages in a tender offer in connection with an initial Business Combination
 the Company will file tender offer documents with
the SEC
 which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial Business Combination as is
required under the SEC&#8217;s proxy rules. The Company will consummate an initial Business Combination only if it has net tangible
assets of at least $5
000
001 upon such consummation of a Business Combination and
 solely if it seeks shareholder approval
 a
5
000
 net
tangible asset value would be determined once a target business is located and the Company can assess all of the assets and liabilities
of the combined company.

The
Initial Shareholders have agreed (i) to vote their insider shares
 Private Shares (as defined in Note 4) and any Public Shares
purchased in or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of any proposed Business Combination and (ii) not to convert any shares
(including the insider shares) in connection with a shareholder vote to approve or sell their shares to the Company in any tender
offer in connection with
 a proposed initial Business Combination.

Failure
to Consummate a Business Combination

The
Company initially had until July 31
 2020 to complete a Business Combination. On July 29
 2020
 the Company held a special meeting
pursuant to which the Company&#8217;s shareholders approved extending the date by which the Company had to complete a Business
Combination from July 31
 2020 to October 31
 2020 (or December 31
 2020 if the Company had executed a definitive agreement
for a Business Combination by October 31
 2020). In connection with the approval of the extension
 shareholders elected to redeem
4
303
096

44
063
656

9
591


 2020.

On
October 28
 2020
 the Company held a special meeting pursuant to which the Company&#8217;s shareholders approved extending the
date by which the Company had to complete a Business Combination from October 31
 2020 to January 31
 2021 (or April 30
 2021
if the Company has executed a definitive agreement for a Business Combination by January 31
 2021). In connection with the approval
of the extension
5
174

ordinary shares. As a result
 an aggregate
52
996
135
4
417


 2020.


    
    
    


ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2020

On
January 27
 2021
 the Company held a special meeting pursuant to which the Company&#8217;s shareholders approved extending the
date by which the Company had to complete a Business Combination from January 31
 2021 to April 30
 2021 (or July 31
 2021 if
the Company has executed a definitive agreement for a Business Combination by April 30
 2021) (such date or later date
 as applicable
the &#8220;Extended Date&#8221;). In connection with the approval of the extension
 shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate
of 
ordinary shares. As a result
 an aggregate
3
073
4
417



Pursuant
to the terms of the Company&#8217;s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
 failure to consummate a Business
Combination by the Extended Date will trigger the automatic winding up
 dissolution and liquidation of the Company. As a result
this has the same effect as if the Company had formally gone through a voluntary liquidation procedure under Cayman Islands Companies
Law. Accordingly
 no vote would be required from shareholders to commence such a voluntary winding up
 dissolution and liquidation.
The holders of the insider shares will not participate in any liquidation distribution from the Trust Account with respect to
their insider shares.

Liquidity
and Going Concern

As
of December 31
 2020
198
 in its operating bank accounts
13
545
 in marketable securities held in the
Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its Public Shares in connection therewith and working
684
. As of December 31
 2020
322
 of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account represented
interest income
 which is available to pay the Company&#8217;s tax obligations
 if any. On April 9
 2020
 pursuant to the prospectus
relating to the IPO and the terms and conditions of the Investment Management Trust Agreement
 dated January 28
 2019
 by and
between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company
100
 of interest income on the
funds held in the trust account to support the Company&#8217;s working capital obligations.

Until
the consummation of a Business Combination
 the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying
and evaluating target businesses
 performing due diligence on prospective target businesses
 traveling to and from the offices
plants or similar location of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners
 reviewing corporate documents
and material agreements of prospective target businesses and structuring
 negotiating and completing a Business Combination.

The
Company will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor
 an affiliate of the Sponsor
or its officers or directors. The Company&#8217;s officers
 directors and Sponsor
 or their affiliates
 may
 but are not obligated
to
 loan the Company funds
 from time to time or at any time
 in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion
to meet the Company&#8217;s working capital needs. Accordingly
 the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If
the Company is unable to raise additional capital
 it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity
 which
could include
 but not necessarily be limited to
 curtailing operations
 suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction
 and
reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially
acceptable terms
 if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going
concern through the Extended Date
 which is the date the Company is required cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up if it has not completed a Business Combination. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery
of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern.

Risks
and Uncertainties

Management
continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus
could have a negative effect on the Company&#8217;s financial position
 results of its operations and/or search for a target company
the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

NOTE
2. 

Basis
of Presentation

The
accompanying financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.


    
    
    


ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2020

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

The
Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
t have any cash equivalents as of December 31
 2020 and 2019.

Cash
and Marketable Securities Held in Trust Account

At
December 31
 2020
 the assets held in the Trust Account were substantially held in money market funds
 which primarily invest
in U.S. Treasury Bills. At December 31
 2019
 the assets held in the Trust Account were substantially held in U.S. Treasury Bills.

Ordinary
Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

The
Company accounts for its ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards
Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) Topic 480 &#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.&#8221; Ordinary shares subject to mandatory
redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including
ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon
the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company&#8217;s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other
times
 ordinary shares are classified as shareholders&#8217; equity. The Company&#8217;s ordinary shares feature certain redemption
rights that are considered to be outside of the Company&#8217;s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events.
Accordingly
 ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity
 outside of
the shareholders&#8217; equity section of the Company&#8217;s balance sheets.

Net
Loss per Ordinary Share

Net
loss per ordinary share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the
period. The Company applies the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 which are not currently redeemable and are not redeemable at fair value
 have been excluded
from the calculation of basic net loss per ordinary share since such shares
 if redeemed
 only participate in their pro rata share
of the Trust Account earnings. The Company has not considered the effect of (1) warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and
11
195

ordinary shares
 and (2) rights sold in
1
119

ordinary shares
 in the calculation of
diluted loss per share
 since the exercise of the warrants and the conversion of the rights into ordinary shares are contingent
upon the occurrence of future events. As a result
 diluted net loss per ordinary share is the same as basic net loss per ordinary
share for the periods presented.

Reconciliation
of Net Loss per Ordinary Share

The
Company&#8217;s net (loss) income is adjusted for the portion of income that is attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption
 as these shares only participate in the earnings of the Trust Account and not the income or losses of the Company.
Accordingly
 basic and diluted loss per ordinary share is calculated as follows:




    
    
    

    
 December 31


    
    
    

    
583
689
1
762
447

    
39
544
2
058
429

    
623
233
295
982

    
    
    


 basic and diluted
3
592
787
3
446
449

    
    
    

    
    
    


Income
Taxes

The
Company complies with the accounting and reporting requirements of ASC Topic 740
 &#8220;Income Taxes
&#8221; which requires an
asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities
are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future
taxable or deductible amounts
 based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected
to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
 to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected
to be realized.


    
    
    


ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2020

ASC
Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized
 a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company&#8217;s management determined that the Cayman Islands is the
Company&#8217;s major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits
as income tax expense. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 there were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest
and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments
 accruals
or material deviation from its position over the next twelve months.

The
Company may be subject to potential examination by foreign taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations
may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions
 the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance
with foreign tax laws.

The
Company is considered an exempted Cayman Islands company and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements
in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such
 the Company&#8217;s tax provision is zero for all periods presented.

Concentration
of Credit Risk

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution
which
250
. The Company has not experienced losses on this
account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
fair value of the Company&#8217;s assets and liabilities
 which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820
 &#8220;Fair
Value Measurement
&#8221; approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying financial statements
 primarily due
to their short-term nature.

Recent
Accounting Standards

Management
does not believe that any recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material
effect on the accompanying financial statements.

NOTE
3. 

Pursuant
to the Initial Public Offering
10
800


per Unit
 which included a partial exercise
800


per Unit. Each Unit consists of one ordinary
share of the Company
 one right (the &#8220;Public Right&#8221;) and one redeemable warrant (the &#8220;Public Warrant&#8221;).
Each Public Right entitles the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) of an ordinary share upon consummation of a Business Combination.
Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one ordinary share at an exercise price of $

If
the Company is unable to complete an initial Business Combination by the Extended Date and the Company redeems the public shares
for the funds held in the Trust Account
 holders of the rights and warrants will not receive any of such funds for their rights
and warrants and the rights and warrants will expire worthless.

NOTE
4. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering
 certain of the Initial Shareholders
 including the underwriters in the Initial
Public Offering (and their respective designees)
395


per Private Unit
 for an aggregate purchase
3
950
.
Each Private Unit consists of one ordinary share (&#8220;Private Share&#8221;)
 one right (the &#8220;Private Right&#8221;) and
one redeemable warrant (each
 a &#8220;Private Warrant&#8221;). The proceeds from the Private Units have been added to the proceeds
from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination by the Extended
Date
 the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the public shares (subject to the
requirements of applicable law)
 and the Private Units and all underlying securities will expire worthless.

The
Private Units are identical to the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering except that the Private Warrants are non-redeemable
and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. Additionally
the purchasers of the Private Units have agreed (A) to vote the Private Shares in favor of any proposed Business Combination
(B) not to propose
 or vote in favor of
 an amendment to the Company&#8217;s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
with respect to its pre-Business Combination activities prior to the consummation of such a Business Combination unless the Company
provides public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their Public Shares in connection with any such vote
 (C) not to
convert any Private Shares into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve
a proposed initial Business Combination or a vote to amend the provisions of the Company&#8217;s amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association relating to shareholders&#8217; rights or pre-Business Combination activity and (D) that the Private
Shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution from the Trust Account upon winding up if a Business Combination
is not consummated. The purchasers of the Private Units have also agreed not to transfer
 assign or sell any of the Private Units
or underlying securities (except to permitted transferees) until the completion of an initial Business Combination.


    
    
    


ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2020

NOTE
5. 

Promissory
Note &#8211; Related Party

On
November 7
 2016
 the Company issued a promissory note to a director of the Company
 pursuant to which the Company borrowed an
34
. The promissory note was payable without interest on the earlier of (i) July 1
 2019
 (ii) the date on which
the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering or (iii) the date on which the Company determined to not proceed with such
Initial Public Offering. The promissory note was repaid upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering on January 31
 2019.

Advance
from Related Party

A
81
 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering.
The advances were non-interest bearing and due on demand. The advances were repaid upon the consummation of the Initial Public
Offering.

NOTE
6. 

Business
Combination Marketing Agreement

The
Company engaged the joint book-running managers in the Initial Public Offering as advisors in connection with a Business Combination
to assist the Company in holding meetings with its shareholders to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business&#8217;
attributes
 introduce the Company to potential investors that are interested in purchasing the Company&#8217;s securities in connection
with a Business Combination
 assist the Company in obtaining shareholder approval for the Business Combination and assist the
Company with its press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. The Company will pay the joint
book-running managers aggregate cash fees for such services upon the consummation of a Business Combination in an amount equal
3
240
 (exclusive of any applicable finders&#8217; fees which might become payable). If a proposed Business Combination
is not consummated for any reason during the 18-month period from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (as such period may
be extended)
 no fee will be due or payable to the advisors.

Fee
Arrangements

Following
the Initial Public Offering
 the Company entered into a letter agreement with a member of the Company&#8217;s board of directors
that provides for a success fee to be paid to such director upon consummation of a Business Combination with a target business
 of the total consideration paid by the Company in the transaction
subject to certain minimum and maximum amounts set forth in the agreement.

In
addition
 the Company entered into several letter agreements with unaffiliated third parties that provide for a success fee to
be paid to each such third party upon consummation of a Business Combination with a target business introduced to the Company
 of the total consideration paid by the Company in the transaction
 subject
to certain minimum and maximum amounts set forth in the various agreements.

Related
to the business combination with Stryve
 we entered into engagement letters with Cowen and Craig-Hallum
financial advisors
and placement agent to the transaction
 with an aggregate success fee of 2% of the transaction value and 6% fee of gross proceeds
raised as agents

Registration
Rights

Pursuant
to a registration rights agreement entered into on January 28
 2019
 the holders of the insider shares
 as well as the holders
of the Private Units (and underlying securities) and any securities issued in payment of working capital loans made to the Company
are entitled to registration rights. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands that
the Company register such securities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
 the underwriters (and their designees) may only
make a demand registration (i) on one occasion and (ii) during the five-year period beginning on January 28
 2019. The holders
of the majority of the insider shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior
to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the Private Units (and
underlying securities) and securities issued in payment of working capital loans (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise
these registration rights at any time after the Company consummates a Business Combination. In addition
 the holders have certain
&#8220;piggy-back&#8221; registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a
Business Combination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
 the underwriters (and their designees) may participate in a &#8220;piggy-back&#8221;
registration only during the seven-year period beginning January 28
 2019. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection
with the filing of any such registration statements.


    
    
    


ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2020

NOTE
7. 

Preferred
Shares

The
1
000



 rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company&#8217;s board
of directors. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
no


Ordinary
Shares

The
100
000


per share. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
3
650
3
550
 ordinary shares issued and outstanding
767
10
344


 respectively.

In
connection with the organization of the Company
2
875
 ordinary shares were sold to the Initial Shareholders for
25
. The 2
875
375
 shares subject to forfeiture
to the extent that the underwriters&#8217; over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part so that the Company&#8217;s
 of the issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. As a result of the
800
 Units
200
000
175
 shares were forfeited
2
700
 shares issued
and outstanding at the Initial Public Offering date.

The
Initial Shareholders have agreed not to transfer
 assign or sell any of the insider shares (except to certain permitted transferees)
until (1) with respect to 50% of the insider shares
 the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation of an initial
Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of the Company&#8217;s ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.50 per
share (as adjusted for share splits
 share dividends
 reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any
30-trading day period commencing after an initial Business Combination and (2) with respect to the remaining 50% of the insider
shares
 one year after the date of the consummation of an initial Business Combination
 or earlier
 in either case
 if
 subsequent
to an initial Business Combination
 the Company consummates a liquidation
 merger
 stock exchange or other similar transaction
which results in all of the Company&#8217;s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash
 securities
or other property.



Each
holder of a right will receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share upon consummation of a Business Combination
 even if a holder
of such right converted all ordinary shares held by it in connection with a Business Combination. No fractional shares will be
issued upon exchange of the rights. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to
receive its additional shares upon consummation of a Business Combination as the consideration related thereto has been included
in the Unit purchase price paid for by investors in the Initial Public Offering. If the Company enters into a definitive agreement
for a Business Combination in which the Company will not be the surviving entity
 the definitive agreement will provide for the
holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the ordinary shares will receive in the transaction
on an as-converted into ordinary shares basis and each holder of rights will be required to affirmatively covert its rights in
order to receive 1/10 of an ordinary share underlying each right (without paying additional consideration). The ordinary shares
issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of the Company).

If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by the Extended Date and the Company liquidates the funds held in the
Trust Account
 holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights
 nor will they receive any distribution
from the Company&#8217;s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such rights
 and the rights will expire worthless.
Further
 there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of
a Business Combination. Additionally
 in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly
 the
rights may expire worthless.



The
Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of the completion of an initial Business Combination or January 28
 2020.
However
 except as set forth below
 no Public Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current
registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating
to such ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within 90 days from the consummation of an initial Business Combination
 warrant
holders may
 until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have
failed to maintain an effective registration statement
 exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption from registration
provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act provided that such exemption is available. If an exemption from registration
is not available
 holders will not be able to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis. The warrants will expire five
years from the consummation of an initial Business Combination.


    
    
    


ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2020

The
Company may call the Public Warrants for redemption (excluding the Private Warrants)
 in whole and not in part
 at a price of
$0.01 per warrant:



    
    
at
    any time while the warrants are exercisable


    
    
upon
    not less than 30 days&#8217; prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder


    
    
if
    and only if
 the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share
 for any 20 trading days
    within a 30 trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders
 and

    
    
if
    and only if
 there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants
    at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until
    the date of redemption.


The
Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering
 except that the
Private Warrants and the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants will not be transferable
 assignable
or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination
 subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally
 the Private
Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their
permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees
the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants.

If
the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption
 management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise
the Public Warrants to do so on a &#8220;cashless basis
&#8221; as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and
number of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event
of a share dividend
 extraordinary dividend or recapitalization
 reorganization
 merger or consolidation. In addition
 if&#8201;
(x) the Company issues additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with
the closing of its initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $8.50 per ordinary share
(with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company&#8217;s board of directors
 and
in the case of any such issuance to Company affiliates
 without taking into account any insider shares held by such affiliates
where &#8220;insider shares&#8221; refers to the 2
875
000 ordinary shares held by the Company&#8217;s
Initial Shareholders prior to the Company&#8217;s Initial Public Offering)
 (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances
represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds
 and interest thereon
 available for the funding of the Company&#8217;s initial
Business Combination on the date of the consummation of its initial Business Combination (net of redemptions) and (z) the volume
weighted average trading price of the Company&#8217;s ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading
day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price
 the &#8220;Market Value&#8221;)
is below $8.50 per share
 the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the
greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the price at which the Company issues the additional ordinary shares or equity-linked
 Additionally
 in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to
complete a Business Combination within the required time period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account
holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants
 nor will they receive any distribution
from the Company&#8217;s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such warrants. Accordingly
 the warrants may
expire worthless.

NOTE
8. 

The
Company follows the guidance in ASC 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value
at each reporting period
 and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually.

The
fair value of the Company&#8217;s financial assets and liabilities reflects management&#8217;s estimate of amounts that the Company
would have received in connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets
and liabilities
 the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and
to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities).
The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable
inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities:



    
Level
    1:
Quoted
    prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which
    transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing
    basis.

    
    
    

    
Level
    2:
Observable
    inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or
    liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

    
    
    

    
Level
    3:
Unobservable
    inputs based on the Company&#8217;s assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset
    or liability.



    
    
    


ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2020

The
following table presents information about the Company&#8217;s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at
December 31
 2020 and 2019 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such
fair value:




    
    
December 31

December 31


    
    
    
    

    
    
13
545
503
110
149
122


NOTE
9.&#8201;

The
Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial
statements were issued. Based upon this review
 other than as described below
 the Company did not identify any subsequent events
that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.

On
January 5
 2021
 the Company received a written notice (the &#8220;Notice&#8221;) from the Listing Qualifications Department of
The Nasdaq Stock Market (&#8220;Nasdaq&#8221;) indicating that the Company is not in compliance with Listing Rule 5620(a) and
5810(c)(2)(G)
 due to the Company&#8217;s failure to hold an annual meeting of stockholders within twelve months of the end of
the Company&#8217;s fiscal year end. The Notice is only a notification of deficiency
 not of imminent delisting
 and has no current
effect on the listing or trading of the Company&#8217;s securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Company held their 2020 general
annual meeting on January 27
 2021 and intends to submit a plan of compliance with Nasdaq. On February 2
 2021
 the Company
received a letter from Nasdaq indicating it had regained compliance.

On
January 27
 2021
 the Company held a special meeting pursuant to which the Company&#8217;s shareholders approved extending the
date by which the Company had to complete a Business Combination from January 31
 2021 to April 30
 2021 (or July 31
 2021 if
the Company has executed a definitive agreement for a Business Combination by April 30
 2021) (such date or later date
 as applicable
the &#8220;Extended Date&#8221;). In connection with the approval of the extension
 shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate
of 
ordinary shares. As a result
 an aggregate
3


4
417



On
January 28
 2021
 the Company entered into a definitive business combination agreement (the &#8220;Business Combination Agreement&#8221;)
pursuant to which
 subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein (the &#8220;Merger&#8221;)
 (i) the Company will re-domesticate
as a Delaware corporation
 (ii) Stryve
 will conduct a reorganization pursuant to which Stryve Foods Holdings LLC (&#8220;Stryve
Holdings&#8221;) will become a holding company for Stryve
 the former owners of Stryve will become the owners of Stryve Holdings
and Stryve will retain all of its business
 assets and liabilities
 and become a wholly owned subsidiary of Stryve Holdings
 (iii)
Stryve Holdings will contribute to Andina Holdings LLC
 a subsidiary of Andina (&#8220;Andina Holdings&#8221;)
 the equity interests
of Stryve
 in exchange for newly issued non-voting membership interests of Andina Holdings and voting (but non-economic) common
stock of the Company
 and (iv) the Company will contribute all of its cash and cash equivalents to Andina Holdings
 after payment
of the Company shareholders that elect to have their Company shares redeemed or converted in connection with the consummation
of the Merger
 in exchange for newly issued voting membership interests of Andina Holdings
 all upon the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement.

Subject
to and upon the terms and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement
 Stryve Holdings will contribute to Andina Holdings
all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Stryve (the &#8220;Seller Contribution&#8221;) and Andina Holdings shall
issue to Stryve Holdings a number of newly issued Andina Holdings Class B Units (the &#8220;Seller Consideration Units&#8221;)
130
000
)
 minus
(ii) the amount
 if any
553
 exceeds the consolidated net
working capital of Stryve (but not less than zero)
 plus (iii) the amount
 if any
 by which the consolidated net working capital
of Stryve exceeds the target consolidated net working capital amount of $553
635 (but not less than zero)
 minus (iv) the amount
of indebtedness of Stryve at the closing (excluding certain capitalized leases and any obligations under the Bridge Notes or other
convertible debt of Stryve Holdings that is converted into equity in connection with the closing)
 minus (v) the amount of any
Stryve transaction expenses
 per Unit. Additionally
the Company will issue to Stryve Holdings a number of shares of newly issued shares of the Company&#8217;s Class V Common Stock
equal to the number of Seller Consideration Units.

The
Business Combination Agreement contains customary representations
 warranties and covenants by the parties thereto and the closing
is subject to certain conditions as further described in the Business Combination Agreement.


    
















     



Exhibit
31.1

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Julio Torres
 certify that:



    
I
    have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Andina Acquisition Corp. III;

    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    

    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:




    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly
    during the period in which this report is being prepared; and

    
    
    

    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.




Date:
    February 18
 2021
/s/
    Julio Torres

    
Julio
    Torres

    
Chief
    Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)



    













     



Exhibit
31.2

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Mauricio Orellana
 certify that:



    
I
    have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Andina Acquisition Corp. III;

    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    

    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:




    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly
    during the period in which this report is being prepared; and

    
    
    

    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.




Date:
    February 18
 2021
/s/
    Mauricio Orellana

    
Mauricio
    Orellana

    
Chief
    Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)



    













     



Exhibit
32

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report of Andina Acquisition Corp. III (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31
 2020 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 each of the undersigned
 in
the capacities and on the dates indicated below
 hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    
    

    
The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation
    of the Company.




Date:
    February 18
 2021
/s/
    Julio Torres

    
Julio
    Torres

    
Chief
    Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)




    
/s/
    Mauricio Orellana

    
Mauricio
    Orellana

    
Chief
    Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)



    






















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      



 each consisting of one ordinary share
 one right















      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 767
392 and 10
344
550 shares at redemption value at December 31
 2020 and 2019



      



 $0.0001 par value; 1
000




 $0.0001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized; 3
650
004 and 3
550
450 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 767
392 and 10
344
550 shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31
 2020 and 2019



      


      


      


      


      


































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      










800
000 Units




800
000 Units
 net of underwriting discounts








000 Private Units



      






      






      





      
















      


      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      








      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      






      

      










      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      







      


      

      


      


      






      


      

      


      


      


      









 Value



      


      


      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      


 recognized identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed


      

      

      

      

      

      







      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      







      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)



 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents


      


 Related Parties


      




























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:ANDA=http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
  xmlns:iso4217=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:srt=http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
  xmlns:xbrldi=http://xbrl.org/2006/xbrldi
  xmlns:xhtml=http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink




            


            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            


            




            


            




            


            




            


            




            


            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            


            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            


            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            


            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            


            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            


            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            


            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            



        


        




                


                




        

    
    
    
    
    
    

      contextRef=AsOf2020-12-31
      id=xdx2ixbrl0066
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=AsOf2020-12-31
      id=xdx2ixbrl0084
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=AsOf2020-12-31
      id=xdx2ixbrl0096
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=AsOf2019-12-31
      id=xdx2ixbrl0097
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      id=xdx2ixbrl0148
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember
      id=xdx2ixbrl0192
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember
      id=xdx2ixbrl0201
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember
      id=xdx2ixbrl0210
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      id=xdx2ixbrl0211
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember
      id=xdx2ixbrl0217
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31_us-gaap_CommonStockMember
      id=xdx2ixbrl0232
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      id=xdx2ixbrl0233
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=From2020-01-012020-12-31_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember
      id=xdx2ixbrl0252
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=From2020-01-012020-12-31_us-gaap_CommonStockMember
      id=xdx2ixbrl0257
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=From2020-01-012020-12-31_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      id=xdx2ixbrl0258
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      id=xdx2ixbrl0299
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      id=xdx2ixbrl0303
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      id=xdx2ixbrl0306
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      id=xdx2ixbrl0314
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      id=xdx2ixbrl0317
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      id=xdx2ixbrl0320
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      id=xdx2ixbrl0323
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      id=xdx2ixbrl0326
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      id=xdx2ixbrl0329
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      id=xdx2ixbrl0333
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=AsOf2018-12-31
      id=xdx2ixbrl0342
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      id=xdx2ixbrl0350
      unitRef=USD

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

     each consisting of one ordinary share
 one right

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      contextRef=AsOf2020-12-31
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=AsOf2019-12-31
      decimals=INF

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      contextRef=AsOf2020-12-31
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=AsOf2019-12-31
      decimals=INF

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=INF
      id=Fact000168


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=INF
      id=Fact000169


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=INF
      id=Fact000171


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=INF
      id=Fact000172

    
    

      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=AsOf2018-12-31_us-gaap_CommonStockMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=AsOf2018-12-31_us-gaap_CommonStockMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=AsOf2018-12-31_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=AsOf2018-12-31_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=0

    

      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31_us-gaap_CommonStockMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31_us-gaap_CommonStockMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31_custom_PrivateUnitsMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31_us-gaap_CommonStockMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31_us-gaap_CommonStockMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31_us-gaap_CommonStockMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31_us-gaap_CommonStockMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31_us-gaap_CommonStockMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31_us-gaap_CommonStockMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=AsOf2019-12-31_us-gaap_CommonStockMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=AsOf2019-12-31_us-gaap_CommonStockMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=AsOf2019-12-31_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=AsOf2019-12-31_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=0

    

      contextRef=AsOf2019-12-31_us-gaap_CommonStockMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=AsOf2019-12-31_us-gaap_CommonStockMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=AsOf2019-12-31_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=AsOf2019-12-31_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=0

    

      contextRef=From2020-01-012020-12-31_us-gaap_CommonStockMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2020-01-012020-12-31_us-gaap_CommonStockMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-012020-12-31_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-012020-12-31_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=AsOf2020-12-31_us-gaap_CommonStockMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=AsOf2020-12-31_us-gaap_CommonStockMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=AsOf2020-12-31_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=AsOf2020-12-31_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=0

    

      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0

    
    
    

      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


1. &lt;span id=xdx_82C_zfI9qZe6cMA1&gt;ORGANIZATION AND PLAN OF BUSINESS OPERATIONS&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Acquisition Corp. III (the &#x201c;Company&#x201d;) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on July 29
 2016 as a blank check company
for the purpose of effecting a merger
 share exchange
 asset acquisition
 share purchase
 recapitalization
 reorganization or
other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (a &#x201c;Business Combination&#x201d;). The Company&#x2019;s
efforts to identify a prospective target business are not limited to a particular industry or geographic region
 although the
Company initially intended to focus on target businesses in the Americas.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


activity through December 31
 2020 relates to the Company&#x2019;s formation
 its initial public offering (the &#x201c;Initial Public
Offering&#x201d;)
 which is described below
 and since the closing of the Initial Public Offering
 activities in connection with
the announced and subsequently terminated proposed acquisition of EMMAC Life Sciences Limited
 (&#x201c;EMMAC&#x201d;) (which activities
ceased in November 2020) and activities in connection with the proposed acquisition of Stryve Foods LLC (&#x201c;Stryve&#x201d;)
as discussed in Note 9.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


August 2020
 the Company received a $&lt;span id=xdx_906_ecustom--ReimbursementOfDueDiligenceExpenses_pp0p0_c20200801__20200831_zvqStchiltYk title=Reimbursement of due diligence expenses&gt;139
430&lt;/span&gt; reimbursement for expenses that it incurred in connection with the due diligence
of evaluating a potential Business Combination that did not materialize.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Public Offering&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


registration statement for the Initial Public Offering (the &#x201c;IPO&#x201d;) was declared effective on January 24
 2019 pursuant
to Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#x201c;Securities Act&#x201d;). On January 31
 2019
 the Company consummated
the Initial Public Offering of &lt;span id=xdx_906_eus-gaap--StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues_c20190130__20190131__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__us-gaap--IPOMember_pii title=Number of units issued&gt;10
800
000&lt;/span&gt; units (the &#x201c;Units&#x201d; and
 with respect to the ordinary shares included in
the Units offered
 the &#x201c;Public Shares&#x201d;)
 which included a partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment
option in the amount of &lt;span id=xdx_900_eus-gaap--StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues_c20190130__20190131__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__us-gaap--OverAllotmentOptionMember_pii title=Number of units issued&gt;800
000&lt;/span&gt; Units
 at $&lt;span id=xdx_905_eus-gaap--SharesIssuedPricePerShare_c20190131__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__us-gaap--OverAllotmentOptionMember_pii title=Shares issued price per share&gt;10.00&lt;/span&gt; per Unit
 generating gross proceeds of $&lt;span id=xdx_903_eus-gaap--ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering_c20190130__20190131__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__us-gaap--IPOMember_pp0p0 title=Proceeds from issuance initial public offering&gt;108
000
000&lt;/span&gt;
 which is described in Note
3.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


with the closing of the Initial Public Offering
 the Company consummated the sale of &lt;span id=xdx_902_eus-gaap--SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction_pii_c20190130__20190131__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__us-gaap--PrivatePlacementMember_z1wzgZNnp0Z title=Sale of stock units&gt;395
000&lt;/span&gt; units (the &#x201c;Private Units&#x201d;)
at a price of $&lt;span id=xdx_90E_eus-gaap--SaleOfStockPricePerShare_c20190131__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__us-gaap--PrivatePlacementMember_pii title=Sale of unit price per shares&gt;10&lt;/span&gt;.00 per Private Unit in a private placement (the &#x201c;Private Placement&#x201d;) to certain shareholders
 or
their affiliates (collectively
 the &#x201c;Initial Shareholders&#x201d;) and the underwriters
 generating gross proceeds of $&lt;span id=xdx_900_eus-gaap--ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPrivatePlacement_c20190130__20190131__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__us-gaap--PrivatePlacementMember_pp0p0 title=Proceeds from private units&gt;3
950
000&lt;/span&gt;
which is described in Note 4.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


costs amounted to $&lt;span id=xdx_90F_ecustom--TransactionCosts_c20200101__20201231_pp0p0 title=Transaction costs&gt;3
204
451&lt;/span&gt;
 consisting of $&lt;span id=xdx_905_eus-gaap--ExpenseRelatedToDistributionOrServicingAndUnderwritingFees_c20200101__20201231_pp0p0 title=Underwriting fees&gt;2
700
000&lt;/span&gt; of underwriting fees and $&lt;span id=xdx_90E_ecustom--OfferingCosts_c20200101__20201231_pp0p0 title=Offering costs&gt;504
451&lt;/span&gt; of offering costs.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


the closing of the Initial Public Offering on January 31
 2019
 an amount of $108
000
000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds
of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Units was placed in a trust account (the &#x201c;Trust
Account&#x201d;)
 which has been invested in U.S. government securities
 within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the
Investment Company Act of 1940
 as amended (the &#x201c;Investment Company Act&#x201d;)
 with a maturity of 180 days or less or
in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment
Company Act
 as determined by the Company
 until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution
of the Trust Account to its shareholders
 as described below. The Company&#x2019;s management has broad discretion with respect
to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and sale of the Private Units
 although substantially
all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. Placing funds in the
Trust Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against the Company. Although the Company will seek to have
all vendors
 service providers
 prospective target businesses or other entities it engages
 execute agreements with the Company
waiving any claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account
 there is no guarantee that such persons will execute
such agreements. One of the Company&#x2019;s directors has agreed to be personally liable if the Company liquidates the Trust Account
prior to the consummation of a Business Combination to ensure that the proceeds held in the Trust Account are not reduced by the
claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by the Company for services rendered or
contracted for or products sold to the Company. However
 such director may not be able to satisfy those obligations should they
arise. The remaining net proceeds (not held in the Trust Account) may be used to pay for business
 legal and accounting due diligence
on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses. Additionally
 the interest earned on the Trust
Account balance may be released to the Company to pay the Company&#x2019;s tax obligations and up to $&lt;span id=xdx_90D_ecustom--MaximumAmountUtilizedOnObligations_c20200101__20201231__srt--RangeAxis__srt--MaximumMember_pp0p0 title=Maximum amount utilized on obligations&gt;100
000&lt;/span&gt; may be released to
pay for the Company&#x2019;s working capital obligations
 including any necessary liquidation or dissolution expenses.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


order to meet its working capital needs following the consummation of the Initial Public Offering
 the Company&#x2019;s Initial
Shareholders
 officers and directors or their affiliates may
 but are not obligated to
 loan the Company funds
 from time to time
or at any time
 in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory
note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of the Company&#x2019;s initial Business Combination
 without interest
or
 at the lender&#x2019;s discretion. Up to $&lt;span id=xdx_909_eus-gaap--DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1_c20200101__20201231__srt--RangeAxis__srt--MaximumMember_pp0p0 title=Debt converted amount&gt;500
000&lt;/span&gt; of the notes may be converted upon consummation of the Company&#x2019;s initial
Business Combination into additional Private Units at a price of $&lt;span id=xdx_90C_eus-gaap--DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1_iI_pii_c20201231__srt--ProductOrServiceAxis__custom--TrustAccountMember_zaTF7HcmU0O title=Conversion price per share&gt;10.00&lt;/span&gt; per unit. In the event that the initial Business Combination
does not close
 the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts
but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




ACQUISITION CORP. III&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Business Combination&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


to the Nasdaq Capital Markets listing rules
 the Company&#x2019;s initial Business Combination must be with a target business or
businesses whose collective fair market value is at least equal to 80% of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of the
execution of a definitive agreement for such Business Combination
 although this may entail simultaneous acquisitions of several
target businesses. The fair market value of the target will be determined by the Company&#x2019;s board of directors based upon
one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales
 earnings
 cash flow and/or
book value). The target business or businesses that the Company acquires may have a collective fair market value substantially
in excess of 80% of the Trust Account balance.&lt;/span&gt; In order to consummate such a Business Combination
 the Company may issue a significant
amount of its debt or equity securities to the sellers of such business and/or seek to raise additional funds through a private
offering of debt or equity securities. There are no limitations on the Company&#x2019;s ability to incur debt or issue securities
in order to consummate a Business Combination. Since the Company has no specific Business Combination under consideration
 the
Company has not entered into any arrangement to issue debt or equity securities. If the net proceeds of Initial Public Offering
prove to be insufficient
 either because of the size of the Business Combination
 the depletion of the available net proceeds
in search of a target business
 or the obligation to convert a significant number of shares from shareholders into cash
 the Company
will be required to seek additional financing in order to complete its initial Business Combination. In addition
 if the Company
consummates a Business Combination
 it may require additional financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business.
The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the
target business. None of the Company&#x2019;s officers
 directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to the Company
in connection with or after a Business Combination.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


connection with any proposed initial Business Combination
 the Company will either (1) seek shareholder approval of such initial
Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public shareholders may seek to convert their Public Shares
regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed Business Combination
 into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account (net of taxes payable) or (2) provide public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their
Public Shares to the Company by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal
to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (net of taxes payable)
 in each case subject
to the limitations described herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the Initial Shareholders have agreed
 pursuant to written
letter agreements with the Company
 not to convert any Public Shares held by them into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account. If the Company determines to engage in a tender offer
 such tender offer will be structured
so that each public shareholder may tender any or all of his
 her or its Public Shares rather than some pro rata portion of his
her or its shares. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or
will allow shareholders to sell their Public Shares to it in a tender offer will be made by the Company based on a variety of
factors such as the timing of the transaction
 whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require it to seek shareholder
approval or whether the Company is deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require us to conduct a tender offer rather
than seeking shareholder approval under the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#x201c;SEC&#x201d;) rules). If the Company
engages in a tender offer in connection with an initial Business Combination
 the Company will file tender offer documents with
the SEC
 which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial Business Combination as is
required under the SEC&#x2019;s proxy rules. The Company will consummate an initial Business Combination only if it has net tangible
assets of at least $5
000
001 upon such consummation of a Business Combination and
 solely if it seeks shareholder approval
 a
majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. The $&lt;span id=xdx_90A_ecustom--BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNetTangibleAssets_c20201231_pp0p0 title=Net tangible assets&gt;5
000
001&lt;/span&gt; net
tangible asset value would be determined once a target business is located and the Company can assess all of the assets and liabilities
of the combined company.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Initial Shareholders have agreed (i) to vote their insider shares
 Private Shares (as defined in Note 4) and any Public Shares
purchased in or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of any proposed Business Combination and (ii) not to convert any shares
(including the insider shares) in connection with a shareholder vote to approve or sell their shares to the Company in any tender
offer in connection with
 a proposed initial Business Combination.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


to Consummate a Business Combination&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Company initially had until July 31
 2020 to complete a Business Combination. On July 29
 2020
 the Company held a special meeting
pursuant to which the Company&#x2019;s shareholders approved extending the date by which the Company had to complete a Business
Combination from July 31
 2020 to October 31
 2020 (or December 31
 2020 if the Company had executed a definitive agreement
for a Business Combination by October 31
 2020). In connection with the approval of the extension
 shareholders elected to redeem
an aggregate of &lt;span id=xdx_90C_eus-gaap--StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodShares_pii_c20200728__20200729_zVFKTdyZ0Lzk title=Stock redeemed or called during period, shares&gt;4
303
096&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;
&lt;span style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;ordinary shares. As a result
 an aggregate of $&lt;span id=xdx_903_eus-gaap--StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodValue_pp0p0_c20200901__20200930__srt--ProductOrServiceAxis__custom--TrustAccountMember_zJTLAHNhlIZf title=Stock redeemed or called during period, value&gt;44
063
656&lt;/span&gt;
&lt;/span&gt;(or approximately $&lt;span id=xdx_908_ecustom--RedemptionSharePrice_c20200930__srt--ProductOrServiceAxis__custom--TrustAccountMember_pii&gt;10.24
&lt;/span&gt;per share) was released from the Company&#x2019;s Trust Account to pay such shareholders and &lt;span id=xdx_905_eus-gaap--CommonStockSharesOutstanding_iI_pii_c20200930__srt--ProductOrServiceAxis__custom--TrustAccountMember_zOq9X4qSovui title=Ordinary shares, shares outstanding&gt;9
591
904
&lt;/span&gt;ordinary shares were issued and outstanding at September 30
 2020.&lt;/p&gt;


October 28
 2020
 the Company held a special meeting pursuant to which the Company&#x2019;s shareholders approved extending the
date by which the Company had to complete a Business Combination from October 31
 2020 to January 31
 2021 (or April 30
 2021
if the Company has executed a definitive agreement for a Business Combination by January 31
 2021). In connection with the approval
of the extension
 shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate of &lt;span id=xdx_905_eus-gaap--StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodShares_pii_c20201027__20201028_zRzNV45iOXqa title=Stock redeemed or called during period, shares&gt;5
174
508
&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;ordinary shares. As a result
 an aggregate
of $&lt;span id=xdx_905_eus-gaap--StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodValue_pp0p0_c20201201__20201231__srt--ProductOrServiceAxis__custom--TrustAccountMember_z5fIzmMPgVhd title=Stock redeemed or called during period, value&gt;52
996
135&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt; (or approximately $&lt;span id=xdx_90F_ecustom--RedemptionSharePrice_c20201231__srt--ProductOrServiceAxis__custom--TrustAccountMember_pii&gt;10.24
&lt;/span&gt;per share) was released from the Company&#x2019;s Trust Account to pay such shareholders and &lt;span id=xdx_901_eus-gaap--CommonStockSharesOutstanding_c20201231__srt--ProductOrServiceAxis__custom--TrustAccountMember_pii&gt;4
417
396
&lt;/span&gt;ordinary shares were issued and outstanding at December 31
 2020.&lt;/p&gt;




ACQUISITION CORP. III&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


January 27
 2021
 the Company held a special meeting pursuant to which the Company&#x2019;s shareholders approved extending the
date by which the Company had to complete a Business Combination from January 31
 2021 to April 30
 2021 (or July 31
 2021 if
the Company has executed a definitive agreement for a Business Combination by April 30
 2021) (such date or later date
 as applicable
the &#x201c;Extended Date&#x201d;). In connection with the approval of the extension
 shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate
of &lt;span id=xdx_90F_eus-gaap--StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodShares_pii_c20210126__20210127__us-gaap--SubsequentEventTypeAxis__us-gaap--SubsequentEventMember_z3sAmZhUpp19&gt;300
&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;ordinary shares. As a result
 an aggregate
of $&lt;span id=xdx_902_eus-gaap--StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodValue_c20210126__20210127__us-gaap--SubsequentEventTypeAxis__us-gaap--SubsequentEventMember__srt--ProductOrServiceAxis__custom--TrustAccountMember_zTjIMJnOtLX1 title=Stock redeemed or called during period, value&gt;3
073&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt; (or approximately $&lt;span id=xdx_900_ecustom--RedemptionSharePrice_iI_pii_c20210127__us-gaap--SubsequentEventTypeAxis__us-gaap--SubsequentEventMember__srt--ProductOrServiceAxis__custom--TrustAccountMember_zvulMhJs22Te&gt;10.24&lt;/span&gt;
per share) was released from the Company&#x2019;s Trust Account to pay such shareholders and &lt;span id=xdx_901_eus-gaap--CommonStockSharesOutstanding_iI_pii_c20210127__us-gaap--SubsequentEventTypeAxis__us-gaap--SubsequentEventMember__srt--ProductOrServiceAxis__custom--TrustAccountMember_zF0Lvv8LXipb title=Ordinary shares, shares outstanding&gt;4
417
096
&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;ordinary shares are now issued and outstanding.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


to the terms of the Company&#x2019;s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
 failure to consummate a Business
Combination by the Extended Date will trigger the automatic winding up
 dissolution and liquidation of the Company. As a result
this has the same effect as if the Company had formally gone through a voluntary liquidation procedure under Cayman Islands Companies
Law. Accordingly
 no vote would be required from shareholders to commence such a voluntary winding up
 dissolution and liquidation.
The holders of the insider shares will not participate in any liquidation distribution from the Trust Account with respect to
their insider shares.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


and Going Concern&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


of December 31
 2020
 the Company had $&lt;span id=xdx_909_eus-gaap--Cash_c20201231_pp0p0 title=Cash&gt;198
192&lt;/span&gt; in its operating bank accounts
 $&lt;span id=xdx_906_eus-gaap--AssetsHeldInTrustNoncurrent_c20201231_pp0p0 title=Marketable securities held in Trust Account&gt;13
545
503&lt;/span&gt; in marketable securities held in the
Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its Public Shares in connection therewith and working
capital deficit of $&lt;span id=xdx_904_ecustom--WorkingCapitalDeficit_c20201231_pp0p0 title=Working capital deficit&gt;684
984&lt;/span&gt;. As of December 31
 2020
 approximately $&lt;span id=xdx_901_eus-gaap--DepositsAssetsNoncurrent_c20201231_pp0p0 title=Deposits&gt;322
000&lt;/span&gt; of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account represented
interest income
 which is available to pay the Company&#x2019;s tax obligations
 if any. On April 9
 2020
 pursuant to the prospectus
relating to the IPO and the terms and conditions of the Investment Management Trust Agreement
 dated January 28
 2019
 by and
between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company
 the Company withdrew $&lt;span id=xdx_904_ecustom--WithdrewOfFunds_c20200408__20200409_pp0p0 title=Withdrew of funds&gt;100
000&lt;/span&gt; of interest income on the
funds held in the trust account to support the Company&#x2019;s working capital obligations.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


the consummation of a Business Combination
 the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying
and evaluating target businesses
 performing due diligence on prospective target businesses
 traveling to and from the offices
plants or similar location of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners
 reviewing corporate documents
and material agreements of prospective target businesses and structuring
 negotiating and completing a Business Combination.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Company will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor
 an affiliate of the Sponsor
or its officers or directors. The Company&#x2019;s officers
 directors and Sponsor
 or their affiliates
 may
 but are not obligated
to
 loan the Company funds
 from time to time or at any time
 in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion
to meet the Company&#x2019;s working capital needs. Accordingly
 the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If
the Company is unable to raise additional capital
 it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity
 which
could include
 but not necessarily be limited to
 curtailing operations
 suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction
 and
reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially
acceptable terms
 if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&#x2019;s ability to continue as a going
concern through the Extended Date
 which is the date the Company is required cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up if it has not completed a Business Combination. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery
of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


and Uncertainties&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus
could have a negative effect on the Company&#x2019;s financial position
 results of its operations and/or search for a target company
the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;



      contextRef=From2020-08-012020-08-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-302019-01-31_us-gaap_IPOMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2019-01-302019-01-31_us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=AsOf2019-01-31_us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2019-01-302019-01-31_us-gaap_IPOMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-302019-01-31_us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=AsOf2019-01-31_us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2019-01-302019-01-31_us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-012020-12-31_srt_MaximumMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-012020-12-31_srt_MaximumMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=AsOf2020-12-31_custom_TrustAccountMember
      decimals=INF


to the Nasdaq Capital Markets listing rules
 the Company&#x2019;s initial Business Combination must be with a target business or
businesses whose collective fair market value is at least equal to 80% of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of the
execution of a definitive agreement for such Business Combination
 although this may entail simultaneous acquisitions of several
target businesses. The fair market value of the target will be determined by the Company&#x2019;s board of directors based upon
one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales
 earnings
 cash flow and/or
book value). The target business or businesses that the Company acquires may have a collective fair market value substantially

    

      contextRef=From2020-07-282020-07-29
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2020-09-012020-09-30_custom_TrustAccountMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=AsOf2020-09-30_custom_TrustAccountMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=AsOf2020-09-30_custom_TrustAccountMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2020-10-272020-10-28
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2020-12-012020-12-31_custom_TrustAccountMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=AsOf2020-12-31_custom_TrustAccountMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=AsOf2020-12-31_custom_TrustAccountMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2021-01-262021-01-27_us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2021-01-262021-01-27_us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember_custom_TrustAccountMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=AsOf2021-01-27_us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember_custom_TrustAccountMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=AsOf2021-01-27_us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember_custom_TrustAccountMember
      decimals=INF

    
    
    
    

      contextRef=From2020-04-082020-04-09
      decimals=0


2. &lt;span id=xdx_828_zcWxWlqNPCMa&gt;SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


of Presentation&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


accompanying financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America (&#x201c;GAAP&#x201d;) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


of Estimates&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




ACQUISITION CORP. III&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


and Cash Equivalents&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
The Company did &lt;span id=xdx_90F_eus-gaap--CashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue_iI_pp0p0_do_c20201231_zP1bk35akWu8 title=Cash equivalents&gt;&lt;span id=xdx_905_eus-gaap--CashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue_iI_pp0p0_do_c20191231_zTj1J3JB4WC9 title=Cash equivalents&gt;no&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;t have any cash equivalents as of December 31
 2020 and 2019.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


and Marketable Securities Held in Trust Account&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


December 31
 2020
 the assets held in the Trust Account were substantially held in money market funds
 which primarily invest
in U.S. Treasury Bills. At December 31
 2019
 the assets held in the Trust Account were substantially held in U.S. Treasury Bills.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Shares Subject to Possible Redemption&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Company accounts for its ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards
Codification (&#x201c;ASC&#x201d;) Topic 480 &#x201c;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.&#x201d; Ordinary shares subject to mandatory
redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including
ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon
the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company&#x2019;s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other
times
 ordinary shares are classified as shareholders&#x2019; equity. The Company&#x2019;s ordinary shares feature certain redemption
rights that are considered to be outside of the Company&#x2019;s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events.
Accordingly
 ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity
 outside of
the shareholders&#x2019; equity section of the Company&#x2019;s balance sheets.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Loss per Ordinary Share&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


loss per ordinary share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the
period. The Company applies the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 which are not currently redeemable and are not redeemable at fair value
 have been excluded
from the calculation of basic net loss per ordinary share since such shares
 if redeemed
 only participate in their pro rata share
of the Trust Account earnings. The Company has not considered the effect of (1) warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and
the Private Placement to purchase &lt;span id=xdx_90C_eus-gaap--ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights_c20201231__us-gaap--StatementEquityComponentsAxis__us-gaap--WarrantMember__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__custom--IPOAndPrivatePlacementMember_pii&gt;11
195
000
&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;ordinary shares
 and (2) rights sold in
the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement that convert into &lt;span id=xdx_904_eus-gaap--ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights_c20201231__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__custom--IPOAndPrivatePlacementMember_pii&gt;1
119
500
&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;ordinary shares
 in the calculation of
diluted loss per share
 since the exercise of the warrants and the conversion of the rights into ordinary shares are contingent
upon the occurrence of future events. As a result
 diluted net loss per ordinary share is the same as basic net loss per ordinary
share for the periods presented.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


of Net Loss per Ordinary Share&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Company&#x2019;s net (loss) income is adjusted for the portion of income that is attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption
 as these shares only participate in the earnings of the Trust Account and not the income or losses of the Company.
Accordingly
 basic and diluted loss per ordinary share is calculated as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;
&lt;tr style=display: none; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td id=xdx_49E_20200101__20201231_zqKwjcCKO3Ma style=text-align: right&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td id=xdx_49B_20190101__20191231_znPpj1XNL4lg style=text-align: right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Year Ended&lt;br/&gt; December 31
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr id=xdx_401_eus-gaap--NetIncomeLoss_zcDqxyGAp864 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;
    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left&gt;Net (loss) income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;(583
689&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;1
762
447&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr id=xdx_407_ecustom--IncomeAttributableToOrdinarySharesSubjectToPossibleRedemption_i_pp0p0 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Less: Income attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(39
544&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(2
058
429&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr id=xdx_406_ecustom--AdjustedNetIncomLoss_i_pp0p0 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Adjusted net loss&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;(623
233&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;(295
982&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr id=xdx_404_eus-gaap--WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted_zmqRKwpZXnl7 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;
    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding
 basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;3
592
787&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;3
446
449&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr id=xdx_400_eus-gaap--EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted_zbzrhBeDh1z6 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;(0.17&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;(0.09&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


Taxes&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Company complies with the accounting and reporting requirements of ASC Topic 740
 &#x201c;Income Taxes
&#x201d; which requires an
asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities
are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future
taxable or deductible amounts
 based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected
to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
 to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected
to be realized.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




ACQUISITION CORP. III&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized
 a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company&#x2019;s management determined that the Cayman Islands is the
Company&#x2019;s major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits
as income tax expense. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 there were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest
and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments
 accruals
or material deviation from its position over the next twelve months.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Company may be subject to potential examination by foreign taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations
may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions
 the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance
with foreign tax laws.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Company is considered an exempted Cayman Islands company and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements
in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such
 the Company&#x2019;s tax provision is zero for all periods presented.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


of Credit Risk&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution
which
 at times may exceed the federal depository insurance coverage of $&lt;span id=xdx_90C_eus-gaap--CashFDICInsuredAmount_c20201231_pp0p0 title=Federal depository insurance coverage&gt;250
000&lt;/span&gt;. The Company has not experienced losses on this
account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


fair value of the Company&#x2019;s assets and liabilities
 which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820
 &#x201c;Fair
Value Measurement
&#x201d; approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying financial statements
 primarily due
to their short-term nature.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Accounting Standards&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


does not believe that any recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material
effect on the accompanying financial statements.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;



of Presentation&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


accompanying financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America (&#x201c;GAAP&#x201d;) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;



of Estimates&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


and Cash Equivalents&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
The Company did &lt;span id=xdx_90F_eus-gaap--CashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue_iI_pp0p0_do_c20201231_zP1bk35akWu8 title=Cash equivalents&gt;&lt;span id=xdx_905_eus-gaap--CashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue_iI_pp0p0_do_c20191231_zTj1J3JB4WC9 title=Cash equivalents&gt;no&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;t have any cash equivalents as of December 31
 2020 and 2019.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


    
    

and Marketable Securities Held in Trust Account&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


December 31
 2020
 the assets held in the Trust Account were substantially held in money market funds
 which primarily invest
in U.S. Treasury Bills. At December 31
 2019
 the assets held in the Trust Account were substantially held in U.S. Treasury Bills.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;



Shares Subject to Possible Redemption&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Company accounts for its ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards
Codification (&#x201c;ASC&#x201d;) Topic 480 &#x201c;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.&#x201d; Ordinary shares subject to mandatory
redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including
ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon
the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company&#x2019;s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other
times
 ordinary shares are classified as shareholders&#x2019; equity. The Company&#x2019;s ordinary shares feature certain redemption
rights that are considered to be outside of the Company&#x2019;s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events.
Accordingly
 ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity
 outside of
the shareholders&#x2019; equity section of the Company&#x2019;s balance sheets.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;



Loss per Ordinary Share&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


loss per ordinary share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the
period. The Company applies the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 which are not currently redeemable and are not redeemable at fair value
 have been excluded
from the calculation of basic net loss per ordinary share since such shares
 if redeemed
 only participate in their pro rata share
of the Trust Account earnings. The Company has not considered the effect of (1) warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and
the Private Placement to purchase &lt;span id=xdx_90C_eus-gaap--ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights_c20201231__us-gaap--StatementEquityComponentsAxis__us-gaap--WarrantMember__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__custom--IPOAndPrivatePlacementMember_pii&gt;11
195
000
&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;ordinary shares
 and (2) rights sold in
the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement that convert into &lt;span id=xdx_904_eus-gaap--ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights_c20201231__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__custom--IPOAndPrivatePlacementMember_pii&gt;1
119
500
&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;ordinary shares
 in the calculation of
diluted loss per share
 since the exercise of the warrants and the conversion of the rights into ordinary shares are contingent
upon the occurrence of future events. As a result
 diluted net loss per ordinary share is the same as basic net loss per ordinary
share for the periods presented.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;



      contextRef=AsOf2020-12-31_us-gaap_WarrantMember_custom_IPOAndPrivatePlacementMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=AsOf2020-12-31_custom_IPOAndPrivatePlacementMember
      decimals=INF


of Net Loss per Ordinary Share&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Company&#x2019;s net (loss) income is adjusted for the portion of income that is attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption
 as these shares only participate in the earnings of the Trust Account and not the income or losses of the Company.
Accordingly
 basic and diluted loss per ordinary share is calculated as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;
&lt;tr style=display: none; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td id=xdx_49E_20200101__20201231_zqKwjcCKO3Ma style=text-align: right&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td id=xdx_49B_20190101__20191231_znPpj1XNL4lg style=text-align: right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Year Ended&lt;br/&gt; December 31
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr id=xdx_401_eus-gaap--NetIncomeLoss_zcDqxyGAp864 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;
    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left&gt;Net (loss) income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;(583
689&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;1
762
447&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr id=xdx_407_ecustom--IncomeAttributableToOrdinarySharesSubjectToPossibleRedemption_i_pp0p0 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Less: Income attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(39
544&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(2
058
429&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr id=xdx_406_ecustom--AdjustedNetIncomLoss_i_pp0p0 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Adjusted net loss&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;(623
233&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;(295
982&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr id=xdx_404_eus-gaap--WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted_zmqRKwpZXnl7 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;
    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding
 basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;3
592
787&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;3
446
449&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr id=xdx_400_eus-gaap--EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted_zbzrhBeDh1z6 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;(0.17&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;(0.09&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;



Company&#x2019;s net (loss) income is adjusted for the portion of income that is attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption
 as these shares only participate in the earnings of the Trust Account and not the income or losses of the Company.
Accordingly
 basic and diluted loss per ordinary share is calculated as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;
&lt;tr style=display: none; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td id=xdx_49E_20200101__20201231_zqKwjcCKO3Ma style=text-align: right&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td id=xdx_49B_20190101__20191231_znPpj1XNL4lg style=text-align: right&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Year Ended&lt;br/&gt; December 31
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr id=xdx_401_eus-gaap--NetIncomeLoss_zcDqxyGAp864 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;
    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: left&gt;Net (loss) income&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;(583
689&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;1
762
447&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr id=xdx_407_ecustom--IncomeAttributableToOrdinarySharesSubjectToPossibleRedemption_i_pp0p0 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Less: Income attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(39
544&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(2
058
429&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr id=xdx_406_ecustom--AdjustedNetIncomLoss_i_pp0p0 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Adjusted net loss&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;(623
233&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;(295
982&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr id=xdx_404_eus-gaap--WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted_zmqRKwpZXnl7 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;
    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding
 basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;3
592
787&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;3
446
449&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr id=xdx_400_eus-gaap--EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted_zbzrhBeDh1z6 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;(0.17&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;(0.09&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2020-01-01to2020-12-31
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2019-01-012019-12-31
      decimals=INF


Taxes&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Company complies with the accounting and reporting requirements of ASC Topic 740
 &#x201c;Income Taxes
&#x201d; which requires an
asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities
are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future
taxable or deductible amounts
 based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected
to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
 to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected
to be realized.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




ACQUISITION CORP. III&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized
 a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company&#x2019;s management determined that the Cayman Islands is the
Company&#x2019;s major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits
as income tax expense. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 there were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest
and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments
 accruals
or material deviation from its position over the next twelve months.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Company may be subject to potential examination by foreign taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations
may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions
 the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance
with foreign tax laws.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Company is considered an exempted Cayman Islands company and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements
in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such
 the Company&#x2019;s tax provision is zero for all periods presented.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;



of Credit Risk&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution
which
 at times may exceed the federal depository insurance coverage of $&lt;span id=xdx_90C_eus-gaap--CashFDICInsuredAmount_c20201231_pp0p0 title=Federal depository insurance coverage&gt;250
000&lt;/span&gt;. The Company has not experienced losses on this
account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


    

Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


fair value of the Company&#x2019;s assets and liabilities
 which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820
 &#x201c;Fair
Value Measurement
&#x201d; approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying financial statements
 primarily due
to their short-term nature.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;



Accounting Standards&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


does not believe that any recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material
effect on the accompanying financial statements.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;



3. &lt;span id=xdx_82C_zZ5aoE1GTpMj&gt;INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


to the Initial Public Offering
 the Company sold &lt;span id=xdx_905_eus-gaap--StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues_c20200101__20201231__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__us-gaap--IPOMember_pii&gt;10
800
000
&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Units at a purchase price of $&lt;span id=xdx_907_eus-gaap--SharesIssuedPricePerShare_c20201231__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__us-gaap--IPOMember_pii&gt;10.00
&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;per Unit
 which included a partial exercise
by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of &lt;span id=xdx_906_eus-gaap--StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues_pii_c20200101__20201231__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__us-gaap--OverAllotmentOptionMember_zy3eL3WLvm26 title=Number of units issued&gt;800
000
&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Units at $&lt;span id=xdx_905_eus-gaap--SharesIssuedPricePerShare_iI_pii_c20201231__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__us-gaap--OverAllotmentOptionMember_zUx9mhakqpg6 title=Shares issued price per share&gt;10.00
&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;per Unit. Each Unit consists of one ordinary
share of the Company
 one right (the &#x201c;Public Right&#x201d;) and one redeemable warrant (the &#x201c;Public Warrant&#x201d;).
&lt;span id=xdx_906_ecustom--InitialPublicOfferingDescription_c20200101__20201231__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__us-gaap--IPOMember title=Initial public offering, description&gt;Each Public Right entitles the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) of an ordinary share upon consummation of a Business Combination.
Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one ordinary share at an exercise price of $&lt;span id=xdx_90C_eus-gaap--ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1_c20201231__us-gaap--StatementEquityComponentsAxis__us-gaap--WarrantMember_pii title=Warrant exercise price&gt;11.50&lt;/span&gt; per share (see Note 7).&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


the Company is unable to complete an initial Business Combination by the Extended Date and the Company redeems the public shares
for the funds held in the Trust Account
 holders of the rights and warrants will not receive any of such funds for their rights
and warrants and the rights and warrants will expire worthless.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


      contextRef=From2020-01-012020-12-31_us-gaap_IPOMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=AsOf2020-12-31_us-gaap_IPOMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2020-01-012020-12-31_us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=AsOf2020-12-31_us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember
      decimals=INF




      contextRef=AsOf2020-12-31_us-gaap_WarrantMember
      decimals=INF


4. &lt;span id=xdx_82F_zWprqxMImuoi&gt;PRIVATE UNITS&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


with the closing of the Initial Public Offering
 certain of the Initial Shareholders
 including the underwriters in the Initial
Public Offering (and their respective designees)
 purchased an aggregate of &lt;span id=xdx_906_eus-gaap--SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction_pii_c20200101__20201231__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__custom--PrivateUnitsMember_zM98uQdwLGYd title=Sale of stock units&gt;395
000
&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Private Units at a price of $&lt;span id=xdx_905_eus-gaap--SaleOfStockPricePerShare_iI_pii_c20201231__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__custom--PrivateUnitsMember_z7fGYTci2dQk title=Sale of unit price per share&gt;10.00
&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;per Private Unit
 for an aggregate purchase
price of $&lt;span id=xdx_90E_eus-gaap--ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPrivatePlacement_pp0p0_c20200101__20201231__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__custom--PrivateUnitsMember_ze1kyfMHC9cb title=Proceeds from private units&gt;3
950
000&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;.
&lt;span id=xdx_90E_ecustom--PrivateUnitsIssuedDescription_c20200101__20201231__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__custom--PrivateUnitsMember title=Private units issued, description&gt;Each Private Unit consists of one ordinary share (&#x201c;Private Share&#x201d;)
 one right (the &#x201c;Private Right&#x201d;) and
one redeemable warrant (each
 a &#x201c;Private Warrant&#x201d;). The proceeds from the Private Units have been added to the proceeds
from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination by the Extended
Date
 the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the public shares (subject to the
requirements of applicable law)
 and the Private Units and all underlying securities will expire worthless.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Private Units are identical to the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering except that the Private Warrants are non-redeemable
and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. Additionally
the purchasers of the Private Units have agreed (A) to vote the Private Shares in favor of any proposed Business Combination
(B) not to propose
 or vote in favor of
 an amendment to the Company&#x2019;s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
with respect to its pre-Business Combination activities prior to the consummation of such a Business Combination unless the Company
provides public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their Public Shares in connection with any such vote
 (C) not to
convert any Private Shares into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve
a proposed initial Business Combination or a vote to amend the provisions of the Company&#x2019;s amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association relating to shareholders&#x2019; rights or pre-Business Combination activity and (D) that the Private
Shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution from the Trust Account upon winding up if a Business Combination
is not consummated. The purchasers of the Private Units have also agreed not to transfer
 assign or sell any of the Private Units
or underlying securities (except to permitted transferees) until the completion of an initial Business Combination.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




ACQUISITION CORP. III&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;



      contextRef=From2020-01-012020-12-31_custom_PrivateUnitsMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=AsOf2020-12-31_custom_PrivateUnitsMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2020-01-012020-12-31_custom_PrivateUnitsMember
      decimals=0


 one right (the &#x201c;Private Right&#x201d;) and
one redeemable warrant (each
 a &#x201c;Private Warrant&#x201d;). The proceeds from the Private Units have been added to the proceeds
from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination by the Extended
Date
 the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the public shares (subject to the
requirements of applicable law)


5. &lt;span&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;span id=xdx_822_zP3OIOiB9gzb&gt;RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Note &#x2013; Related Party&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


November 7
 2016
 the Company issued a promissory note to a director of the Company
 pursuant to which the Company borrowed an
aggregate of $&lt;span id=xdx_904_eus-gaap--NotesPayableRelatedPartiesClassifiedCurrent_c20161107__us-gaap--DebtInstrumentAxis__custom--PromissoryNoteMember__us-gaap--RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis__srt--DirectorMember_pp0p0 title=Advance from related party&gt;34
259&lt;/span&gt;. The promissory note was payable without interest on the earlier of (i) July 1
 2019
 (ii) the date on which
the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering or (iii) the date on which the Company determined to not proceed with such
Initial Public Offering. The promissory note was repaid upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering on January 31
 2019.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


from Related Party&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


director of the Company advanced the Company an aggregate of $&lt;span id=xdx_900_eus-gaap--RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt_c20200101__20201231__us-gaap--RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis__srt--DirectorMember_pp0p0 title=Repayment of advances from related party&gt;81
280&lt;/span&gt; to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering.
The advances were non-interest bearing and due on demand. The advances were repaid upon the consummation of the Initial Public
Offering.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;



      contextRef=AsOf2016-11-07_custom_PromissoryNoteMember_srt_DirectorMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-012020-12-31_srt_DirectorMember
      decimals=0


6. &lt;span id=xdx_820_zQSalzM76KQa&gt;COMMITMENTS&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Combination Marketing Agreement&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Company engaged the joint book-running managers in the Initial Public Offering as advisors in connection with a Business Combination
to assist the Company in holding meetings with its shareholders to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business&#x2019;
attributes
 introduce the Company to potential investors that are interested in purchasing the Company&#x2019;s securities in connection
with a Business Combination
 assist the Company in obtaining shareholder approval for the Business Combination and assist the
Company with its press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. The Company will pay the joint
book-running managers aggregate cash fees for such services upon the consummation of a Business Combination in an amount equal
to $&lt;span id=xdx_906_eus-gaap--BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability_c20201231__us-gaap--TypeOfArrangementAxis__custom--BusinessCombinationMarketingAgreementMember_pp0p0 title=Business combination contingent consideration liability&gt;3
240
000&lt;/span&gt; (exclusive of any applicable finders&#x2019; fees which might become payable). If a proposed Business Combination
is not consummated for any reason during the 18-month period from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (as such period may
be extended)
 no fee will be due or payable to the advisors.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Arrangements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


the Initial Public Offering
 the Company entered into a letter agreement with a member of the Company&#x2019;s board of directors
that provides for a success fee to be paid to such director upon consummation of a Business Combination with a target business
introduced to the Company by such director in an amount equal to &lt;span id=xdx_904_ecustom--ConsiderationPaidPercentage_pii_dp_uPure_c20200101__20201231__us-gaap--RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis__srt--DirectorMember__us-gaap--TypeOfArrangementAxis__custom--BusinessCombinationMarketingAgreementMember_z9r4GG0TuRBc title=Consideration paid percentage&gt;0.6%&lt;/span&gt; of the total consideration paid by the Company in the transaction
subject to certain minimum and maximum amounts set forth in the agreement.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


addition
 the Company entered into several letter agreements with unaffiliated third parties that provide for a success fee to
be paid to each such third party upon consummation of a Business Combination with a target business introduced to the Company
by such third party in amounts ranging from &lt;span id=xdx_901_ecustom--ConsiderationPaidPercentage_pii_dp_c20200101__20201231__srt--RangeAxis__srt--MinimumMember__us-gaap--RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis__custom--UnaffiliatedThirdPartiesMember__us-gaap--TypeOfArrangementAxis__custom--LetterAgreementsMember_zCSRvxQwYlH4 title=Consideration paid percentage&gt;0.75%&lt;/span&gt; to &lt;span id=xdx_90E_ecustom--ConsiderationPaidPercentage_pii_dp_c20200101__20201231__srt--RangeAxis__srt--MaximumMember__us-gaap--RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis__custom--UnaffiliatedThirdPartiesMember__us-gaap--TypeOfArrangementAxis__custom--LetterAgreementsMember_zpsIYSi4aDUc title=Consideration paid percentage&gt;1.0%&lt;/span&gt; of the total consideration paid by the Company in the transaction
 subject
to certain minimum and maximum amounts set forth in the various agreements.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


to the business combination with Stryve
 we entered into engagement letters with Cowen and Craig-Hallum
 to be &lt;span id=xdx_90A_ecustom--AgentFeesDescription_c20210101__20211231_z2xYIlHFpSlk title=Agent fees description&gt;financial advisors
and placement agent to the transaction
 with an aggregate success fee of 2% of the transaction value and 6% fee of gross proceeds
raised as agents&lt;/span&gt;.&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Rights&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


to a registration rights agreement entered into on January 28
 2019
 the holders of the insider shares
 as well as the holders
of the Private Units (and underlying securities) and any securities issued in payment of working capital loans made to the Company
are entitled to registration rights. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands that
the Company register such securities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
 the underwriters (and their designees) may only
make a demand registration (i) on one occasion and (ii) during the five-year period beginning on January 28
 2019. The holders
of the majority of the insider shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior
to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the Private Units (and
underlying securities) and securities issued in payment of working capital loans (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise
these registration rights at any time after the Company consummates a Business Combination. In addition
 the holders have certain
&#x201c;piggy-back&#x201d; registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a
Business Combination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
 the underwriters (and their designees) may participate in a &#x201c;piggy-back&#x201d;
registration only during the seven-year period beginning January 28
 2019. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection
with the filing of any such registration statements.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




ACQUISITION CORP. III&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;



      contextRef=AsOf2020-12-31_custom_BusinessCombinationMarketingAgreementMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-012020-12-31_srt_DirectorMember_custom_BusinessCombinationMarketingAgreementMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2020-01-012020-12-31_srt_MinimumMember_custom_UnaffiliatedThirdPartiesMember_custom_LetterAgreementsMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2020-01-012020-12-31_srt_MaximumMember_custom_UnaffiliatedThirdPartiesMember_custom_LetterAgreementsMember
      decimals=INF


and placement agent to the transaction
 with an aggregate success fee of 2% of the transaction value and 6% fee of gross proceeds


7. &lt;span id=xdx_822_zkrCofvRt8Mc&gt;SHAREHOLDERS&#x2019; EQUITY&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Shares&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Company is authorized to issue &lt;span id=xdx_902_eus-gaap--PreferredStockSharesAuthorized_iI_pii_c20191231_ztXSFyPOr1G title=Preferred shares, shares authorized&gt;1
000
000
&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;preferred shares with a par value of $&lt;span id=xdx_90E_eus-gaap--PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare_iI_pii_c20201231_z3XNg38fU5Y2 title=Preferred shares, par value&gt;&lt;span id=xdx_90A_eus-gaap--PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare_iI_pii_c20191231_zJf5lDbn8TP4&gt;0.0001&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;
&lt;/span&gt;per share with such designation
 rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company&#x2019;s board
of directors. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 &lt;span id=xdx_909_eus-gaap--PreferredStockSharesIssued_iI_pii_do_c20191231_zx3XSNRcqU4h title=Preferred shares, shares issued&gt;no
&lt;/span&gt;preferred shares were issued or outstanding.&lt;/p&gt;


Shares&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Company is authorized to issue &lt;span id=xdx_909_eus-gaap--CommonStockSharesAuthorized_iI_pii_c20191231_zR83EBiNJNU7 title=Ordinary shares, shares authorized&gt;100
000
000
&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;ordinary shares with a par value of $&lt;span id=xdx_90B_eus-gaap--CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare_iI_pii_c20191231_zolZCZ9JHsil title=Ordinary shares, par value&gt;0.0001
&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;per share. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 there were &lt;span id=xdx_90A_eus-gaap--CommonStockSharesIssued_iI_pii_c20201231_z8QFec1cBCEk title=Ordinary shares, shares issued&gt;&lt;span id=xdx_906_eus-gaap--CommonStockSharesOutstanding_iI_pii_c20201231_zvrYIQDSKrYl title=Ordinary shares, shares outstanding&gt;3
650
004&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt; and &lt;span id=xdx_90F_eus-gaap--CommonStockSharesIssued_iI_pii_c20191231_zFS1jusJgSW7 title=Ordinary shares, shares issued&gt;&lt;span id=xdx_901_eus-gaap--CommonStockSharesOutstanding_iI_pii_c20191231_zFiqXXZMvmDi title=Ordinary shares, shares outstanding&gt;3
550
450&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt; ordinary shares issued and outstanding
excluding &lt;span id=xdx_909_ecustom--TemporaryEquitySharesRedemption_iI_pii_c20201231_zuX0VLyoEWWb&gt;767
392&lt;/span&gt; and &lt;span id=xdx_906_ecustom--TemporaryEquitySharesRedemption_iI_pii_c20191231_zxbapKnbqRs8&gt;10
344
550
&lt;/span&gt;ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;


connection with the organization of the Company
 a total of &lt;span id=xdx_90E_eus-gaap--SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction_c20200101__20201231__srt--TitleOfIndividualAxis__custom--InitialShareholdersMember_pii title=Number of ordinary shares sold&gt;2
875
000&lt;/span&gt; ordinary shares were sold to the Initial Shareholders for
an aggregate purchase price of $&lt;span id=xdx_90C_eus-gaap--SaleOfStockConsiderationReceivedOnTransaction_c20200101__20201231__srt--TitleOfIndividualAxis__custom--InitialShareholdersMember_pp0p0 title=Purchase price of shares sold&gt;25
000&lt;/span&gt;. The 2
875
000 shares included an aggregate of up to &lt;span id=xdx_900_eus-gaap--StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationForfeited_pii_c20200101__20201231__srt--TitleOfIndividualAxis__custom--InitialShareholdersMember_zp6pL9S8mIAh title=Number of shares subject to forfeiture&gt;375
000&lt;/span&gt; shares subject to forfeiture
to the extent that the underwriters&#x2019; over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part so that the Company&#x2019;s
Initial Shareholders would own &lt;span id=xdx_905_ecustom--PercentageOfIssuedAndOutstandingShares_pii_dp_c20200101__20201231__srt--TitleOfIndividualAxis__custom--InitialShareholdersMember_zO8wQu1UxzTe title=Percentage of issued and outstanding shares&gt;20%&lt;/span&gt; of the issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. As a result of the
underwriters&#x2019; election to partially exercise their over-allotment option to purchase an additional &lt;span id=xdx_90E_eus-gaap--ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesPurchasedForAward_c20200101__20201231__srt--TitleOfIndividualAxis__custom--UnderwritersMember__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__us-gaap--OverAllotmentOptionMember_pii title=Number of option shares purchased&gt;800
000&lt;/span&gt; Units
 &lt;span id=xdx_90D_ecustom--NumberOfSharesNoLongerSubjectToForfeiture_pii_c20200101__20201231__srt--TitleOfIndividualAxis__custom--UnderwritersMember__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__us-gaap--OverAllotmentOptionMember_zVJNUxHJ6FB3 title=Number of shares, no longer subject to forfeiture&gt;200
000&lt;/span&gt;
shares are no longer subject to forfeiture and &lt;span id=xdx_90F_eus-gaap--ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod_c20200101__20201231__srt--TitleOfIndividualAxis__custom--UnderwritersMember__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__us-gaap--OverAllotmentOptionMember_pii title=Number of option shares forfeited&gt;175
000&lt;/span&gt; shares were forfeited
 resulting in an aggregate of &lt;span id=xdx_90F_eus-gaap--CommonStockSharesIssued_c20201231__srt--TitleOfIndividualAxis__custom--UnderwritersMember__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__us-gaap--OverAllotmentOptionMember_pii title=Ordinary shares, issued&gt;&lt;span id=xdx_901_eus-gaap--CommonStockSharesOutstanding_c20201231__srt--TitleOfIndividualAxis__custom--UnderwritersMember__us-gaap--SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis__us-gaap--OverAllotmentOptionMember_pii title=Ordinary shares, outstanding&gt;2
700
000&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt; shares issued
and outstanding at the Initial Public Offering date.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Initial Shareholders have agreed not to transfer
 assign or sell any of the insider shares (except to certain permitted transferees)
until (1) with respect to 50% of the insider shares
 the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation of an initial
Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of the Company&#x2019;s ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.50 per
share (as adjusted for share splits
 share dividends
 reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any
30-trading day period commencing after an initial Business Combination and (2) with respect to the remaining 50% of the insider
shares
 one year after the date of the consummation of an initial Business Combination
 or earlier
 in either case
 if
 subsequent
to an initial Business Combination
 the Company consummates a liquidation
 merger
 stock exchange or other similar transaction
which results in all of the Company&#x2019;s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash
 securities
or other property.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




holder of a right will receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share upon consummation of a Business Combination
 even if a holder
of such right converted all ordinary shares held by it in connection with a Business Combination. No fractional shares will be
issued upon exchange of the rights. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to
receive its additional shares upon consummation of a Business Combination as the consideration related thereto has been included
in the Unit purchase price paid for by investors in the Initial Public Offering. If the Company enters into a definitive agreement
for a Business Combination in which the Company will not be the surviving entity
 the definitive agreement will provide for the
holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the ordinary shares will receive in the transaction
on an as-converted into ordinary shares basis and each holder of rights will be required to affirmatively covert its rights in
order to receive 1/10 of an ordinary share underlying each right (without paying additional consideration). The ordinary shares
issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of the Company).&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by the Extended Date and the Company liquidates the funds held in the
Trust Account
 holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights
 nor will they receive any distribution
from the Company&#x2019;s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such rights
 and the rights will expire worthless.
Further
 there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of
a Business Combination. Additionally
 in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly
 the
rights may expire worthless.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of the completion of an initial Business Combination or January 28
 2020.
However
 except as set forth below
 no Public Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current
registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating
to such ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within 90 days from the consummation of an initial Business Combination
 warrant
holders may
 until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have
failed to maintain an effective registration statement
 exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption from registration
provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act provided that such exemption is available. If an exemption from registration
is not available
 holders will not be able to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis. The warrants will expire five
years from the consummation of an initial Business Combination.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;




ACQUISITION CORP. III&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Company may call the Public Warrants for redemption (excluding the Private Warrants)
 in whole and not in part
 at a price of
$0.01 per warrant:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; vertical-align: top&gt;



    any time while the warrants are exercisable
&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; vertical-align: top&gt;



    not less than 30 days&#x2019; prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder
&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; vertical-align: top&gt;



    and only if
 the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share
 for any 20 trading days
    within a 30 trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders
 and&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; vertical-align: top&gt;



    and only if
 there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants
    at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until
    the date of redemption.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;


Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering
 except that the
Private Warrants and the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants will not be transferable
 assignable
or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination
 subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally
 the Private
Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their
permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees
the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption
 management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise
the Public Warrants to do so on a &#x201c;cashless basis
&#x201d; as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and
number of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event
of a share dividend
 extraordinary dividend or recapitalization
 reorganization
 merger or consolidation. In addition
 if&#x2009;
(x) the Company issues additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with
the closing of its initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $8.50 per ordinary share
(with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company&#x2019;s board of directors
 and
in the case of any such issuance to Company affiliates
 without taking into account any insider shares held by such affiliates
prior to such issuance) (&lt;span id=xdx_90A_ecustom--OrdinarySharesDescription_c20200101__20201231__us-gaap--TypeOfArrangementAxis__custom--WarrantAgreementMember title=Ordinary shares description&gt;where &#x201c;insider shares&#x201d; refers to the 2
875
000 ordinary shares held by the Company&#x2019;s
Initial Shareholders prior to the Company&#x2019;s Initial Public Offering)
 (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances
represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds
 and interest thereon
 available for the funding of the Company&#x2019;s initial
Business Combination on the date of the consummation of its initial Business Combination (net of redemptions) and (z) the volume
weighted average trading price of the Company&#x2019;s ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading
day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price
 the &#x201c;Market Value&#x201d;)
is below $8.50 per share
 the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the
greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the price at which the Company issues the additional ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities.&lt;/span&gt; Additionally
 in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to
complete a Business Combination within the required time period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account
holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants
 nor will they receive any distribution
from the Company&#x2019;s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such warrants. Accordingly
 the warrants may
expire worthless.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


    

      contextRef=AsOf2020-12-31
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=AsOf2019-12-31
      decimals=INF

    
    

      contextRef=AsOf2019-12-31
      decimals=INF

    
    
    
    
    
    

      contextRef=From2020-01-012020-12-31_custom_InitialShareholdersMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2020-01-012020-12-31_custom_InitialShareholdersMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2020-01-012020-12-31_custom_InitialShareholdersMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2020-01-012020-12-31_custom_InitialShareholdersMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2020-01-012020-12-31_custom_UnderwritersMember_us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2020-01-012020-12-31_custom_UnderwritersMember_us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2020-01-012020-12-31_custom_UnderwritersMember_us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=AsOf2020-12-31_custom_UnderwritersMember_us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=AsOf2020-12-31_custom_UnderwritersMember_us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember
      decimals=INF


Initial Shareholders have agreed not to transfer
 assign or sell any of the insider shares (except to certain permitted transferees)
until (1) with respect to 50% of the insider shares
 the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation of an initial
Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of the Company&#x2019;s ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.50 per
share (as adjusted for share splits
 share dividends
 reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any
30-trading day period commencing after an initial Business Combination and (2) with respect to the remaining 50% of the insider
shares
 one year after the date of the consummation of an initial Business Combination
 or earlier
 in either case
 if
 subsequent
to an initial Business Combination
 the Company consummates a liquidation
 merger
 stock exchange or other similar transaction
which results in all of the Company&#x2019;s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash
 securities


holder of a right will receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share upon consummation of a Business Combination
 even if a holder
of such right converted all ordinary shares held by it in connection with a Business Combination. No fractional shares will be
issued upon exchange of the rights. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to
receive its additional shares upon consummation of a Business Combination as the consideration related thereto has been included
in the Unit purchase price paid for by investors in the Initial Public Offering. If the Company enters into a definitive agreement
for a Business Combination in which the Company will not be the surviving entity
 the definitive agreement will provide for the
holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the ordinary shares will receive in the transaction
on an as-converted into ordinary shares basis and each holder of rights will be required to affirmatively covert its rights in
order to receive 1/10 of an ordinary share underlying each right (without paying additional consideration). The ordinary shares


875
000 ordinary shares held by the Company&#x2019;s
Initial Shareholders prior to the Company&#x2019;s Initial Public Offering)
 (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances
represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds
 and interest thereon
 available for the funding of the Company&#x2019;s initial
Business Combination on the date of the consummation of its initial Business Combination (net of redemptions) and (z) the volume
weighted average trading price of the Company&#x2019;s ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading
day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price
 the &#x201c;Market Value&#x201d;)
is below $8.50 per share
 the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the
greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the price at which the Company issues the additional ordinary shares or equity-linked


8. &lt;span id=xdx_82E_zbd4e6QTYgF2&gt;FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Company follows the guidance in ASC 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value
at each reporting period
 and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


fair value of the Company&#x2019;s financial assets and liabilities reflects management&#x2019;s estimate of amounts that the Company
would have received in connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets
and liabilities
 the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and
to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities).
The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable
inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; vertical-align: top&gt;


    1:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

    prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which
    transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing
    basis.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; vertical-align: top&gt;



&lt;tr style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; vertical-align: top&gt;


    2:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

    inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or
    liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; vertical-align: top&gt;



&lt;tr style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; vertical-align: top&gt;


    3:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

    inputs based on the Company&#x2019;s assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset
    or liability.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;




ACQUISITION CORP. III&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

31
 2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


following table presents information about the Company&#x2019;s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at
December 31
 2020 and 2019 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such
fair value:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold&gt;Description&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Level&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;




&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;Assets:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr id=xdx_400_eus-gaap--MarketableSecurities_iI_pp0p0 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;
    &lt;td style=width: 46%; text-align: left&gt;Marketable securities held in Trust Account&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;13
545
503&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;110
149
122&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;



following table presents information about the Company&#x2019;s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at
December 31
 2020 and 2019 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such
fair value:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;
    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold&gt;Description&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;Level&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;




&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;Assets:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr id=xdx_400_eus-gaap--MarketableSecurities_iI_pp0p0 style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;
    &lt;td style=width: 46%; text-align: left&gt;Marketable securities held in Trust Account&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;13
545
503&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;110
149
122&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;

    
    

9.&#x2009;&lt;span id=xdx_820_zPjC6mr6XbTj&gt;SUBSEQUENT EVENTS&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial
statements were issued. Based upon this review
 other than as described below
 the Company did not identify any subsequent events
that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


January 5
 2021
 the Company received a written notice (the &#x201c;Notice&#x201d;) from the Listing Qualifications Department of
The Nasdaq Stock Market (&#x201c;Nasdaq&#x201d;) indicating that the Company is not in compliance with Listing Rule 5620(a) and
5810(c)(2)(G)
 due to the Company&#x2019;s failure to hold an annual meeting of stockholders within twelve months of the end of
the Company&#x2019;s fiscal year end. The Notice is only a notification of deficiency
 not of imminent delisting
 and has no current
effect on the listing or trading of the Company&#x2019;s securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Company held their 2020 general
annual meeting on January 27
 2021 and intends to submit a plan of compliance with Nasdaq. On February 2
 2021
 the Company
received a letter from Nasdaq indicating it had regained compliance.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


January 27
 2021
 the Company held a special meeting pursuant to which the Company&#x2019;s shareholders approved extending the
date by which the Company had to complete a Business Combination from January 31
 2021 to April 30
 2021 (or July 31
 2021 if
the Company has executed a definitive agreement for a Business Combination by April 30
 2021) (such date or later date
 as applicable
the &#x201c;Extended Date&#x201d;). In connection with the approval of the extension
 shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate
of &lt;span id=xdx_909_eus-gaap--StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodShares_pii_c20210126__20210127__us-gaap--SubsequentEventTypeAxis__us-gaap--SubsequentEventMember_z02ZJ3fdfRDh&gt;300
&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;ordinary shares. As a result
 an aggregate
of $&lt;span id=xdx_90F_eus-gaap--StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodValue_c20210126__20210127__us-gaap--SubsequentEventTypeAxis__us-gaap--SubsequentEventMember__srt--ProductOrServiceAxis__custom--TrustAccountMember_zTFhnpDvFfZ4&gt;3
073
&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;(or approximately &lt;span style=font-family: Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$&lt;span id=xdx_903_ecustom--RedemptionSharePrice_iI_pii_c20210127__us-gaap--SubsequentEventTypeAxis__us-gaap--SubsequentEventMember__srt--ProductOrServiceAxis__custom--TrustAccountMember_zOmReri1siwl&gt;10.24
&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;per share) was released from the Company&#x2019;s Trust Account to pay such shareholders and &lt;span id=xdx_90C_eus-gaap--CommonStockValueOutstanding_iI_pp0p0_c20210127__us-gaap--SubsequentEventTypeAxis__us-gaap--SubsequentEventMember__srt--ProductOrServiceAxis__custom--TrustAccountMember_zoRu2LNhSDA&gt;4
417
096
&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;ordinary shares are now issued and outstanding.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


January 28
 2021
 the Company entered into a definitive business combination agreement (the &#x201c;Business Combination Agreement&#x201d;)
pursuant to which
 subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein (the &#x201c;Merger&#x201d;)
 (i) the Company will re-domesticate
as a Delaware corporation
 (ii) Stryve
 will conduct a reorganization pursuant to which Stryve Foods Holdings LLC (&#x201c;Stryve
Holdings&#x201d;) will become a holding company for Stryve
 the former owners of Stryve will become the owners of Stryve Holdings
and Stryve will retain all of its business
 assets and liabilities
 and become a wholly owned subsidiary of Stryve Holdings
 (iii)
Stryve Holdings will contribute to Andina Holdings LLC
 a subsidiary of Andina (&#x201c;Andina Holdings&#x201d;)
 the equity interests
of Stryve
 in exchange for newly issued non-voting membership interests of Andina Holdings and voting (but non-economic) common
stock of the Company
 and (iv) the Company will contribute all of its cash and cash equivalents to Andina Holdings
 after payment
of the Company shareholders that elect to have their Company shares redeemed or converted in connection with the consummation
of the Merger
 in exchange for newly issued voting membership interests of Andina Holdings
 all upon the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


to and upon the terms and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement
 Stryve Holdings will contribute to Andina Holdings
all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Stryve (the &#x201c;Seller Contribution&#x201d;) and Andina Holdings shall
issue to Stryve Holdings a number of newly issued Andina Holdings Class B Units (the &#x201c;Seller Consideration Units&#x201d;)
equal in value to (the &#x201c;Seller Consideration&#x201d;) (i) One Hundred and Thirty Million U.S. Dollars ($&lt;span id=xdx_90C_eus-gaap--BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1_c20210126__20210128__us-gaap--SubsequentEventTypeAxis__us-gaap--SubsequentEventMember_pp0p0 title=Total consideration amount&gt;130
000
000&lt;/span&gt;)
 minus
(ii) the amount
 if any
 by which the target consolidated net working capital amount of $&lt;span id=xdx_906_ecustom--WorkingCapital_c20210128__us-gaap--SubsequentEventTypeAxis__us-gaap--SubsequentEventMember_pp0p0 title=Working capital&gt;553
635&lt;/span&gt; exceeds the consolidated net
working capital of Stryve (but not less than zero)
 plus (iii) the amount
 if any
 by which the consolidated net working capital
of Stryve exceeds the target consolidated net working capital amount of $553
635 (but not less than zero)
 minus (iv) the amount
of indebtedness of Stryve at the closing (excluding certain capitalized leases and any obligations under the Bridge Notes or other
convertible debt of Stryve Holdings that is converted into equity in connection with the closing)
 minus (v) the amount of any
Stryve transaction expenses
 with each Andina Holdings Class B Unit valued for such purposes at a price of $&lt;span id=xdx_907_ecustom--ConversionPricePerShare_c20210128__us-gaap--SubsequentEventTypeAxis__us-gaap--SubsequentEventMember_pii title=Conversion price per share&gt;10.00&lt;/span&gt; per Unit. Additionally
the Company will issue to Stryve Holdings a number of shares of newly issued shares of the Company&#x2019;s Class V Common Stock
equal to the number of Seller Consideration Units.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


Business Combination Agreement contains customary representations
 warranties and covenants by the parties thereto and the closing
is subject to certain conditions as further described in the Business Combination Agreement.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


      contextRef=From2021-01-262021-01-27_us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=From2021-01-262021-01-27_us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember_custom_TrustAccountMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=AsOf2021-01-27_us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember_custom_TrustAccountMember
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=AsOf2021-01-27_us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember_custom_TrustAccountMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=From2021-01-262021-01-28_us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=AsOf2021-01-28_us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember
      decimals=0


      contextRef=AsOf2021-01-28_us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember
      decimals=INF


      xlink:role=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/link


          xlink:href=#Fact000168
          xlink:label=Fact000168


767
10
344
 shares subject to possible redemption at December 31
 2020 and 2019


          xlink:arcrole=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/arcrole/fact-footnote
          xlink:from=Fact000168
          xlink:to=Footnote000173


          xlink:href=#Fact000169
          xlink:label=Fact000169


          xlink:arcrole=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/arcrole/fact-footnote
          xlink:from=Fact000169
          xlink:to=Footnote000173


          xlink:href=#Fact000171
          xlink:label=Fact000171


    loss per ordinary share &#x2013; basic and diluted excludes income attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

2
058

 2020 and 2019


          xlink:arcrole=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/arcrole/fact-footnote
          xlink:from=Fact000171
          xlink:to=Footnote000177


          xlink:href=#Fact000172
          xlink:label=Fact000172


          xlink:arcrole=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/arcrole/fact-footnote
          xlink:from=Fact000172
          xlink:to=Footnote000177

















							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2020
Feb. 18
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020


Schedule of Capitalization
 Equity [Line Items]














































  2020













































Acquisition Corp. III

























Entity Incorporation
 State or Country Code








Entity Address
 Address Line One

                                         113 # 7-45 Torre B







Entity Address
 Address Line Two








Entity Address
 City or Town








Entity Address
 Country








Entity Address
 Postal Zip Code

















































































































562
700



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



417
096














Units
 each consisting of one ordinary share
 one right
 and one redeemable warrant








Schedule of Capitalization
 Equity [Line Items]










    each consisting of one ordinary share
 one right
 and one redeemable warrant

























Ordinary Shares
 par value $0.0001 per share








Schedule of Capitalization
 Equity [Line Items]










    Shares
 par value $0.0001 per share

























Rights
 each to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share








Schedule of Capitalization
 Equity [Line Items]










    each to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share

























Redeemable warrants
 exercisable for ordinary shares at a price of $11.50 per share








Schedule of Capitalization
 Equity [Line Items]










    warrants
 exercisable for ordinary shares at a price of $11.50 per share

















































































































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.





























 -Name Forms 10-K
 10-Q
 20-F



























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.




























Address Line 1 such as Attn
 Building Name
 Street Name













































































































































































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits
 the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits
 the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters
 and the fields are separated with a hyphen.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.






















































































The Tax Identification Number (TIN)
 also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN)
 is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.

























































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.


































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











192


254







076





192


600





545
503


149
122





743
695


509
722












176


723










Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
 767
392 and 10
344
550 shares at redemption value at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively

860
513


503
991










Preferred shares
 $0.0001 par value; 1
000
000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding






Ordinary shares
 $0.0001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized; 3
650
004 and 3
550
450 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 767
392 and 10
344
550 shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively








849
880


266
203





149
761


733
450





000
006


000
008





743
695


509
722







Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































The amount of cash
 securities
 or other assets held by a third-party trustee pursuant to the terms of an agreement which assets are available to be used by beneficiaries to that agreement only within the specific terms thereof and which agreement is expected to terminate more than one year from the balance sheet date (or operating cycle
 if longer) at which time the assets held-in-trust will be released or forfeited.

























































Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
























































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































Carrying amount
 attributable to parent
 of an entity's issued and outstanding stock which is not included within permanent equity. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer
 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. Includes stock with a put option held by an ESOP and stock redeemable by a holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











392


344
550



Preferred shares
 par value






Preferred shares
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Preferred shares
 shares outstanding






Preferred shares
 shares issued






Ordinary shares
 par value






Ordinary shares
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Ordinary shares
 shares issued

650
004


550
450



Ordinary shares
 shares outstanding

650
004


550
450






























































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019













279
291


675






430)








139
861)


675)














030


136
694








428






172


149
122






689)


762
447



Weighted average shares outstanding
 basic and diluted


592
787


446
449















767
10
344
 shares subject to possible redemption at December 31
 2020 and 2019





    loss per ordinary share &#8211; basic and diluted excludes income attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

2
058

 2020 and 2019























































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Excludes Selling
 General and Administrative Expense.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











392


344
550





544


058
429










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Balance &#8211; January 1
 2020 at Dec. 31
 2018



713


977)


997)



Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2018

875
000









Sale of 10
800
000 Units
 net of underwriting discounts

080


794
469




795
549



Sale of 10
800
000 Units
 net of underwriting discounts
 shares

800
000









Sale of 395
000 Private Units



949
960




950
000



Sale of 395
000 Private Units
 shares

000




















Forfeiture of Founder Shares
 shares

000)











035)


502
956)




503
991)



Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
 shares

344
550)















762
447


762
447



Balance &#8211; December 31
 2020 at Dec. 31
 2019



266
203


733
450


000
008



Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2019

550
450













677




687



Change in value of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
 shares

554















689)


689)



Balance &#8211; December 31
 2020 at Dec. 31
 2020



849
880


149
761


000
006



Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2020

650
004













Change in value of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
 shares.

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

































































































































































































































































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Subsidiary
 Sale of Stock [Line Items]










800
000










Subsidiary
 Sale of Stock [Line Items]








000


000









































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











689)


762
447












030)


136
694)







428)












076


076)





453


352)





332)


103)














000
000)





059
791







000







159
791


000
000)










Proceeds from sale of Units
 net of underwriting discounts paid



300
000







950
000







041







280)







259)







875)





059
791)







059
791)


751
627





332)


524





524







192


524














741
340





687)


762
651















































































































































































Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including
 but not limited to
 disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.

















































































































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.




























The amount of interest income and other income recognized during the period. Included in this element is interest derived from investments in debt securities
 cash and cash equivalents
 and other investments which reflect the time value of money or transactions in which the payments are for the use or forbearance of money and other income from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).

























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The cash outflow associated with the purchase of all investments (debt
 security
 other) during the period.






















































































The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.

























































The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]





NOTE
1. 

Andina
Acquisition Corp. III (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on July 29
 2016 as a blank check company
for the purpose of effecting a merger
 share exchange
 asset acquisition
 share purchase
 recapitalization
 reorganization or
other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (a &#8220;Business Combination&#8221;). The Company&#8217;s
efforts to identify a prospective target business are not limited to a particular industry or geographic region
 although the
Company initially intended to focus on target businesses in the Americas.

All
activity through December 31
 2020 relates to the Company&#8217;s formation
 its initial public offering (the &#8220;Initial Public
Offering&#8221;)
 which is described below
 and since the closing of the Initial Public Offering
 activities in connection with
the announced and subsequently terminated proposed acquisition of EMMAC Life Sciences Limited
 (&#8220;EMMAC&#8221;) (which activities
ceased in November 2020) and activities in connection with the proposed acquisition of Stryve Foods LLC (&#8220;Stryve&#8221;)
as discussed in Note 9.

In
August 2020


of evaluating a potential Business Combination that did not materialize.

Initial
Public Offering

The
registration statement for the Initial Public Offering (the &#8220;IPO&#8221;) was declared effective on January 24
 2019 pursuant
to Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;Securities Act&#8221;). On January 31
 2019
 the Company consummated

800

 with respect to the ordinary shares included in
the Units offered
 the &#8220;Public Shares&#8221;)
 which included a partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment


 per Unit

000

 which is described in Note
3.

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering


.00 per Private Unit in a private placement (the &#8220;Private Placement&#8221;) to certain shareholders
 or
their affiliates (collectively
 the &#8220;Initial Shareholders&#8221;) and the underwriters

950

which is described in Note 4.

Transaction

204


700
504
451

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering on January 31
 2019
 an amount of $108
000
000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds
of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Units was placed in a trust account (the &#8220;Trust
Account&#8221;)
 which has been invested in U.S. government securities
 within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the
Investment Company Act of 1940
 as amended (the &#8220;Investment Company Act&#8221;)
 with a maturity of 180 days or less or
in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment
Company Act
 as determined by the Company
 until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution
of the Trust Account to its shareholders
 as described below. The Company&#8217;s management has broad discretion with respect
to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and sale of the Private Units
 although substantially
all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. Placing funds in the
Trust Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against the Company. Although the Company will seek to have
all vendors
 service providers
 prospective target businesses or other entities it engages
 execute agreements with the Company
waiving any claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account
 there is no guarantee that such persons will execute
such agreements. One of the Company&#8217;s directors has agreed to be personally liable if the Company liquidates the Trust Account
prior to the consummation of a Business Combination to ensure that the proceeds held in the Trust Account are not reduced by the
claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by the Company for services rendered or
contracted for or products sold to the Company. However
 such director may not be able to satisfy those obligations should they
arise. The remaining net proceeds (not held in the Trust Account) may be used to pay for business
 legal and accounting due diligence
on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses. Additionally
 the interest earned on the Trust


pay for the Company&#8217;s working capital obligations
 including any necessary liquidation or dissolution expenses.

In
order to meet its working capital needs following the consummation of the Initial Public Offering
 the Company&#8217;s Initial
Shareholders
 officers and directors or their affiliates may
 but are not obligated to
 loan the Company funds
 from time to time
or at any time
 in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory
note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of the Company&#8217;s initial Business Combination
 without interest
or


 per unit. In the event that the initial Business Combination
does not close
 the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts
but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment.



ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2020

Initial
Business Combination

Pursuant
to the Nasdaq Capital Markets listing rules
 the Company&#8217;s initial Business Combination must be with a target business or
businesses whose collective fair market value is at least equal to 80% of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of the
execution of a definitive agreement for such Business Combination
 although this may entail simultaneous acquisitions of several
target businesses. The fair market value of the target will be determined by the Company&#8217;s board of directors based upon
one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales
 earnings
 cash flow and/or
book value). The target business or businesses that the Company acquires may have a collective fair market value substantially

 the Company may issue a significant
amount of its debt or equity securities to the sellers of such business and/or seek to raise additional funds through a private
offering of debt or equity securities. There are no limitations on the Company&#8217;s ability to incur debt or issue securities
in order to consummate a Business Combination. Since the Company has no specific Business Combination under consideration
 the
Company has not entered into any arrangement to issue debt or equity securities. If the net proceeds of Initial Public Offering
prove to be insufficient
 either because of the size of the Business Combination
 the depletion of the available net proceeds
in search of a target business
 or the obligation to convert a significant number of shares from shareholders into cash
 the Company
will be required to seek additional financing in order to complete its initial Business Combination. In addition
 if the Company
consummates a Business Combination
 it may require additional financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business.
The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the
target business. None of the Company&#8217;s officers
 directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to the Company
in connection with or after a Business Combination.

In
connection with any proposed initial Business Combination
 the Company will either (1) seek shareholder approval of such initial
Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public shareholders may seek to convert their Public Shares
regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed Business Combination
 into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account (net of taxes payable) or (2) provide public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their
Public Shares to the Company by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal
to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (net of taxes payable)
 in each case subject
to the limitations described herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the Initial Shareholders have agreed
 pursuant to written
letter agreements with the Company
 not to convert any Public Shares held by them into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account. If the Company determines to engage in a tender offer
 such tender offer will be structured
so that each public shareholder may tender any or all of his
 her or its Public Shares rather than some pro rata portion of his
her or its shares. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or
will allow shareholders to sell their Public Shares to it in a tender offer will be made by the Company based on a variety of
factors such as the timing of the transaction
 whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require it to seek shareholder
approval or whether the Company is deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require us to conduct a tender offer rather
than seeking shareholder approval under the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;) rules). If the Company
engages in a tender offer in connection with an initial Business Combination
 the Company will file tender offer documents with
the SEC
 which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial Business Combination as is
required under the SEC&#8217;s proxy rules. The Company will consummate an initial Business Combination only if it has net tangible
assets of at least $5
000
001 upon such consummation of a Business Combination and
 solely if it seeks shareholder approval
 a

000

tangible asset value would be determined once a target business is located and the Company can assess all of the assets and liabilities
of the combined company.

The
Initial Shareholders have agreed (i) to vote their insider shares
 Private Shares (as defined in Note 4) and any Public Shares
purchased in or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of any proposed Business Combination and (ii) not to convert any shares
(including the insider shares) in connection with a shareholder vote to approve or sell their shares to the Company in any tender
offer in connection with
 a proposed initial Business Combination.

Failure
to Consummate a Business Combination

The
Company initially had until July 31
 2020 to complete a Business Combination. On July 29
 2020
 the Company held a special meeting
pursuant to which the Company&#8217;s shareholders approved extending the date by which the Company had to complete a Business
Combination from July 31
 2020 to October 31
 2020 (or December 31
 2020 if the Company had executed a definitive agreement
for a Business Combination by October 31
 2020). In connection with the approval of the extension
 shareholders elected to redeem

303
096


063

10.24
9
591
904

 2020.

On
October 28
 2020
 the Company held a special meeting pursuant to which the Company&#8217;s shareholders approved extending the
date by which the Company had to complete a Business Combination from October 31
 2020 to January 31
 2021 (or April 30
 2021
if the Company has executed a definitive agreement for a Business Combination by January 31
 2021). In connection with the approval
of the extension

174
508
ordinary shares. As a result
 an aggregate

996
10.24
4
417
396

 2020.



ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2020

On
January 27
 2021
 the Company held a special meeting pursuant to which the Company&#8217;s shareholders approved extending the
date by which the Company had to complete a Business Combination from January 31
 2021 to April 30
 2021 (or July 31
 2021 if
the Company has executed a definitive agreement for a Business Combination by April 30
 2021) (such date or later date
 as applicable
the &#8220;Extended Date&#8221;). In connection with the approval of the extension
 shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate

ordinary shares. As a result
 an aggregate

073

417
096


Pursuant
to the terms of the Company&#8217;s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
 failure to consummate a Business
Combination by the Extended Date will trigger the automatic winding up
 dissolution and liquidation of the Company. As a result
this has the same effect as if the Company had formally gone through a voluntary liquidation procedure under Cayman Islands Companies
Law. Accordingly
 no vote would be required from shareholders to commence such a voluntary winding up
 dissolution and liquidation.
The holders of the insider shares will not participate in any liquidation distribution from the Trust Account with respect to
their insider shares.

Liquidity
and Going Concern

As
of December 31
 2020



545

Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its Public Shares in connection therewith and working


 2020


interest income
 which is available to pay the Company&#8217;s tax obligations
 if any. On April 9
 2020
 pursuant to the prospectus
relating to the IPO and the terms and conditions of the Investment Management Trust Agreement
 dated January 28
 2019
 by and
between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company


funds held in the trust account to support the Company&#8217;s working capital obligations.

Until
the consummation of a Business Combination
 the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying
and evaluating target businesses
 performing due diligence on prospective target businesses
 traveling to and from the offices
plants or similar location of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners
 reviewing corporate documents
and material agreements of prospective target businesses and structuring
 negotiating and completing a Business Combination.

The
Company will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor
 an affiliate of the Sponsor
or its officers or directors. The Company&#8217;s officers
 directors and Sponsor
 or their affiliates
 may
 but are not obligated
to
 loan the Company funds
 from time to time or at any time
 in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion
to meet the Company&#8217;s working capital needs. Accordingly
 the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If
the Company is unable to raise additional capital
 it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity
 which
could include
 but not necessarily be limited to
 curtailing operations
 suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction
 and
reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially
acceptable terms
 if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going
concern through the Extended Date
 which is the date the Company is required cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up if it has not completed a Business Combination. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery
of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue
as a going concern.

Risks
and Uncertainties

Management
continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus
could have a negative effect on the Company&#8217;s financial position
 results of its operations and/or search for a target company
the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.





































The entire disclosure for organization
 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE
2. 

Basis
of Presentation

The
accompanying financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.



ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2020

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

The
Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
t have any cash equivalents as of December 31
 2020 and 2019.

Cash
and Marketable Securities Held in Trust Account

At
December 31
 2020
 the assets held in the Trust Account were substantially held in money market funds
 which primarily invest
in U.S. Treasury Bills. At December 31
 2019
 the assets held in the Trust Account were substantially held in U.S. Treasury Bills.

Ordinary
Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

The
Company accounts for its ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards
Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) Topic 480 &#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.&#8221; Ordinary shares subject to mandatory
redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including
ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon
the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company&#8217;s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other
times
 ordinary shares are classified as shareholders&#8217; equity. The Company&#8217;s ordinary shares feature certain redemption
rights that are considered to be outside of the Company&#8217;s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events.
Accordingly
 ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity
 outside of
the shareholders&#8217; equity section of the Company&#8217;s balance sheets.

Net
Loss per Ordinary Share

Net
loss per ordinary share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the
period. The Company applies the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 which are not currently redeemable and are not redeemable at fair value
 have been excluded
from the calculation of basic net loss per ordinary share since such shares
 if redeemed
 only participate in their pro rata share
of the Trust Account earnings. The Company has not considered the effect of (1) warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and

195
000
ordinary shares
 and (2) rights sold in

119
500
ordinary shares
 in the calculation of
diluted loss per share
 since the exercise of the warrants and the conversion of the rights into ordinary shares are contingent
upon the occurrence of future events. As a result
 diluted net loss per ordinary share is the same as basic net loss per ordinary
share for the periods presented.

Reconciliation
of Net Loss per Ordinary Share

The
Company&#8217;s net (loss) income is adjusted for the portion of income that is attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption
 as these shares only participate in the earnings of the Trust Account and not the income or losses of the Company.
Accordingly
 basic and diluted loss per ordinary share is calculated as follows:




    
    
    

    
 December 31


    
    
    

    
(583
689
1
762
447

    
(39
544
(2
058
429

    
(623
233
(295
982

    
    
    


 basic and diluted
3
592
787
3
446
449

    
    
    

    
    
    


Income
Taxes

The
Company complies with the accounting and reporting requirements of ASC Topic 740
 &#8220;Income Taxes
&#8221; which requires an
asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities
are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future
taxable or deductible amounts
 based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected
to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
 to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected
to be realized.



ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2020

ASC
Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized
 a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company&#8217;s management determined that the Cayman Islands is the
Company&#8217;s major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits
as income tax expense. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 there were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest
and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments
 accruals
or material deviation from its position over the next twelve months.

The
Company may be subject to potential examination by foreign taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations
may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions
 the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance
with foreign tax laws.

The
Company is considered an exempted Cayman Islands company and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements
in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such
 the Company&#8217;s tax provision is zero for all periods presented.

Concentration
of Credit Risk

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution
which


account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
fair value of the Company&#8217;s assets and liabilities
 which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820
 &#8220;Fair
Value Measurement
&#8221; approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying financial statements
 primarily due
to their short-term nature.

Recent
Accounting Standards

Management
does not believe that any recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material
effect on the accompanying financial statements.















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE
3. 

Pursuant
to the Initial Public Offering

800
000
10.00
per Unit
 which included a partial exercise

000
10.00
per Unit. Each Unit consists of one ordinary
share of the Company
 one right (the &#8220;Public Right&#8221;) and one redeemable warrant (the &#8220;Public Warrant&#8221;).

Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one ordinary share at an exercise price of $

If
the Company is unable to complete an initial Business Combination by the Extended Date and the Company redeems the public shares
for the funds held in the Trust Account
 holders of the rights and warrants will not receive any of such funds for their rights
and warrants and the rights and warrants will expire worthless.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE
4. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering
 certain of the Initial Shareholders
 including the underwriters in the Initial
Public Offering (and their respective designees)

000
10.00
per Private Unit
 for an aggregate purchase

950
.

 one right (the &#8220;Private Right&#8221;) and
one redeemable warrant (each
 a &#8220;Private Warrant&#8221;). The proceeds from the Private Units have been added to the proceeds
from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination by the Extended
Date
 the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the public shares (subject to the
requirements of applicable law)
 and the Private Units and all underlying securities will expire worthless.

The
Private Units are identical to the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering except that the Private Warrants are non-redeemable
and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. Additionally
the purchasers of the Private Units have agreed (A) to vote the Private Shares in favor of any proposed Business Combination
(B) not to propose
 or vote in favor of
 an amendment to the Company&#8217;s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
with respect to its pre-Business Combination activities prior to the consummation of such a Business Combination unless the Company
provides public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their Public Shares in connection with any such vote
 (C) not to
convert any Private Shares into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve
a proposed initial Business Combination or a vote to amend the provisions of the Company&#8217;s amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association relating to shareholders&#8217; rights or pre-Business Combination activity and (D) that the Private
Shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution from the Trust Account upon winding up if a Business Combination
is not consummated. The purchasers of the Private Units have also agreed not to transfer
 assign or sell any of the Private Units
or underlying securities (except to permitted transferees) until the completion of an initial Business Combination.



ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2020














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE
5. 

Promissory
Note &#8211; Related Party

On
November 7
 2016
 the Company issued a promissory note to a director of the Company
 pursuant to which the Company borrowed an


 2019
 (ii) the date on which
the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering or (iii) the date on which the Company determined to not proceed with such
Initial Public Offering. The promissory note was repaid upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering on January 31
 2019.

Advance
from Related Party

A


The advances were non-interest bearing and due on demand. The advances were repaid upon the consummation of the Initial Public
Offering.















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE
6. 

Business
Combination Marketing Agreement

The
Company engaged the joint book-running managers in the Initial Public Offering as advisors in connection with a Business Combination
to assist the Company in holding meetings with its shareholders to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business&#8217;
attributes
 introduce the Company to potential investors that are interested in purchasing the Company&#8217;s securities in connection
with a Business Combination
 assist the Company in obtaining shareholder approval for the Business Combination and assist the
Company with its press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. The Company will pay the joint
book-running managers aggregate cash fees for such services upon the consummation of a Business Combination in an amount equal

240

is not consummated for any reason during the 18-month period from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (as such period may
be extended)
 no fee will be due or payable to the advisors.

Fee
Arrangements

Following
the Initial Public Offering
 the Company entered into a letter agreement with a member of the Company&#8217;s board of directors
that provides for a success fee to be paid to such director upon consummation of a Business Combination with a target business
 of the total consideration paid by the Company in the transaction
subject to certain minimum and maximum amounts set forth in the agreement.

In
addition
 the Company entered into several letter agreements with unaffiliated third parties that provide for a success fee to
be paid to each such third party upon consummation of a Business Combination with a target business introduced to the Company
 of the total consideration paid by the Company in the transaction
 subject
to certain minimum and maximum amounts set forth in the various agreements.

Related
to the business combination with Stryve
 we entered into engagement letters with Cowen and Craig-Hallum

and placement agent to the transaction
 with an aggregate success fee of 2% of the transaction value and 6% fee of gross proceeds
raised as agents

Registration
Rights

Pursuant
to a registration rights agreement entered into on January 28
 2019
 the holders of the insider shares
 as well as the holders
of the Private Units (and underlying securities) and any securities issued in payment of working capital loans made to the Company
are entitled to registration rights. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands that
the Company register such securities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
 the underwriters (and their designees) may only
make a demand registration (i) on one occasion and (ii) during the five-year period beginning on January 28
 2019. The holders
of the majority of the insider shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior
to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the Private Units (and
underlying securities) and securities issued in payment of working capital loans (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise
these registration rights at any time after the Company consummates a Business Combination. In addition
 the holders have certain
&#8220;piggy-back&#8221; registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a
Business Combination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
 the underwriters (and their designees) may participate in a &#8220;piggy-back&#8221;
registration only during the seven-year period beginning January 28
 2019. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection
with the filing of any such registration statements.



ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2020





































The entire disclosure for significant arrangements with third parties
 which includes operating lease arrangements and arrangements in which the entity has agreed to expend funds to procure goods or services
 or has agreed to commit resources to supply goods or services
 and operating lease arrangements. Descriptions may include identification of the specific goods and services
 period of time covered
 minimum quantities and amounts
 and cancellation rights.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE
7. 

Preferred
Shares

The

000
000


 rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company&#8217;s board
of directors. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019



Ordinary
Shares

The

000
000
0.0001
per share. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
3
650
3
550
 ordinary shares issued and outstanding

10
344
550

 respectively.

In
connection with the organization of the Company

875



875


to the extent that the underwriters&#8217; over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part so that the Company&#8217;s
 of the issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. As a result of the






2
700
 shares issued
and outstanding at the Initial Public Offering date.

The
Initial Shareholders have agreed not to transfer
 assign or sell any of the insider shares (except to certain permitted transferees)
until (1) with respect to 50% of the insider shares
 the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation of an initial
Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of the Company&#8217;s ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.50 per
share (as adjusted for share splits
 share dividends
 reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any
30-trading day period commencing after an initial Business Combination and (2) with respect to the remaining 50% of the insider
shares
 one year after the date of the consummation of an initial Business Combination
 or earlier
 in either case
 if
 subsequent
to an initial Business Combination
 the Company consummates a liquidation
 merger
 stock exchange or other similar transaction
which results in all of the Company&#8217;s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash
 securities
or other property.



Each
holder of a right will receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share upon consummation of a Business Combination
 even if a holder
of such right converted all ordinary shares held by it in connection with a Business Combination. No fractional shares will be
issued upon exchange of the rights. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to
receive its additional shares upon consummation of a Business Combination as the consideration related thereto has been included
in the Unit purchase price paid for by investors in the Initial Public Offering. If the Company enters into a definitive agreement
for a Business Combination in which the Company will not be the surviving entity
 the definitive agreement will provide for the
holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the ordinary shares will receive in the transaction
on an as-converted into ordinary shares basis and each holder of rights will be required to affirmatively covert its rights in
order to receive 1/10 of an ordinary share underlying each right (without paying additional consideration). The ordinary shares
issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of the Company).

If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by the Extended Date and the Company liquidates the funds held in the
Trust Account
 holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights
 nor will they receive any distribution
from the Company&#8217;s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such rights
 and the rights will expire worthless.
Further
 there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of
a Business Combination. Additionally
 in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly
 the
rights may expire worthless.



The
Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of the completion of an initial Business Combination or January 28
 2020.
However
 except as set forth below
 no Public Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current
registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating
to such ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within 90 days from the consummation of an initial Business Combination
 warrant
holders may
 until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have
failed to maintain an effective registration statement
 exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption from registration
provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act provided that such exemption is available. If an exemption from registration
is not available
 holders will not be able to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis. The warrants will expire five
years from the consummation of an initial Business Combination.



ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2020

The
Company may call the Public Warrants for redemption (excluding the Private Warrants)
 in whole and not in part
 at a price of
$0.01 per warrant:



    
    
at
    any time while the warrants are exercisable


    
    
upon
    not less than 30 days&#8217; prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder


    
    
if
    and only if
 the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share
 for any 20 trading days
    within a 30 trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders
 and

    
    
if
    and only if
 there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants
    at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until
    the date of redemption.


The
Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering
 except that the
Private Warrants and the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants will not be transferable
 assignable
or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination
 subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally
 the Private
Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their
permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees
the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants.

If
the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption
 management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise
the Public Warrants to do so on a &#8220;cashless basis
&#8221; as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and
number of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event
of a share dividend
 extraordinary dividend or recapitalization
 reorganization
 merger or consolidation. In addition
 if&#8201;
(x) the Company issues additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with
the closing of its initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $8.50 per ordinary share
(with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company&#8217;s board of directors
 and
in the case of any such issuance to Company affiliates
 without taking into account any insider shares held by such affiliates

875
000 ordinary shares held by the Company&#8217;s
Initial Shareholders prior to the Company&#8217;s Initial Public Offering)
 (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances
represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds
 and interest thereon
 available for the funding of the Company&#8217;s initial
Business Combination on the date of the consummation of its initial Business Combination (net of redemptions) and (z) the volume
weighted average trading price of the Company&#8217;s ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading
day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price
 the &#8220;Market Value&#8221;)
is below $8.50 per share
 the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the
greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the price at which the Company issues the additional ordinary shares or equity-linked

 in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to
complete a Business Combination within the required time period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account
holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants
 nor will they receive any distribution
from the Company&#8217;s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such warrants. Accordingly
 the warrants may
expire worthless.





































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE
8. 

The
Company follows the guidance in ASC 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value
at each reporting period
 and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually.

The
fair value of the Company&#8217;s financial assets and liabilities reflects management&#8217;s estimate of amounts that the Company
would have received in connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets
and liabilities
 the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and
to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities).
The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable
inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities:



    
Level
    1:
Quoted
    prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which
    transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing
    basis.

    
    
    

    
Level
    2:
Observable
    inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or
    liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.

    
    
    

    
Level
    3:
Unobservable
    inputs based on the Company&#8217;s assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset
    or liability.




ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2020

The
following table presents information about the Company&#8217;s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at
December 31
 2020 and 2019 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such
fair value:




    
    
December 31

December 31


    
    
    
    

    
    
13
545
503
110
149
122






































The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE
9.&#8201;

The
Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial
statements were issued. Based upon this review
 other than as described below
 the Company did not identify any subsequent events
that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.

On
January 5
 2021
 the Company received a written notice (the &#8220;Notice&#8221;) from the Listing Qualifications Department of
The Nasdaq Stock Market (&#8220;Nasdaq&#8221;) indicating that the Company is not in compliance with Listing Rule 5620(a) and
5810(c)(2)(G)
 due to the Company&#8217;s failure to hold an annual meeting of stockholders within twelve months of the end of
the Company&#8217;s fiscal year end. The Notice is only a notification of deficiency
 not of imminent delisting
 and has no current
effect on the listing or trading of the Company&#8217;s securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The Company held their 2020 general
annual meeting on January 27
 2021 and intends to submit a plan of compliance with Nasdaq. On February 2
 2021
 the Company
received a letter from Nasdaq indicating it had regained compliance.

On
January 27
 2021
 the Company held a special meeting pursuant to which the Company&#8217;s shareholders approved extending the
date by which the Company had to complete a Business Combination from January 31
 2021 to April 30
 2021 (or July 31
 2021 if
the Company has executed a definitive agreement for a Business Combination by April 30
 2021) (such date or later date
 as applicable
the &#8220;Extended Date&#8221;). In connection with the approval of the extension
 shareholders elected to redeem an aggregate

ordinary shares. As a result
 an aggregate

073
10.24
4
417
096


On
January 28
 2021
 the Company entered into a definitive business combination agreement (the &#8220;Business Combination Agreement&#8221;)
pursuant to which
 subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein (the &#8220;Merger&#8221;)
 (i) the Company will re-domesticate
as a Delaware corporation
 (ii) Stryve
 will conduct a reorganization pursuant to which Stryve Foods Holdings LLC (&#8220;Stryve
Holdings&#8221;) will become a holding company for Stryve
 the former owners of Stryve will become the owners of Stryve Holdings
and Stryve will retain all of its business
 assets and liabilities
 and become a wholly owned subsidiary of Stryve Holdings
 (iii)
Stryve Holdings will contribute to Andina Holdings LLC
 a subsidiary of Andina (&#8220;Andina Holdings&#8221;)
 the equity interests
of Stryve
 in exchange for newly issued non-voting membership interests of Andina Holdings and voting (but non-economic) common
stock of the Company
 and (iv) the Company will contribute all of its cash and cash equivalents to Andina Holdings
 after payment
of the Company shareholders that elect to have their Company shares redeemed or converted in connection with the consummation
of the Merger
 in exchange for newly issued voting membership interests of Andina Holdings
 all upon the terms and subject to
the conditions set forth in the Business Combination Agreement.

Subject
to and upon the terms and conditions of the Business Combination Agreement
 Stryve Holdings will contribute to Andina Holdings
all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Stryve (the &#8220;Seller Contribution&#8221;) and Andina Holdings shall
issue to Stryve Holdings a number of newly issued Andina Holdings Class B Units (the &#8220;Seller Consideration Units&#8221;)

000

 minus
(ii) the amount
 if any


working capital of Stryve (but not less than zero)
 plus (iii) the amount
 if any
 by which the consolidated net working capital
of Stryve exceeds the target consolidated net working capital amount of $553
635 (but not less than zero)
 minus (iv) the amount
of indebtedness of Stryve at the closing (excluding certain capitalized leases and any obligations under the Bridge Notes or other
convertible debt of Stryve Holdings that is converted into equity in connection with the closing)
 minus (v) the amount of any
Stryve transaction expenses
 per Unit. Additionally
the Company will issue to Stryve Holdings a number of shares of newly issued shares of the Company&#8217;s Class V Common Stock
equal to the number of Seller Consideration Units.

The
Business Combination Agreement contains customary representations
 warranties and covenants by the parties thereto and the closing
is subject to certain conditions as further described in the Business Combination Agreement.




































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







Basis
of Presentation

The
accompanying financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.






Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.





Cash
and Cash Equivalents

The
Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
t have any cash equivalents as of December 31
 2020 and 2019.






Cash
and Marketable Securities Held in Trust Account

At
December 31
 2020
 the assets held in the Trust Account were substantially held in money market funds
 which primarily invest
in U.S. Treasury Bills. At December 31
 2019
 the assets held in the Trust Account were substantially held in U.S. Treasury Bills.






Ordinary
Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

The
Company accounts for its ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards
Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) Topic 480 &#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.&#8221; Ordinary shares subject to mandatory
redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including
ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon
the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company&#8217;s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other
times
 ordinary shares are classified as shareholders&#8217; equity. The Company&#8217;s ordinary shares feature certain redemption
rights that are considered to be outside of the Company&#8217;s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events.
Accordingly
 ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity
 outside of
the shareholders&#8217; equity section of the Company&#8217;s balance sheets.






Net
Loss per Ordinary Share

Net
loss per ordinary share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the
period. The Company applies the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 which are not currently redeemable and are not redeemable at fair value
 have been excluded
from the calculation of basic net loss per ordinary share since such shares
 if redeemed
 only participate in their pro rata share
of the Trust Account earnings. The Company has not considered the effect of (1) warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and

195
000
ordinary shares
 and (2) rights sold in

119
500
ordinary shares
 in the calculation of
diluted loss per share
 since the exercise of the warrants and the conversion of the rights into ordinary shares are contingent
upon the occurrence of future events. As a result
 diluted net loss per ordinary share is the same as basic net loss per ordinary
share for the periods presented.






Reconciliation
of Net Loss per Ordinary Share

The
Company&#8217;s net (loss) income is adjusted for the portion of income that is attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption
 as these shares only participate in the earnings of the Trust Account and not the income or losses of the Company.
Accordingly
 basic and diluted loss per ordinary share is calculated as follows:




    
    
    

    
 December 31


    
    
    

    
(583
689
1
762
447

    
(39
544
(2
058
429

    
(623
233
(295
982

    
    
    


 basic and diluted
3
592
787
3
446
449

    
    
    

    
    
    







Income
Taxes

The
Company complies with the accounting and reporting requirements of ASC Topic 740
 &#8220;Income Taxes
&#8221; which requires an
asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities
are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future
taxable or deductible amounts
 based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected
to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
 to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected
to be realized.



ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2020

ASC
Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized
 a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company&#8217;s management determined that the Cayman Islands is the
Company&#8217;s major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits
as income tax expense. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 there were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest
and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments
 accruals
or material deviation from its position over the next twelve months.

The
Company may be subject to potential examination by foreign taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations
may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions
 the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance
with foreign tax laws.

The
Company is considered an exempted Cayman Islands company and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements
in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such
 the Company&#8217;s tax provision is zero for all periods presented.






Concentration
of Credit Risk

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution
which


account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account.






Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
fair value of the Company&#8217;s assets and liabilities
 which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820
 &#8220;Fair
Value Measurement
&#8221; approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying financial statements
 primarily due
to their short-term nature.






Recent
Accounting Standards

Management
does not believe that any recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material
effect on the accompanying financial statements.





























































































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The
Company&#8217;s net (loss) income is adjusted for the portion of income that is attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption
 as these shares only participate in the earnings of the Trust Account and not the income or losses of the Company.
Accordingly
 basic and diluted loss per ordinary share is calculated as follows:




    
    
    

    
 December 31


    
    
    

    
(583
689
1
762
447

    
(39
544
(2
058
429

    
(623
233
(295
982

    
    
    


 basic and diluted
3
592
787
3
446
449

    
    
    

    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The
following table presents information about the Company&#8217;s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at
December 31
 2020 and 2019 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such
fair value:




    
    
December 31

December 31


    
    
    
    

    
    
13
545
503
110
149
122









Tabular disclosure of assets
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 by class that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Jan. 27
 2021
Oct. 28
 2020
Jul. 29
 2020
Apr. 09
 2020
Jan. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2020
Sep. 30
 2020
Aug. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019









































430


430)

























800
000























950
000





















204
451























700
000























451

















000
001






000
001





Stock redeemed or called during period
 shares



174
508


303
096

















Stock redeemed or called during period
 value



















503
991)



Ordinary shares
 shares outstanding











650
004






650
004


550
450















192






192


254















545
503






545
503


149
122















984






984

















000






000













000





























































Stock redeemed or called during period
 shares



























































































Initial business combination
 description

















to the Nasdaq Capital Markets listing rules
 the Company&#8217;s initial Business Combination must be with a target business or
businesses whose collective fair market value is at least equal to 80% of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of the
execution of a definitive agreement for such Business Combination
 although this may entail simultaneous acquisitions of several
target businesses. The fair market value of the target will be determined by the Company&#8217;s board of directors based upon
one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales
 earnings
 cash flow and/or
book value). The target business or businesses that the Company acquires may have a collective fair market value substantially
in excess of 80% of the Trust Account balance.





Stock redeemed or called during period
 value











996
135


063
656
































Ordinary shares
 shares outstanding











417
396


591
904




417
396



















































Stock redeemed or called during period
 value

073












































Ordinary shares
 shares outstanding

417
096





















































































000























000





























































800
000








800
000






































000
000





































































000








000




















































































000














































950
000

















Business combination
 recognized identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed
 tangible assets.






































































































































































































































The amount of cash
 securities
 or other assets held by a third-party trustee pursuant to the terms of an agreement which assets are available to be used by beneficiaries to that agreement only within the specific terms thereof and which agreement is expected to terminate more than one year from the balance sheet date (or operating cycle
 if longer) at which time the assets held-in-trust will be released or forfeited.




























With respect to a business combination completed during the period
 this element provides a description of the business
 other than the name
 which may include the industry
 size
 products and other important information.













































































































































































Carrying value of amounts transferred to third parties for security purposes that are expected to be returned or applied towards payment after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.




























Expense related to distribution
 servicing and underwriting fees.



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019













689)


762
447






544)


058
429)






233)


982)



Weighted average shares outstanding
 basic and diluted


592
787


446
449















767
10
344
 shares subject to possible redemption at December 31
 2020 and 2019





    loss per ordinary share &#8211; basic and diluted excludes income attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

2
058

 2020 and 2019



























































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


















000



















Class of Warrant or Right
 Number of Securities Called by Warrants or Rights

119
500



















Class of Warrant or Right
 Number of Securities Called by Warrants or Rights

195
000









Amount of short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.

























































Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jan. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2020









Subsidiary
 Sale of Stock [Line Items]




















Subsidiary
 Sale of Stock [Line Items]








800
000


800
000










Initial public offering
 description



Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per share (see Note 7).










Subsidiary
 Sale of Stock [Line Items]








000


000














Initial public offering
 description.














































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Subsidiary
 Sale of Stock [Line Items]










800
000







950
000










Subsidiary
 Sale of Stock [Line Items]








000


000












950
000





Private units issued
 description

 one right (the &#8220;Private Right&#8221;) and
one redeemable warrant (each
 a &#8220;Private Warrant&#8221;). The proceeds from the Private Units have been added to the proceeds
from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination by the Extended
Date
 the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the public shares (subject to the
requirements of applicable law)
 and the Private Units and all underlying securities will expire worthless.









Private units issued
 description.
























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
Nov. 07
 2016















280

























280































259







The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

























































The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2021
Dec. 31
 2020











and placement agent to the transaction
 with an aggregate success fee of 2% of the transaction value and 6% fee of gross proceeds
raised as agents























240
000








































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019


Subsidiary
 Sale of Stock [Line Items]






Preferred shares
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Preferred shares
 par value






Preferred shares
 shares issued






Ordinary shares
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Ordinary shares
 par value






Ordinary shares
 issued

650
004


550
450



Ordinary shares
 outstanding

650
004


550
450





392


344
550







800
000










Subsidiary
 Sale of Stock [Line Items]








875
000 ordinary shares held by the Company&#8217;s
Initial Shareholders prior to the Company&#8217;s Initial Public Offering)
 (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances
represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds
 and interest thereon
 available for the funding of the Company&#8217;s initial
Business Combination on the date of the consummation of its initial Business Combination (net of redemptions) and (z) the volume
weighted average trading price of the Company&#8217;s ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading
day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price
 the &#8220;Market Value&#8221;)
is below $8.50 per share
 the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the
greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the price at which the Company issues the additional ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities.












Subsidiary
 Sale of Stock [Line Items]








875
000







000







000



















Subsidiary
 Sale of Stock [Line Items]








Initial Shareholders have agreed not to transfer
 assign or sell any of the insider shares (except to certain permitted transferees)
until (1) with respect to 50% of the insider shares
 the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation of an initial
Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of the Company&#8217;s ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.50 per
share (as adjusted for share splits
 share dividends
 reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any
30-trading day period commencing after an initial Business Combination and (2) with respect to the remaining 50% of the insider
shares
 one year after the date of the consummation of an initial Business Combination
 or earlier
 in either case
 if
 subsequent
to an initial Business Combination
 the Company consummates a liquidation
 merger
 stock exchange or other similar transaction
which results in all of the Company&#8217;s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash
 securities
or other property.












Subsidiary
 Sale of Stock [Line Items]






Ordinary shares
 issued

700
000





Ordinary shares
 outstanding

700
000







000





Number of shares
 no longer subject to forfeiture

000







000












Subsidiary
 Sale of Stock [Line Items]








holder of a right will receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share upon consummation of a Business Combination
 even if a holder
of such right converted all ordinary shares held by it in connection with a Business Combination. No fractional shares will be
issued upon exchange of the rights. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to
receive its additional shares upon consummation of a Business Combination as the consideration related thereto has been included
in the Unit purchase price paid for by investors in the Initial Public Offering. If the Company enters into a definitive agreement
for a Business Combination in which the Company will not be the surviving entity
 the definitive agreement will provide for the
holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the ordinary shares will receive in the transaction
on an as-converted into ordinary shares basis and each holder of rights will be required to affirmatively covert its rights in
order to receive 1/10 of an ordinary share underlying each right (without paying additional consideration). The ordinary shares
issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of the Company).









Number of shares
 no longer subject to forfeiture.



















































































































With respect to a business combination completed during the period
 this element provides a description of the business
 other than the name
 which may include the industry
 size
 products and other important information.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.

























































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











545
503


149
122













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Jan. 28
 2021
Jan. 27
 2021
Oct. 28
 2020
Jul. 29
 2020
Dec. 31
 2020
Sep. 30
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019



















Stock Redeemed or Called During Period
 Shares





174
508


303
096









Stock Redeemed or Called During Period
 Value













503
991)





































Stock Redeemed or Called During Period
 Value









996
135


063
656
























































Stock Redeemed or Called During Period
 Shares


















000
000

















635


































































Stock Redeemed or Called During Period
 Value



073






























Common Stock
 Value
 Outstanding



417
096








































































































Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.



















































































































Detail information of subsequent event by type. User is expected to use existing line items from elsewhere in the taxonomy as the primary line items for this disclosure
 which is further associated with dimension and member elements pertaining to a subsequent event.


























































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

O87!P+GAM
&ULS9+/
M2@,Q$(=?17+?G4T*6L)V+Q5/H(%Q5M(IFUP\X=D9+=O[VYLMX@^@
?
_/+-




M96UE+W1H96UE


7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%,O6
M7.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S^!7+5(UEHP$3

YV?/;$[9^







MG\#L_6@^GO'M^MDDA*^:62TC%I!+@;-!)+C\B\KP*L0)Z&1;)0G+5--E-XH2

M]+'






N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2)1(4BK 
!2$7


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%V^)4S;L:OB9@


+$CN'MB[\!4$L#!!0    (




5%Y^+!6.2/&1I7IQT%E(NW_9Z1;1@
M&2WV^9+E\
V
BXQ*N!7S7K$4C




ML-E)9^^/0]#9:#?^)P5;%U3517IIQ_5C?C^*3C*$8L99%4$!3^W;
A2U.%
M!#S^K4$[FS:5X?;U&GVD.P^=F=*#7GZ,8GEXJ1SV$QF]$RE3=\]1NK.Z0)

-W'Y&TX(A//H;


C
M5QS* 1_VC]PCOX\Q
Q+OXAI=



E[XU8%FRSC

)QL-S


)HP7PB\FX*
H=!''
2XY1
QG$:Y5!/O 48IN*JD00C664


GF?(=
X3B7/._2*&(  R!Q!8@Q-$KOM5+Z209I
MD9R5!7Q=-(\ECF-9!/I&V_U6VGZ1
3%7T?4K(



M:N^W6R[P+(

MO(^K\W@XNB&#

W/L'


![KAURH]
!KM/?


6CT/'PR/;<@&:_J\'\.
MSQK9#W]4]BT :D)\Q*AL_;K[5+IO =H](7I;IQK4.EF?#BF@EQS61UPV#S=
MG$ 9Z'

QY5+R3%\N&(V9


-^TA+EYBK)*HD'2?[]2


'S/UBFEN-!/$ 9


46]8NC

M OLJ

NP^1%$8#;W$K:-.\-#S
VP'0Y(_W0PS3)F?-<


RYX
M;6R=EM]OVC 0Q_\5*]K#)G7D)P0J0&JIJNUA&BK:]C#MP20'\9K$F6V@W5^_


%Y/AD




MD+&\_*5/52$:#NXA!Z]R\

M_(VM2Q3'[H\A*W3(KI*6L@




M2O4

M30.A#?#YBG/U
M$7@?KB-_T'4$L#!!0    ( (N+4E*IO!-C:@0  
$-   8

V#'[O7R%XA^$.2&M+
M_MTE 9KTAA78[8IVW3T4]^#8C./5MG*2TG3[ZT?9J9
ZBKN7Q))(ZOM(B:3&





MI%PJ:?)_:\!O#.B;_8P^#V

M=A+$
UA3
N#ZH&



FVH$@)CG2.VJA^06HVFKVST2/];G0!
M.XJ Z\<LC,*^PRGA=X7GS!?M21-U!9+



$%     @ BXM2

I15P&/-=<Z(E7&=-<^KXN*JBI/I,--Q92553@U.U]G6C
M@)8.5'

ME!


MPB
II=)3Q&HHS$H?O211$P1N9O\-#\='
MY,1]$F/'%Q_@NQ&%K('TN23?KY;:*'RB/XZP)SU[XMB3 ^QWJF0*XSHJ]$
M8\$M?V(1$.QC$JH&WMA;]U*2SMRM+::G_+ST7D\CC+_:9BKUV%A$=)F@9]
MX O=::\[/:K[_8@UF;FA$NM3PF^+B)?N


MP TK;-*@
M; #NKZ0TNXD]H&_[^1]02P
$%     @ BXM24M7U5CSA!   Z10  !@   !X


2]H
ML1(VK'L[UA]

!

M\3O30-/$M\/DU:!K+SU:7,K-GA!1@-UG C=V0P!J;%W3-B$/B)6;J@D2[X

MA*VXJ979!74TC1?T2Q


'
V<+ZAR[Z#J:$0]TAW9-_2*TMFJ6P_4HNGYOF+:P_+@99#=
MS/RF6CPM%BPGX$VF:)G]HQ7C?



MXQY9#CX

/9MNRJ[-M;6F!P

CNN;Y90FMKZ[JA1%O:'M('
X3L

M



*
25ETNM7FT98 R)XK



M-)Y:SJ3=,#]]8[]DZ^=:EEPU


0*1?'&.:M[J3130[HQ@F[
?L1*HC<2FOXU/#X_DDZO:VS/



@E+HHQ.1W20IIEJC8%Z[0?#0B.-
M&;\LZ4


MD9(L*4L

58KR6A6
M=2KR





2S




X\7SO(
^6=@3[DTD2V!
=M8PB)Z/G$K;IG/\+9!;49.Y_
XKZ


7B7








MN.HSW/&U1I%M8*UR;C-\%L:PD$E) /'9])I/7$?HNM?ZWU6[;@90DYMF+M

$4!QGQHO$


M^@M=W



Q

LBHOW T]
M%^^37.91(E/QB)L*YEE8\5_3F2T
#.R_#U TJ2F:

MO3Y:$6OF61V]N;M_N@F&I^)GMA;3/(8L@FGTM4QLPO*YUF9U*FYO;\5QL53B

-WPU_.-$K*4521[A66T@PA@7@AZ_EIM

HL

M7F4SB+GR?%1PG:8W6)7&L)E*Z8S*6Q%%C0[2\&AG48


Z[YH=HUCQV/#65!I*1U+GJGGYT.2/XG3-%!
M#IQ+[J$-(6D#DWRO-3S]PX?KFA[W12WT $X?)Q;F4U-1*'&%()
'TW(!^V1R







WVW$0

O\1


MJ$[








MFX9$RJZU_6S;=IP C!20%9LVOU19AEN;32)-Y PVF'36P%U IMBAW&W2@Y5)
M'*
_X=-X6N%!XSGT^

\SU02([M!;X@!L4M'9)4.A%$X0^PM*)=0LM$M
M7BIH(&8253G@&<)M9FK&KI*J+CL\Y-?NN(FJ@L5PZR#3UT N37!@9 =RF)
M<LJAGA^QY^MTJ(!D/Z^07*][_CRK*FK:H?'3GY#%0FS-([8QM%=T9 8(?$]


N2

M+\NU3/3A./P=N/[,PY[Y !!N]U'T#'&P[8% Q'3U:IH5I_7C654%5F94TUR
M[* &\5B4/G:OX'B,0QFW$FA8(8AX5
D[5+
$?CHP3.R *V_.9]TW#72MII
MNT8%51ABT1H7OQC]09$'C:@+DV$JZEO$^\S;IM2U'6]8W-+9;B$1$74+Z7X




4[BB' SO90?Z
MLU7F
#FZ5%@'[*B%KI%
!7/:R
5[

M35) H$&J\

VI4+

@=?





TD(
MLDX_*
ZQ@]GX8





C&


MXZ43S/]+

M:&8WU0=;^B0.OIP^+DPR6+AL98LTW0-L)7SJC+54B=?R#9LL91U=!T=^S0
 L8D %<U


MN*[WZYE(AP=&TL%/C:3%KQY)AT$UW^_+2KWS_JT0VB:[YX'GG'SJ*4NWSB



MO_44L=-%A=D$?
]?\$+C#2'<.7A+)ZT:T
M=8B4SZU$BG1D[LD9B)_N(X'H^X!PB<AI6.RL#1E FSGV*332:L1B(!2SHI6
MCV\'U\P@*C=R\L=CE#NJR6



2_


MIG6

ML)L[.LR;W__]]MUO= @?RZF
#I-B61(Y[4:RBAT/T'?*0P)6K0]@&_@0!
 T



A   9

:1Q9^GU_1I4UMR548 4*6






N%C^7VC%C*S]+)\X^F6 I#IT&-/KJ?!OZ9R<
M

AJ.
\A]X@CHLR=SI_%'=%JF.MK/CW8&J=0;3\YQ4&

1%3DBA
MW0J![.9KBV\,!KW%REL_*AR962:KNBY6H2[;J[$0Z[IVYA8L%#3!D=2W'X


MP[9XL(HH7UJG

MG!:V-&P0Z$:*$.=]=SR7!+)4%MT=%KBW3QSUC()B02PI#9EM?0[?H@6L421M
M


9B\^7P\OKB\O[J((6
91V


F\+'R8(*J
?



M/);:_X+GC3(%X

![6X#@I%CH6_;.. \_:TLT2FWG
M1.I+([$YI2C,W:H=-0VV:%'1D*X O9J*$*U($[A&HA%*8^LJ
&#?(VJ6C*L
M

8^H*.($*F-0&B7JHV@SA--)-EOQ &-*%EMV[*' -RT3 @WMA\Q

X4


MZ

AL-^TPH8I9(_F4YERLG











[UV102

0X&H<AF3
MB

;SQ/-$
MEFPT9OH[^4)N\! 9U8
IK6V


M?0 -!'




+Q-+PDB0N0L\'EC^(WDF'ADQQA:$]


!O *HOKECP

L[_ %!+ P04     +BU)2]S@A


4M7?8A-




M+MM\&2:.$ K
K$-@]/
3KU$(!T0T_NHQP]&E



3&HN.Q^V;'/PXG!

P:0.KP)8(9T*:^
=K5=5
/H%1
M(H=I
KE
DDF2)

M)AJJJS-BVCO%(^J

:U$_4[YD0RM*G;$'5_F/D
MTINP2C5.6



M-SE]_IP:K!M#_6.




MXWA1 XV3QL[N


MT%-GBY+(#'

MC#HWPJ'J!0#41C? V9CNR4[[O^NT;_XWF7N; XU.J;3%QZW?C0@ 07HE3N
^B 7%IG<Z,T60R;SZ+UY'?8</G1/./2#0]_'

Y-V7J#*U*\G

VG/=:


M@X;(HEEAXV;R

M*'@LYTK&\+!8H*'E%L1H'$WE:[MI*@RF6B5H; MD'JLR83BV*:F)9FVDHS5:



G=M



M-&TY_Y-X&6H1








M2!L&1J\=3C'/#1')^'7D=)J4!GAZ?F7_:&NG6C9

M3F15WC/-QD




0H'   Y$@
M&0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970Q-YX;6RU6&UOXS82_JY?0?ANBQ3P

7


MCO_EUX:'CL&'X1Z#46
_#U27S7F+/SH*IG260]I



1]/2U4*NYF
[(\

H



MH=9RQEJ4/M0Q!:8J:4-F=4G:R5'2X8@DJXFAOSA9_0^X$GNY2EJNNA.JEBMD

EHK/I!?Y'4
MALI+LZ18$BZM5/.W/\FBJ







)XXH*/RYTV]UEA$A


M7E)D)?\OUW[O!#

-_^(N;RG7+J
CM

MN5)6WJD


F)_W



M:
 VY-XXR19@?USN;(FT1WK!(7L@L6_:52&2U+4HI.2_ED/!D%-(X#VR


M;WB!;97

-2/_MB^6E8K&.Z!
M%7=H6]]I&(2^]Y<+[TKTA+?#S)WX!.NPJKJR+C062JG.N.E-D-L=NO',K+
M0LZLMPA 4(=YT)]JP0DA]3)LC#K;J+YD BI-32! DA*^5;B9Z4!GP(KU20:/
M*V68TR@FD?3DB'/(18Y0B*AIA(+F%8'''U LPG?M3!OFK,X41V5 0(.Q!79-
M-1D@3[(*59$ ,W3L$SQ$KBH+^4L=0B+0*@BA<



MU6 4$8PUB^3K(1!W/1V5M

MC_E@+=L
IH0@E-?X3*

M



#'ZPDP2TG







J[A 1
MY9U[J%IPY Y@*T\C
Y!4SPL\#7SM\S\+(+XE .(918Z-_D)C\'SD^X3:YW^X


'RQ=
MG]EDDF:E%%-;+;[/%%W8;-&%S]KKEB.'$#6#H@6U=G\?3PB%E^\N+L_$V=O?







MQFW;Q\H#L=N&7(#7@@9Y8CK@QKFA

D86[O:#_LIMH'[0.E*.V;JS
MDV0&R$BYFC=&$3R09Q#7 2HT$#S^BIRQ$ZP-N5& A?;+J1FJ +
QPH.TQ&

Q77)9FB/T+N#

M4

91U5.??:(HBP9AAAL

M*JN)G=D6E2VO7L/9#6'U\\IJL[1[Q*YPM=P7-NW)W1@O
[8:AM6= 4AK#R
M;/
.R+_+]&BO?E1D*&1LZ=KS_(I^K6I:YP:+@5D+U-ED=?\84X_M@KIF]Z

;<TB^ HDP/F#LI^AE]_IM7@ <Y_:3Y[Z



]P=#0\/MKST\3XX(H5_[)F6CA7+/GC0BL$

G!D.


M3PZ!A
_E)7=\?&;TAAF21C3Z\*%Z;71.*$K*PAE<%:CGQI\F\SOV=?+Y
M?L:N9I/%_=WL:G:]7)SU'(*32^I@2X4'P :!S*ZU<;ME

H3.^OEG.HM,N.V%

M)1BATR.OI+1Z_W^;I)%$



MIHJ*(C/PK0*5;'V8CUI6!1 +I=&/Z+I/(65'J'#5H3JG:P/]KC6N1
B[L-V:





WH_)37/OCS4]=$HZWZX$5HZEKZNTMEW/9L
GWFV%I]/01C\X5):&


_%8K:8/:'OL _RD/4=?B_(

M+&;SE^*11O&I4MF5JS?2W@EU*TTCHRI12GU@*@4F;2D0F V261]$K&04KB@:



=+_#!_








010LY(2A(]Y=17@8=!BI9&Y=F@*UTS.O







QOJTSKSA]7R



M%N\M/&YLZ5O8/E7: ZJW@)UM36XFXA5ZFT0]C'$E8PJ9S?B?.#X^S)\='M
U


M$FWR9=@2CWF
%SR B6P


TD 6;$S N)C+7L&@\4^M
B6U3$/I9NT[/GU^U5UDZ)D


-./\YSNK'_Z<-/JJ)RA\6MP97^Q652<JM3I+A5&SCSO#

MZ$[%DS;6?Y?4+_GP.
Q46C7*XM]TE
\_[ISNB$C-9!'G=]GR%^4/=$3TPBRV

MMA2&5H

@VUC(7%$H7@
MRJV01HF%VZ8BH5
19BE%N\Y?X8OY7



M
 5QH=&/18QGX951P\G%Z.N:+''466/HU9[/%A%)]LKA.2M




@D\Z!G'=0IVO@=/-?H1!HCA)SG4


M]J32[
F?T^R5-$\JE]


MLY^VFOW&1'!.D)S
)4';I)A^8Z3*D*NMU62+.Q4IAV9-!F^EWVSPDFGPIYBN



SH2N.2O


M-Z9;3CZ5

ML[A\MFX
<PZ'#3
MO&0(0D9N?!K.17GOBJL5R=RL8@UPX



IUXF^G6
M45@




M :D9!4-E-Y+G1L9WCN




Z^(=!*N;P?9H\I]^X\




M!DJ9'68YN8

MC=60C49OL

MJOBY'
!WU[))(E^=;]6R?JYX'KOI8= $
G?:X&EE^25I8ELO_QS(WW/IUDC7
M!B2 &[4I\;V@UR=96KZ%R752)A&/0J#MP1=[.^4)BSI3K


M$5@5;V;NH)SGK3/SX+;V_H[C@;KK3N
DB!''9





7Q*#Z2._3?P%02P



=2EHB1S2@4/
MXR@:A@5API]-W=E&S::R
IP)NE&@JZ(@ZFE!N3Q=^3W_?/# CKFQ!^%L6I(C
-ZMUI_@

M48/$KX#T8KB3PN0:WHN


M-WJG06!K=S@B7  3J2PH















] '3=T.J)5:5O(DMEJ27Y84[_ -0N@/972MG=Q!$T?Y71+U!+ P04
M +BU)2P41H[/D(  C)P  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

2YX





:26P'_/])S&










M=71W1CO5N/\DEB2@QSV8YX+R9]H[088 N)L N
8 3$A
E=_0 (
GE*61U#E[




M.%!9=W=JHROAG8X0?(14M;A8C2K;/*O.B5AH?=!
(G]D^WC7A6YT=QHZQ\/8

012GZR@&%H]
@8%DJM7YJAI#C






5Y9B1)55U.*5M!H


M@%JP?V3]4S4P9=R4Q$2MES#UU&V]KH%3?2BCA);T!_0%QF5N*7Q \D&BW '=
M9









MSU75MCX?


MZ4!9?[-1-4]W3_





P;WFP6L4O'
%
M_XJWRCX)C,U%).'!5%D,A+\@(26!FOZPR33: -\5NJZKY2 4P9Z:K*1LJJ
MG*^03,B68I(F:$%RRM%,_2!2XF65*_1



41_S85E*WE03V






M?.Y@^J1\#YAG-U7&@'[3P[^1=02P
$%     @ BXM24K!%47_I @  F @
)6UU]E=0R+UX[MK@TM:0)'ZT/ ]S+GS)F9

H++Y17
N=
9A0YIP_F4D0=2W'
?L@48J[EH7%D2X
M(#E3=WS]%3<!-0Q?R)DL_F%=VK9:%H2Y5#S9@+6A*;ED[QL$K$#<.L' -X&

: SSE=$684[
MOR= H&

M*3QF\496O9)5/RKK&B





M?LT2\Q0SS64&C=C[S;\. M[%N L_N*XTWMCL*&LI7RVDWD\]@*K 5&QE(P

8-*X1YDKL_
=7Q71_B^V;@R

WQ_(%.8&4]WF


#

M-JAXMKV@
U)'BN?V$&Y2TL[ZB44)+$M*US( 
\.-H&!-@I!($5.81E*'B) .


0)%31XADYIJ1:P_6#*:%)O]:PTRF
M:[*W7SJ_[6NH*ZE915ZH**$F867\Z)
9*^2P!*W;#[;@O?E@C.- MI$ ;G
MG99]' ;O9W;0FL7'%U27MT)(0PW5P*-;C%-J




%SB3H*H\


G*N_
MK


YXI^






:



*D4)5TI8Q12*NWD$;Y8W.VS

M26G$1AT^ET1LYC=9I2%[JZ;R]V8/7*4SN2*; YKOMZN]N.?5=VV'FS/S'C


M$'J]




$


=A/*

M8W2_DNM_K-&V]=+RK-K
O





MB1]DWN;
.3/D8
9;J1YTCFC@L2R$GGBY
=5'W]=QCB73/5FAH)U4JI(9FJK




MNGG00:??Q*[O\/K/X%U+K6%.$KG(4





M##JUSG^+=L4XO2-4
:FC:WPLYO^#%_1&P5D7LX-2'G8B7:
QJ-IHZ\-PWPN6


MZ[-6TE#7YH8Y-=:H[ ':3Z4T^XEUT+3JT_\ 4$L#!!0    ( (N+4E(#3S+1






MI-8[;OGUE58KIG$V2

/9!M:#=K('-WX8#5\*V&=O7[X\/;+^P]WO[Y[_^7A
MG_^X#/S):_;^W]\^?OT/Z[T3ELO4L

H91
MN=.-VRG8LY

A?Z !:-@U +H







&N8')W(*)C

M^_@4O#Q#_+!\5E 264O;UD4Z7;R;PH#Y 2I
F(+MB*C#/UP3HR+E^DCEU#:X
M[V=



Z?/'-BK4F7W\VZCJY7-Z7 9KT*

MTM*@A11UV:H.5'0S8GNX8C

2UH=6VY
MS+$$9-)B-E_+$\+TO2*W

MSXS/
.D?JO/ 23JI @9Y+:-9-Z-4F:/K.!4H5R5^..;TP@_*HNC1'-;CIBYV


MU

.

M2^/U1&.+$N
1A@7R6E&)&IP6*2=.BK=.  R2%(!#!^116L30S$MWN?(-^$&5





M'Q1EB!CZ:M]9Z9^QK[OFH1-(%Z$=9[#2;0:N!$60U=.:1BOFKMXP7U5Y K5/


MN$'U+LKU_P%02P



KXW7
&

ZQKC+?UI);GJ5:'4&[




M4E(ZX2U3Q0
  

P+GAM;+57


X%N!7 /1?@
M50#O7




M?=S5Q8\RX.5B: WC5 9)5_H'_2/] MA9X.@_]



++ 4)^^%*D.)Z_Q\C3W<H4OQX]O9G)_7-&^3'R;O)9/IX?K./G[G


X1[?6K:%%#5U)_[LQNA/-MK<]@I+VSN_+(?\A
M]O@P.VD:MO[$:4X^+T?G3!+R&8=JJ6B3R:;K93< * P6H'2-!\COQ1I%M#K
M337UY6'-L_]0\]\]YPH$*
+&HDWIG_(IOUIQ: 7_0K/[JNPK?E'DY8?3UQC:




M+GAM;
68RV[;.!1 ?X70*MV

M_?JAY!JED\G%;)BN9#Y


V5V/1KIJ6$OU

MF4





_]




'\C


ISF..X7
MXPDAY)+0LTSBU7))BF62G@8-$DCHVR!W.$ON5HM9DN7?4/*U)
6]RP9Y(_0L
MCCDF&=K@19F@98+S




7E[UZMWLA8ENWZA:2

MX

M;'



M$$




LX8_
M4
=?4$L#!!0    ( (N+4E(Y:2-U@@$  $P3   3    6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP
M97-=+GAM;
V8RT[#

C.DU



9[!V*U-G58*


Y%:AR*E3E5+#*J754P$KIT)6086L@@I9!16RBID%53(*JB055 A




4     +BU)2VBV-!Y\$



M='



M 0(4 Q0    ( (N+4E(21S[#V P  *



4     +BU)2%
@N2OD%  !I#@  &0



4


H 4  )@-


M4$L! A0#%     @ BXM24FW?OJL.   V!,  !D              (!AG4



M='

YX;6Q02P$% 












 recognized identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed
 tangible assets.,
        label: Net tangible assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNetTangibleAssets,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    ANDA_CashWithdrawnFromTrustAccountForRedemptionOfCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: CashWithdrawnFromTrustAccountForRedemptionOfCommonStock,
        negatedLabel: Cash withdrawn from Trust Account for redemption of ordinary shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashWithdrawnFromTrustAccountForRedemptionOfCommonStock,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    ANDA_CashWithdrawnFromTrustAccountForWorkingCapitalPurposes: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Cash withdrawn from Trust Account for working capital purposes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashWithdrawnFromTrustAccountForWorkingCapitalPurposes,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    ANDA_ChangeInValueOfOrdinarySharesSubjectToPossibleRedemption: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: ChangeInValueOfOrdinarySharesSubjectToPossibleRedemption,
        verboseLabel: Change in value of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ChangeInValueOfOrdinarySharesSubjectToPossibleRedemption,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    ANDA_ConsiderationPaidPercentage: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Consideration paid percentage.,
        label: Consideration paid percentage
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConsiderationPaidPercentage,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/CommitmentsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    ANDA_ConversionPricePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Conversion price per share.,
        label: Conversion price per share [Default Label],
        verboseLabel: Conversion price per share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConversionPricePerShare,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    ANDA_DisclosureInitialPublicOfferingAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Initial Public Offering
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisclosureInitialPublicOfferingAbstract,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    ANDA_DisclosurePrivateUnitsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Private Units
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisclosurePrivateUnitsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    ANDA_HolderMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Holder [Member],
        label: Holder [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: HolderMember,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    ANDA_IPOAndPrivatePlacementMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: IPO and Private Placement [Member],
        label: IPO And Private Placement [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IPOAndPrivatePlacementMember,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    ANDA_IncomeAttributableToOrdinarySharesSubjectToPossibleRedemption: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Income attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption.,
        label: Less: Income attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeAttributableToOrdinarySharesSubjectToPossibleRedemption,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedLossPerOrdinaryShareDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    ANDA_InitialClassificationOfOrdinarySharesSubjectToPossibleRedemption: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Initial classification of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InitialClassificationOfOrdinarySharesSubjectToPossibleRedemption,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    ANDA_InitialPublicOfferingDescription: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Initial public offering
 description.,
        label: Initial public offering
 description
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InitialPublicOfferingDescription,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/InitialPublicOfferingDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    ANDA_InitialPublicOfferingDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InitialPublicOfferingDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/InitialPublicOffering
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    ANDA_InitialShareholdersMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Initial Shareholders [Member],
        label: Initial Shareholders [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InitialShareholdersMember,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    ANDA_InsiderSharesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Insider Shares [Member],
        label: Insider Shares [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InsiderSharesMember,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    ANDA_LetterAgreementsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Letter Agreements [Member],
        label: Letter Agreements [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LetterAgreementsMember,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/CommitmentsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    ANDA_MaximumAmountUtilizedOnObligations: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Maximum amount to be utilized on tax obligations and working capital obligations on interest earned.,
        label: Maximum amount utilized on obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MaximumAmountUtilizedOnObligations,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    ANDA_NetIncomeLossPerOrdinarySharesBasicAndDilutedSubjectToPossibleRedemption: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Net income (loss) per ordinary share - basic and diluted subject to possible redemption.,
        label: Net income (loss) per ordinary share - basic and diluted subject to possible redemption
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetIncomeLossPerOrdinarySharesBasicAndDilutedSubjectToPossibleRedemption,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfOperationsParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    ANDA_NumberOfSharesNoLongerSubjectToForfeiture: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares
 no longer subject to forfeiture.,
        label: Number of shares
 no longer subject to forfeiture
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NumberOfSharesNoLongerSubjectToForfeiture,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    ANDA_OfferingCosts: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Offering costs.,
        label: Offering costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OfferingCosts,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    ANDA_OrdinarySharesDescription: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Ordinary shares description.,
        label: Ordinary shares description
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OrdinarySharesDescription,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    ANDA_OrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Ordinary Shares
 par value $0.0001 per share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    ANDA_PaymentsForRedemptionOfCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: PaymentsForRedemptionOfCommonStock,
        negatedLabel: Redemption of ordinary shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsForRedemptionOfCommonStock,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    ANDA_PercentageOfIssuedAndOutstandingShares: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of issued and outstanding shares.,
        label: Percentage of issued and outstanding shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PercentageOfIssuedAndOutstandingShares,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    ANDA_PrivateUnitsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: PRIVATE UNITS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PrivateUnitsDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/PrivateUnits
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    ANDA_PrivateUnitsIssuedDescription: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Private units issued
 description.,
        label: Private units issued
 description
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PrivateUnitsIssuedDescription,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/PrivateUnitsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    ANDA_PrivateUnitsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Private Units [Member],
        label: Private Units [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PrivateUnitsMember,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/PrivateUnitsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquityParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    ANDA_PromissoryNoteMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Promissory Note [Member],
        label: Promissory Note [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PromissoryNoteMember,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    ANDA_ReconciliationOfNetLossPerOrdinarySharePolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Reconciliation of Net Loss per Ordinary Share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ReconciliationOfNetLossPerOrdinarySharePolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    ANDA_RedeemableWarrantsExercisableForOrdinarySharesAtPriceOf11.50PerShareMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Redeemable warrants
 exercisable for ordinary shares at a price of $11.50 per share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RedeemableWarrantsExercisableForOrdinarySharesAtPriceOf11.50PerShareMember,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    ANDA_RedemptionSharePrice: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Redemption share price.,
        label: Redemption share price
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RedemptionSharePrice,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    ANDA_ReimbursementOfDueDiligenceExpenses: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfOperations: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Reimbursement of due diligence expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ReimbursementOfDueDiligenceExpenses,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    ANDA_RightsEachToReceiveOnetenth110OfOneOrdinaryShareMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Rights
 each to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RightsEachToReceiveOnetenth110OfOneOrdinaryShareMember,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    ANDA_SharesSubjectToPossibleRedemptionPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharesSubjectToPossibleRedemptionPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    ANDA_StockIssuedDuringThePeriodSharesChangeInValueOfOrdinarySharesSubjectToPossibleRedemptionShares: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Change in value of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
 shares.,
        label: Change in value of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
 shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringThePeriodSharesChangeInValueOfOrdinarySharesSubjectToPossibleRedemptionShares,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    ANDA_StockIssuedDuringValueChangeInValueOfOrdinarySharesSubjectToPossibleRedemption: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Change in value of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption.,
        label: Change in value of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringValueChangeInValueOfOrdinarySharesSubjectToPossibleRedemption,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    ANDA_TemporaryEquitySharesRedemption: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Ordinary shares subject to redemption.,
        label: Ordinary shares subject to redemption
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TemporaryEquitySharesRedemption,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfOperationsParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    ANDA_TransactionCosts: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Transaction costs.,
        label: Transaction costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TransactionCosts,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    ANDA_TrustAccountMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Trust Account [Member],
        label: Trust Account [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TrustAccountMember,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    ANDA_UnaffiliatedThirdPartiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Unaffiliated Third Parties [Member],
        label: Unaffiliated Third Parties [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnaffiliatedThirdPartiesMember,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/CommitmentsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    ANDA_UnderwritersMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Underwriters [Member],
        label: Underwriters [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnderwritersMember,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    ANDA_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShareOneRightAndOneRedeemableWarrantMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Units
 each consisting of one ordinary share
 one right
 and one redeemable warrant
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShareOneRightAndOneRedeemableWarrantMember,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    ANDA_WarrantAgreementMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Warrant Agreement [Member],
        label: Warrant Agreement [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WarrantAgreementMember,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    ANDA_WithdrewOfFunds: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Withdrew of funds.,
        label: Withdrew of funds
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WithdrewOfFunds,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    ANDA_WorkingCapital: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Working capital.,
        label: Working capital
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WorkingCapital,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    ANDA_WorkingCapitalDeficit: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Working capital deficit.,
        label: Working capital deficit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WorkingCapitalDeficit,
     nsuri: http://andinaacquisition.com/20201231,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    dei_AmendmentDescription: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Description of changes contained within amended document.,
        label: Amendment Description
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AmendmentDescription,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    dei_AmendmentFlag: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.,
        label: Amendment Flag
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AmendmentFlag,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_AnnualInformationForm: {
     auth_ref: [
      r235
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag with value true on a form if it is an annual report containing an annual information form.,
        label: Annual Information Form
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AnnualInformationForm,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_AuditedAnnualFinancialStatements: {
     auth_ref: [
      r235
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag with value true on a form if it is an annual report containing audited financial statements.,
        label: Audited Annual Financial Statements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AuditedAnnualFinancialStatements,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_CityAreaCode: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Area code of city,
        label: City Area Code
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CityAreaCode,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_CountryRegion: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Region code of country,
        label: Country Region
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CountryRegion,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_CoverAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cover page.
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CoverAbstract,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.,
        label: Current Fiscal Year End Date
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentFiscalYearEndDate,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: gMonthDayItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentAccountingStandard: {
     auth_ref: [
      r234
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing This can either be 'U.S. GAAP'
 'International Financial Reporting Standards'
 or 'Other'.,
        label: Document Accounting Standard
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentAccountingStandard,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: accountingStandardItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentAnnualReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r232,
      r234,
      r235
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as an annual report.,
        label: Document Annual Report
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentAnnualReport,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.,
        label: Document Fiscal Period Focus
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: fiscalPeriodItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.,
        label: Document Fiscal Year Focus
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentFiscalYearFocus,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: gYearItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.,
        label: Document Period End Date
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentPeriodEndDate,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentPeriodStartDate: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The start date of the period covered in the document
 in YYYY-MM-DD format.,
        label: Document Period Start Date
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentPeriodStartDate,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentQuarterlyReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r233
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as an quarterly report.,
        label: Document Quarterly Report
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentQuarterlyReport,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentRegistrationStatement: {
     auth_ref: [
      r241
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as a registration statement.,
        label: Document Registration Statement
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentRegistrationStatement,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentShellCompanyEventDate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r234
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Date of event requiring a shell company report.,
        label: Document Shell Company Event Date
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentShellCompanyEventDate,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentShellCompanyReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r234
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true for a Shell Company Report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.,
        label: Document Shell Company Report
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentShellCompanyReport,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentTransitionReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as a transition report.,
        label: Document Transition Report
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentTransitionReport,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentType: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.,
        label: Document Type
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentType,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: submissionTypeItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r224
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Documents incorporated by reference.,
        label: Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Address Line 1 such as Attn
 Building Name
 Street Name,
        label: Entity Address
 Address Line One
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressAddressLine1,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number,
        label: Entity Address
 Address Line Two
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressAddressLine2,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Address Line 3 such as an Office Park,
        label: Entity Address
 Address Line Three
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressAddressLine3,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the City or Town,
        label: Entity Address
 City or Town
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressCityOrTown,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressCountry: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.,
        label: Entity Address
 Country
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressCountry,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: countryCodeItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Code for the postal or zip code,
        label: Entity Address
 Postal Zip Code
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressPostalZipCode,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the state or province.,
        label: Entity Address
 State or Province
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressStateOrProvince,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: stateOrProvinceItemType
    },
    dei_EntityBankruptcyProceedingsReportingCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r227
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: For registrants involved in bankruptcy proceedings during the preceding five years
 the value Yes indicates that the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12
 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court; the value No indicates the registrant has not.  Registrants not involved in bankruptcy proceedings during the preceding five years should not report this element.,
        label: Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings
 Reporting Current
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityBankruptcyProceedingsReportingCurrent,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_EntityCentralIndexKey: {
     auth_ref: [
      r237
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.,
        label: Entity Central Index Key
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityCentralIndexKey,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: centralIndexKeyItemType
    },
    dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.,
        label: Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.,
        label: Entity Current Reporting Status
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityCurrentReportingStatus,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r237
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.,
        label: Entity Emerging Growth Company
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityEmergingGrowthCompany,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r240
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.,
        label: Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityExTransitionPeriod,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_EntityFileNumber: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits
 the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits
 the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters
 and the fields are separated with a hyphen.,
        label: Entity File Number
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityFileNumber,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: fileNumberItemType
    },
    dei_EntityFilerCategory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r237
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.,
        label: Entity Filer Category
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityFilerCategory,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: filerCategoryItemType
    },
    dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.,
        label: Entity Incorporation
 State or Country Code
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: edgarStateCountryItemType
    },
    dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r238
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).,
        label: Entity Interactive Data Current
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityInteractiveDataCurrent,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_EntityPrimarySicNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r235
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary Standard Industrial Classification (SIC) Number for the Entity.,
        label: Entity Primary SIC Number
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityPrimarySicNumber,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: sicNumberItemType
    },
    dei_EntityPublicFloat: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.,
        label: Entity Public Float
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityPublicFloat,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    dei_EntityRegistrantName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r237
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.,
        label: Entity Registrant Name
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityRegistrantName,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityShellCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r237
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.,
        label: Entity Shell Company
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityShellCompany,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_EntitySmallBusiness: {
     auth_ref: [
      r237
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates that the company is a Smaller Reporting Company (SRC).,
        label: Entity Small Business
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntitySmallBusiness,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r237
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The Tax Identification Number (TIN)
 also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN)
 is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.,
        label: Entity Tax Identification Number
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityTaxIdentificationNumber,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: employerIdItemType
    },
    dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.,
        label: Entity Voluntary Filers
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityVoluntaryFilers,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.,
        label: Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_Extension: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Extension number for local phone number.,
        label: Extension
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Extension,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_IcfrAuditorAttestationFlag: {
     auth_ref: [
      r232,
      r234,
      r235
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: ICFR Auditor Attestation Flag
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IcfrAuditorAttestationFlag,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_LocalPhoneNumber: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Local phone number for entity.,
        label: Local Phone Number
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LocalPhoneNumber,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_NoTradingSymbolFlag: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a security having no trading symbol.,
        label: No Trading Symbol Flag
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NoTradingSymbolFlag,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_OtherReportingStandardItemNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r234
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: \Item 17\ or \Item 18\ specified when the basis of accounting is neither US GAAP nor IFRS.,
        label: Other Reporting Standard Item Number
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherReportingStandardItemNumber,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: otherReportingStandardItemNumberItemType
    },
    dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer: {
     auth_ref: [
      r228
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.,
        label: Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer: {
     auth_ref: [
      r229
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.,
        label: Pre-commencement Tender Offer
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreCommencementTenderOffer,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_Security12bTitle: {
     auth_ref: [
      r223
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Title of a 12(b) registered security.,
        label: Title of 12(b) Security
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Security12bTitle,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: securityTitleItemType
    },
    dei_Security12gTitle: {
     auth_ref: [
      r226
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Title of a 12(g) registered security.,
        label: Title of 12(g) Security
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Security12gTitle,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: securityTitleItemType
    },
    dei_SecurityExchangeName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r225
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.,
        label: Security Exchange Name
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SecurityExchangeName,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: edgarExchangeCodeItemType
    },
    dei_SecurityReportingObligation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r230
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: 15(d)
 indicating whether the security has a reporting obligation under that section of the Exchange Act.,
        label: Security Reporting Obligation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SecurityReportingObligation,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: securityReportingObligationItemType
    },
    dei_SolicitingMaterial: {
     auth_ref: [
      r231
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.,
        label: Soliciting Material
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SolicitingMaterial,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_TradingSymbol: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.,
        label: Trading Symbol
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TradingSymbol,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: tradingSymbolItemType
    },
    dei_WrittenCommunications: {
     auth_ref: [
      r239
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.,
        label: Written Communications
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WrittenCommunications,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    srt_DirectorMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r97
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Director [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DirectorMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/CommitmentsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_MaximumMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r120,
      r121,
      r175,
      r176,
      r177,
      r178,
      r179,
      r180,
      r181,
      r212,
      r214
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Maximum [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MaximumMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/CommitmentsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_MinimumMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r120,
      r121,
      r175,
      r176,
      r177,
      r178,
      r179,
      r180,
      r181,
      r212,
      r214
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Minimum [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MinimumMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/CommitmentsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_ProductOrServiceAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96,
      r116,
      r117,
      r182,
      r211,
      r213
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Product and Service [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProductOrServiceAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_ProductsAndServicesDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96,
      r116,
      r117,
      r182,
      r211,
      r213
     ],
     localname: ProductsAndServicesDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_RangeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r118,
      r120,
      r121,
      r175,
      r176,
      r177,
      r178,
      r179,
      r180,
      r181,
      r212,
      r214
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statistical Measurement [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RangeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/CommitmentsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_RangeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r118,
      r120,
      r121,
      r175,
      r176,
      r177,
      r178,
      r179,
      r180,
      r181,
      r212,
      r214
     ],
     localname: RangeMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/CommitmentsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r97,
      r168
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Title of Individual [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TitleOfIndividualAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     localname: TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Accounting Policies [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountingPoliciesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.,
        label: Current liabilities \u2013 Accounts payable and accrued expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital: {
     auth_ref: [
      r11,
      r129
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.,
        label: Additional paid-in capital
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapital,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55,
      r56,
      r57,
      r126,
      r127,
      r128
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders.,
        label: Additional Paid-in Capital [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ArrangementsAndNonarrangementTransactionsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Collaborative arrangement and arrangement other than collaborative applicable to revenue-generating activity or operations.
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ArrangementsAndNonarrangementTransactionsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/CommitmentsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_Assets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r50,
      r89,
      r91,
      r94,
      r99,
      r146,
      r147,
      r154,
      r195,
      r206
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.,
        label: Assets,
        totalLabel: Total Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Assets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: ASSETS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2,
      r3,
      r25,
      r50,
      r99,
      r146,
      r147,
      r154
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.,
        label: Assets
 Current,
        totalLabel: Total Current Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Current Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsCurrentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsHeldInTrustNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of cash
 securities
 or other assets held by a third-party trustee pursuant to the terms of an agreement which assets are available to be used by beneficiaries to that agreement only within the specific terms thereof and which agreement is expected to terminate more than one year from the balance sheet date (or operating cycle
 if longer) at which time the assets held-in-trust will be released or forfeited.,
        label: Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account,
        verboseLabel: Marketable securities held in Trust Account
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsHeldInTrustNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).,
        label: Basis of Presentation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionDescriptionOfAcquiredEntity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r138
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: With respect to a business combination completed during the period
 this element provides a description of the business
 other than the name
 which may include the industry
 size
 products and other important information.,
        label: Initial business combination
 description,
        verboseLabel: Equity voting rights description
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionDescriptionOfAcquiredEntity,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r140,
      r141,
      r143
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.,
        label: Total consideration amount
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139,
      r142,
      r144
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liability recognized arising from contingent consideration in a business combination.,
        label: Business combination contingent consideration liability
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/CommitmentsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_Cash: {
     auth_ref: [
      r18,
      r220,
      r221
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.,
        label: Cash
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Cash,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r4,
      r43,
      r47
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.,
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r38,
      r42,
      r46
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including
 but not limited to
 disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.,
        label: Cash
 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Including Disposal Group and Discontinued Operations,
        periodEndLabel: Cash \u2013 Ending,
        periodStartLabel: Cash \u2013 Beginning
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect: {
     auth_ref: [
      r38,
      r155
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.,
        label: Cash
 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)
 Including Exchange Rate Effect,
        totalLabel: Net Change in Cash
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r18
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.,
        label: Cash equivalents
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashFDICInsuredAmount: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of cash deposited in financial institutions as of the balance sheet date that is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.,
        label: Federal depository insurance coverage
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashFDICInsuredAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ClassOfStockDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r48,
      r50,
      r67,
      r68,
      r69,
      r71,
      r73,
      r77,
      r78,
      r79,
      r99,
      r154
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share of stock differentiated by the voting rights the holder receives. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 common stock
 redeemable preferred stock
 nonredeemable preferred stock
 and convertible stock.
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ClassOfStockDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Exercise price per share or per unit of warrants or rights outstanding.,
        label: Warrant exercise price
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/InitialPublicOfferingDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.,
        label: Class of Warrant or Right
 Number of Securities Called by Warrants or Rights
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CollaborativeArrangementsAndNoncollaborativeArrangementTransactionsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Collaborative Arrangement and Arrangement Other than Collaborative [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CollaborativeArrangementsAndNoncollaborativeArrangementTransactionsLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies: {
     auth_ref: [
      r23,
      r102,
      r199,
      r209
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.,
        label: Commitments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingencies,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommitmentsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r101
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for significant arrangements with third parties
 which includes operating lease arrangements and arrangements in which the entity has agreed to expend funds to procure goods or services
 or has agreed to commit resources to supply goods or services
 and operating lease arrangements. Descriptions may include identification of the specific goods and services
 period of time covered
 minimum quantities and amounts
 and cancellation rights.,
        label: COMMITMENTS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommitmentsDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Commitments
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55,
      r56
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock that is subordinate to all other stock of the issuer.,
        label: Common Stock [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r10
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of common stock.,
        label: Ordinary shares
 par value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r10
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.,
        label: Ordinary shares
 shares authorized
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockSharesAuthorized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r10
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.,
        label: Ordinary shares
 shares issued,
        verboseLabel: Ordinary shares
 issued
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockSharesIssued,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r10,
      r112
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation.,
        label: Ordinary shares
 shares outstanding,
        verboseLabel: Ordinary shares
 outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockSharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r10
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.,
        label: Ordinary shares
 $0.0001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized; 3
650
004 and 3
550
450 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 767
392 and 10
344
550 shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockValueOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r10
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value of all classes of common stock held by shareholders. May be all or portion of the number of common shares authorized. These shares exclude common shares repurchased by the entity and held as treasury shares.,
        label: Common Stock
 Value
 Outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockValueOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk: {
     auth_ref: [
      r82,
      r204
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for credit risk.,
        label: Concentration of Credit Risk
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44,
      r45
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The value of the financial instrument(s) that the original debt is being converted into in a noncash (or part noncash) transaction. \Part noncash\ refers to that portion of the transaction not resulting in cash receipts or cash payments in the period.,
        label: Debt converted amount
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5,
      r6,
      r7,
      r196,
      r197,
      r205
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of debt instrument
 including
 but not limited to
 draws against credit facilities.,
        label: Debt Instrument [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r111
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The price per share of the conversion feature embedded in the debt instrument.,
        label: Conversion price per share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPrice1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The name for the particular debt instrument or borrowing that distinguishes it from other debt instruments or borrowings
 including draws against credit facilities.
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DepositsAssetsNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r19
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value of amounts transferred to third parties for security purposes that are expected to be returned or applied towards payment after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Deposits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DepositsAssetsNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [
      r72
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income or loss for the period per each share in instances when basic and diluted earnings per share are the same amount and reported as a single line item on the face of the financial statements.  Basic earnings per share is the amount of net income or loss for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.  Diluted earnings per share includes the amount of net income or loss for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.,
        label: Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedLossPerOrdinaryShareDetails,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47,
      r74,
      r75
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.,
        label: Net Loss per Ordinary Share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityComponentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55,
      r56,
      r57,
      r59,
      r64,
      r66,
      r76,
      r100,
      r112,
      r114,
      r126,
      r127,
      r128,
      r136,
      r137,
      r156,
      r157,
      r158,
      r159,
      r160,
      r161,
      r215,
      r216,
      r217
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components of equity are the parts of the total Equity balance including that which is allocated to common
 preferred
 treasury stock
 retained earnings
 etc.
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityComponentDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/InitialPublicOfferingDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquity,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ExpenseRelatedToDistributionOrServicingAndUnderwritingFees: {
     auth_ref: [
      r202
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Expense related to distribution
 servicing and underwriting fees.,
        label: Underwriting fees
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ExpenseRelatedToDistributionOrServicingAndUnderwritingFees,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r149,
      r150
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of assets
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 by class that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).,
        label: Schedule of Fair Value Assets Measured on Recurring Basis
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/FairValueMeasurementsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Fair Value Disclosures [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueDisclosuresAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r151
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.,
        label: FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/FairValueMeasurements
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47,
      r152,
      r153
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for determining the fair value of financial instruments.,
        label: Fair Value of Financial Instruments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IPOMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: First sale of stock by a private company to the public.,
        label: IPO [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IPOMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/InitialPublicOfferingDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Income Statement [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeStatementAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r28,
      r47,
      r130,
      r131,
      r132,
      r133,
      r134,
      r135,
      r222
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.,
        label: Income Taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r40
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amounts payable to vendors for goods and services received and the amount of obligations and expenses incurred but not paid.,
        label: Accounts payable and accrued expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r40
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Prepaid Expense and Other Assets,
        negatedLabel: Prepaid expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InterestAndOtherIncome: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of interest income and other income recognized during the period. Included in this element is interest derived from investments in debt securities
 cash and cash equivalents
 and other investments which reflect the time value of money or transactions in which the payments are for the use or forbearance of money and other income from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).,
        label: Interest and Other Income,
        negatedLabel: Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InterestAndOtherIncome,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r31,
      r88
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfOperations: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accretion (amortization) of purchase discount (premium) of interest income on nonoperating securities.,
        label: Interest income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InvestmentIncomeInterest,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r15,
      r50,
      r99,
      r154,
      r198,
      r208
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.,
        label: Liabilities and Equity,
        totalLabel: Total Liabilities and Shareholders\u2019 Equity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS\u2019 EQUITY
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Loss Contingencies [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LossContingenciesLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/CommitmentsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LossContingenciesTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r102,
      r103,
      r104,
      r105,
      r106,
      r107,
      r108,
      r109,
      r110
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Discloses the specific components (such as the nature
 name
 and date) of the loss contingency and gives an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss
 or states that a reasonable estimate cannot be made. Excludes environmental contingencies
 warranties and unconditional purchase obligations.,
        label: Loss Contingencies [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LossContingenciesTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/CommitmentsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MarketableSecurities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r200
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of investment in marketable security.,
        label: Marketable securities held in Trust Account
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MarketableSecurities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MarketableSecuritiesPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r203
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for investment classified as marketable security.,
        label: Cash and Marketable Securities Held in Trust Account
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MarketableSecuritiesPolicy,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MarketableSecuritiesUnrealizedGainLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r30
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      },
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfOperations: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of unrealized gain (loss) on investment in marketable security.,
        label: Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account,
        negatedLabel: Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MarketableSecuritiesUnrealizedGainLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r38
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.,
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities,
        totalLabel: Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r38
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.,
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities,
        totalLabel: Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r38,
      r39,
      r41
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.,
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities,
        totalLabel: Net cash used in operating activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r0,
      r26,
      r27,
      r29,
      r41,
      r50,
      r58,
      r60,
      r61,
      r62,
      r63,
      r65,
      r66,
      r70,
      r89,
      r90,
      r92,
      r93,
      r95,
      r99,
      r154,
      r201,
      r210
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfOperations: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.,
        label: Net income (loss),
        totalLabel: Net (loss) income,
        verboseLabel: Net (loss) income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetIncomeLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedLossPerOrdinaryShareDetails,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquity,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: New Accounting Pronouncements or Change in Accounting Principle [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.,
        label: Recent Accounting Standards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r32
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfOperations: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).,
        label: Other income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NonoperatingIncomeExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Other income:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesClassifiedCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20,
      r53,
      r167
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Notes Payable
 Related Parties
 Current,
        verboseLabel: Advance from related party
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NotesPayableRelatedPartiesClassifiedCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingCostsAndExpenses: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfOperations: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Excludes Selling
 General and Administrative Expense.,
        label: Operating costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingCostsAndExpenses,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89,
      r90,
      r92,
      r93,
      r95
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfOperations: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues.,
        label: Operating Income (Loss),
        totalLabel: Loss from operations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingIncomeLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r1,
      r148
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for organization
 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.,
        label: ORGANIZATION AND PLAN OF BUSINESS OPERATIONS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperations
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Right given to the underwriter to sell additional shares over the initial allotment.,
        label: Over-Allotment Option [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OverAllotmentOptionMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/InitialPublicOfferingDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r37
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow for cost incurred directly with the issuance of an equity security.,
        label: Payments of Stock Issuance Costs,
        negatedLabel: Payment of offering costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r33
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the purchase of all investments (debt
 security
 other) during the period.,
        label: Payments to Acquire Investments,
        negatedLabel: Investment of cash in Trust Account
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsToAcquireInvestments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r9
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer.,
        label: Preferred shares
 par value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r9
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.,
        label: Preferred shares
 shares authorized
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockSharesAuthorized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r9
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.,
        label: Preferred shares
 shares issued
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockSharesIssued,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r9
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate share number for all nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) held by stockholders. Does not include preferred shares that have been repurchased.,
        label: Preferred shares
 shares outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockSharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r9
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.,
        label: Preferred shares
 $0.0001 par value; 1
000
000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2,
      r16,
      r17
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Prepaid expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A private placement is a direct offering of securities to a limited number of sophisticated investors such as insurance companies
 pension funds
 mezzanine funds
 stock funds and trusts.,
        label: Private Placement [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PrivatePlacementMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering: {
     auth_ref: [
      r34
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow associated with the amount received from entity's first offering of stock to the public.,
        label: Proceeds from issuance initial public offering
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r34
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from the additional capital contribution to the entity.,
        label: Proceeds from sale of Units
 net of underwriting discounts paid
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPrivatePlacement: {
     auth_ref: [
      r34
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow associated with the amount received from entity's raising of capital via private rather than public placement.,
        label: Proceeds from sale of Private Units,
        verboseLabel: Proceeds from private units
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPrivatePlacement,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/PrivateUnitsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r35
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.,
        label: Advance from related party
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r119,
      r165,
      r166
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Related parties include affiliates; other entities for which investments are accounted for by the equity method by the entity; trusts for benefit of employees; and principal owners
 management
 and members of immediate families. It also may include other parties with which the entity may control or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/CommitmentsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Related Party Transaction [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Related Party Transactions [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r119,
      r165,
      r169,
      r183,
      r184,
      r185,
      r186,
      r187,
      r188,
      r189,
      r190,
      r191,
      r192,
      r193,
      r194
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of related party. Related parties include
 but not limited to
 affiliates; other entities for which investments are accounted for by the equity method by the entity; trusts for benefit of employees; and principal owners
 management
 and members of immediate families. It also may include other parties with which the entity may control or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.,
        label: Related Party [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/CommitmentsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r163,
      r164,
      r166,
      r170,
      r171
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners; and (d) affiliates.,
        label: RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactions
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r36
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow for a borrowing supported by a written promise to pay an obligation.,
        label: Repayments of Notes Payable,
        negatedLabel: Repayment of promissory note \u2013 related party
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RepaymentsOfNotesPayable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r36
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.,
        label: Repayment of advances from related party,
        negatedLabel: Repayment of advances from related party
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r12,
      r114,
      r129,
      r207,
      r218,
      r219
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.,
        label: Retained earnings
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55,
      r56,
      r57,
      r59,
      r64,
      r66,
      r100,
      r126,
      r127,
      r128,
      r136,
      r137,
      r215,
      r217
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.,
        label: Retained Earnings [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetainedEarningsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SaleOfStockConsiderationReceivedOnTransaction: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cash received on stock transaction after deduction of issuance costs.,
        label: Purchase price of shares sold
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SaleOfStockConsiderationReceivedOnTransaction,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SaleOfStockNameOfTransactionDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sale of the entity's stock
 including
 but not limited to
 initial public offering (IPO) and private placement.
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SaleOfStockNameOfTransactionDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/InitialPublicOfferingDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/PrivateUnitsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquityParenthetical,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares issued or sold by the subsidiary or equity method investee per stock transaction.,
        label: Sale of stock units,
        verboseLabel: Number of ordinary shares sold
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/PrivateUnitsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquityParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per share amount received by subsidiary or equity investee for each share of common stock issued or sold in the stock transaction.,
        label: Sale of unit price per shares,
        verboseLabel: Sale of unit price per share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SaleOfStockPricePerShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/PrivateUnitsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfCapitalizationEquityLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Schedule of Capitalization
 Equity [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfCapitalizationEquityLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfCollaborativeArrangementsAndNoncollaborativeArrangementTransactionsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r145
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about collaborative arrangement and arrangement other than collaborative applicable to revenue-generating activity or operations.,
        label: Collaborative Arrangement and Arrangement Other than Collaborative [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfCollaborativeArrangementsAndNoncollaborativeArrangementTransactionsTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r73
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.,
        label: Schedule of Basic and Diluted Loss Per Ordinary Share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r51,
      r167,
      r169
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of quantitative and qualitative information pertaining to related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners; and (d) affiliates.,
        label: Schedule of Related Party Transactions
 by Related Party [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r123
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan.,
        label: Number of option shares forfeited
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesPurchasedForAward: {
     auth_ref: [
      r122,
      r125
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares purchased for issuance under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Number of option shares purchased
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesPurchasedForAward,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per share or per unit amount of equity securities issued.,
        label: Shares issued price per share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharesIssuedPricePerShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/InitialPublicOfferingDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued which are neither cancelled nor held in the treasury.,
        label: Shares
 Outstanding,
        periodEndLabel: Balance
 shares,
        periodStartLabel: Balance
 shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r54
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.,
        label: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r8,
      r9,
      r10,
      r48,
      r50,
      r67,
      r68,
      r69,
      r71,
      r73,
      r77,
      r78,
      r79,
      r99,
      r112,
      r154
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by the different classes of stock of the entity.,
        label: Class of Stock [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementClassOfStockAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r24,
      r55,
      r56,
      r57,
      r59,
      r64,
      r66,
      r76,
      r100,
      r112,
      r114,
      r126,
      r127,
      r128,
      r136,
      r137,
      r156,
      r157,
      r158,
      r159,
      r160,
      r161,
      r215,
      r216,
      r217
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by component of equity.,
        label: Equity Components [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementEquityComponentsAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/InitialPublicOfferingDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquity,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Statement [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     localname: StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55,
      r56,
      r57,
      r76,
      r182
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule reflecting a Statement of Income
 Statement of Cash Flows
 Statement of Financial Position
 Statement of Shareholders' Equity and Other Comprehensive Income
 or other statement as needed.,
        label: Statement [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/Cover,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquity,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues: {
     auth_ref: [
      r9,
      r10,
      r112,
      r114
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of new stock issued during the period.,
        label: Sale of 395
000 Private Units
 shares,
        verboseLabel: Number of units issued
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/InitialPublicOfferingDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesOther: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of stock issued attributable to transactions classified as other.,
        label: Sale of 10
800
000 Units
 net of underwriting discounts
 shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesOther,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationForfeited: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares (or other type of equity) forfeited during the period.,
        label: Forfeiture of Founder Shares
 shares,
        verboseLabel: Number of shares subject to forfeiture
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationForfeited,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues: {
     auth_ref: [
      r9,
      r10,
      r112,
      r114
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equity impact of the value of new stock issued during the period. Includes shares issued in an initial public offering or a secondary public offering.,
        label: Sale of 395
000 Private Units
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueOther: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value of shares of stock issued attributable to transactions classified as other.,
        label: Sale of 10
800
000 Units
 net of underwriting discounts
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueOther,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensationForfeited: {
     auth_ref: [
      r124
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value of forfeited shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).,
        label: Forfeiture of Founder Shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensationForfeited,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodShares: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of stock bought back by the entity at the exercise price or redemption price.,
        label: Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
 shares,
        terseLabel: Stock Redeemed or Called During Period
 Shares,
        verboseLabel: Stock redeemed or called during period
 shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodShares,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquity,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equity impact of the value of stock bought back by the entity at the exercise price or redemption price.,
        label: Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption,
        terseLabel: Stock Redeemed or Called During Period
 Value,
        verboseLabel: Stock redeemed or called during period
 value
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquity,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r10,
      r13,
      r14,
      r50,
      r98,
      r99,
      r154
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.,
        label: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent,
        periodEndLabel: Balance \u2013 December 31
 2020,
        periodStartLabel: Balance \u2013 January 1
 2020,
        totalLabel: Total Shareholders\u2019 Equity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockholdersEquity,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Shareholders\u2019 Equity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockholdersEquityAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r49,
      r114,
      r115
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.,
        label: SHAREHOLDERS\u2019 EQUITY
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquity
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Detail information of subsequent event by type. User is expected to use existing line items from elsewhere in the taxonomy as the primary line items for this disclosure
 which is further associated with dimension and member elements pertaining to a subsequent event.,
        label: Subsequent Event [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsequentEventLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r162,
      r173
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identifies event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.,
        label: Subsequent Event [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsequentEventMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r162,
      r173
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Discloses pertinent information about one or more significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued.,
        label: Subsequent Event [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsequentEventTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r162,
      r173
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.,
        label: Subsequent Event Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsequentEventTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r162,
      r173
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsequentEventTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Subsequent Events [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsequentEventsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r172,
      r174
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.,
        label: SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsequentEventsTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SubsequentEvents
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsidiaryOrEquityMethodInvesteeSaleOfStockBySubsidiaryOrEquityInvesteeTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Different names of stock transactions and the different attributes of each transaction.,
        label: Subsidiary or Equity Method Investee
 Sale of Stock by Subsidiary or Equity Investee [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsidiaryOrEquityMethodInvesteeSaleOfStockBySubsidiaryOrEquityInvesteeTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/InitialPublicOfferingDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/PrivateUnitsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquityParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of sale of the entity's stock.,
        label: Sale of Stock [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/InitialPublicOfferingDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/PrivateUnitsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquityParenthetical,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Subsidiary
 Sale of Stock [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsidiarySaleOfStockLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/InitialPublicOfferingDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/PrivateUnitsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfChangesInShareholdersEquityParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount
 attributable to parent
 of an entity's issued and outstanding stock which is not included within permanent equity. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer
 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. Includes stock with a put option held by an ESOP and stock redeemable by a holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.,
        label: Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
 767
392 and 10
344
550 shares at redemption value at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/BalanceSheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r145
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by collaborative arrangement and arrangement other than collaborative applicable to revenue-generating activity or operations.,
        label: Collaborative Arrangement and Arrangement Other than Collaborative [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TypeOfArrangementAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/CommitmentsDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ShareholdersEquityDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UseOfEstimates: {
     auth_ref: [
      r80,
      r81,
      r83,
      r84,
      r85,
      r86,
      r87
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.,
        label: Use of Estimates
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UseOfEstimates,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_WarrantMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Security that gives the holder the right to purchase shares of stock in accordance with the terms of the instrument
 usually upon payment of a specified amount.,
        label: Warrant [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WarrantMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/InitialPublicOfferingDetailsNarrative,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesDetailsNarrative
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS).,
        label: Weighted average shares outstanding
 basic and diluted
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/ScheduleOfBasicAndDilutedLossPerOrdinaryShareDetails,
      http://andinaacquisition.com/role/StatementsOfOperations
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
   },
   unitCount: 4
  }
 },
 std_ref: {
  r0: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721683-107760
  },
  r1: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122149
  },
  r10: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(29)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r100: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121646688&loc=SL121648383-210437
  },
  r101: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 440,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144648
  },
  r102: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 450,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14326-108349
  },
  r103: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 450,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14615-108349
  },
  r104: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 450,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14394-108349
  },
  r105: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 450,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14435-108349
  },
  r106: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 450,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14453-108349
  },
  r107: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 450,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14472-108349
  },
  r108: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 450,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14557-108349
  },
  r109: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 460,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121555522&loc=d3e12021-110248
  },
  r11: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(1)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r110: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 460,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121555522&loc=d3e12053-110248
  },
  r111: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120520924&loc=SL6031898-161870
  },
  r112: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21463-112644
  },
  r113: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21475-112644
  },
  r114: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3-04),
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120397183&loc=d3e187085-122770
  },
  r115: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208762
  },
  r116: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121604090&loc=SL49130545-203045
  },
  r117: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 91,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121551570&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  },
  r118: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(i),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r119: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (n),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r12: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(3)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r120: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 80,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450657-114947
  },
  r121: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 80,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35742348&loc=SL14450788-114948
  },
  r122: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5047-113901
  },
  r123: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(3),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r124: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: c(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r125: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r126: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  },
  r127: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  },
  r128: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  },
  r129: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (g)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  },
  r13: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r130: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120406818&loc=d3e32247-109318
  },
  r131: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120406818&loc=d3e32280-109318
  },
  r132: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32809-109319
  },
  r133: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 19,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32840-109319
  },
  r134: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32847-109319
  },
  r135: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  },
  r136: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d)(2),
   Topic: 740
  },
  r137: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d)(3),
   Topic: 740
  },
  r138: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1392-128463
  },
  r139: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 25,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6911189&loc=d3e6408-128476
  },
  r14: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(31)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r140: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 30,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116859721&loc=d3e6578-128477
  },
  r141: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 30,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116859721&loc=d3e6613-128477
  },
  r142: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 35,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116859824&loc=d3e6819-128478
  },
  r143: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120321790&loc=d3e6927-128479
  },
  r144: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1),
   Topic: 805,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120321790&loc=d3e6927-128479
  },
  r145: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 808,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6931272&loc=SL5834143-161434
  },
  r146: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116870748&loc=SL6758485-165988
  },
  r147: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (bb),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121559654&loc=d3e5710-111685
  },
  r148: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2197479
  },
  r149: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  },
  r15: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(32)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r150: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  },
  r151: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  },
  r152: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 60,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7493716&loc=d3e21868-110260
  },
  r153: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121572278&loc=d3e13279-108611
  },
  r154: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=75031198&loc=d3e14064-108612
  },
  r155: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 230,
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513438&loc=d3e33268-110906
  },
  r156: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32136-110900
  },
  r157: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  },
  r158: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  },
  r159: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  },
  r16: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(7)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r160: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  },
  r161: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450520&loc=d3e32583-110901
  },
  r162: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450520&loc=d3e32618-110901
  },
  r163: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  },
  r164: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  },
  r165: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  },
  r166: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  },
  r167: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  },
  r168: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39599-107864
  },
  r169: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39603-107864
  },
  r17: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(8)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r170: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39691-107864
  },
  r171: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122745
  },
  r172: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 855,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6842918&loc=SL6314017-165662
  },
  r173: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 855,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6842918&loc=SL6314017-165662
  },
  r174: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 855,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122774
  },
  r175: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719
  },
  r176: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719
  },
  r177: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c)(3),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719
  },
  r178: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(1),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719
  },
  r179: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(2),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719
  },
  r18: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.1),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r180: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(3),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719
  },
  r181: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 910,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119991564&loc=SL119991595-234733
  },
  r182: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 11.L),
   Topic: 924,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6472922&loc=d3e499488-122856
  },
  r183: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e61929-109447
  },
  r184: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e61929-109447
  },
  r185: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62059-109447
  },
  r186: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62059-109447
  },
  r187: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62395-109447
  },
  r188: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62395-109447
  },
  r189: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 33,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62479-109447
  },
  r19: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.17),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r190: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 33,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e62479-109447
  },
  r191: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 35A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=SL6807758-109447
  },
  r192: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 35A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=SL6807758-109447
  },
  r193: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e61872-109447
  },
  r194: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68064819&loc=d3e61872-109447
  },
  r195: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(11)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r196: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(13)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r197: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(16)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r198: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(23)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r199: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03.17),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r2: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r20: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(a)(5)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r200: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03.4),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r201: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(22)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r202: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04.14),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r203: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120252992&loc=d3e62652-112803
  },
  r204: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 825,
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=108315417&loc=d3e61044-112788
  },
  r205: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(16)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r206: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(12)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r207: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(4)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r208: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(25)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r209: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r21: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19
20),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r210: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(18)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r211: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4H,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116884468&loc=SL65671331-158438
  },
  r212: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121643868&loc=SL117782755-158439
  },
  r213: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13H,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121639165&loc=SL117783719-158441
  },
  r214: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 29F,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121639165&loc=SL117819544-158441
  },
  r215: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r216: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (f)(1),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r217: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r218: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)(i),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r219: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (h)(2),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r22: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r220: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118262064&loc=SL116631418-115840
  },
  r221: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 21,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118262064&loc=SL116631419-115840
  },
  r222: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 740,
   Topic: 954,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491622&loc=d3e9504-115650
  },
  r223: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: b
  },
  r224: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: b-23
  },
  r225: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: d1-1
  },
  r226: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: g
  },
  r227: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12
 13
 15d
  },
  r228: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 13e,
   Subsection: 4c
  },
  r229: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 14d,
   Subsection: 2b
  },
  r23: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.25),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r230: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 15,
   Subsection: d
  },
  r231: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 14a,
   Subsection: 12
  },
  r232: {
   Name: Form 10-K,
   Number: 249,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 310
  },
  r233: {
   Name: Form 10-Q,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 308,
   Subsection: a
  },
  r234: {
   Name: Form 20-F,
   Number: 249,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 220,
   Subsection: f
  },
  r235: {
   Name: Form 40-F,
   Number: 249,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 240,
   Subsection: f
  },
  r236: {
   Name: Forms 10-K
 10-Q

YXP\ND+I;W?W3H]62[)N?GQP;/1 N*'-O*_63TPHB

ML3





W






MMA@9D()\



]/==
MO:4WM.X0:8V&

ML(E&X.I7WIO[!)0C%D0K\GG(L2NPN;(LY-86._P\Z?!^LPW^ANE?ZP^_H&%?
MZPZTQG'6KS68XU#IARY1=F]94.SC'Y
^;AB=CC[L-+NOO4OG;N\VW
G5+U)+
SW



M*7

IG9^!12%
.2REC$
IU'

IF
1

/)KNS#9QN--30868G]'


A
M@%?I8V-BN1V/ #?^W0ZDYIKJ8_$(J#:V:?5%3IR@YQQNHYI++QMK)3B=2V
M5?%M17)/+3+J.? U+#Z464-_C;2\X)RJ@H(U



M1Y\-)#._ZD)XQ+KWU-F;O\$
'L#KKO\%=EXQPTMX;N=2_W_\-YR1GJ]78-:V








COE
M5.\YQ(SW[](#8=\#X*86W&2&C_\%4$L#!!0    ( (N+4E*? ) /OPH  $!T
M   5    86YD82TR
#(P
3(S


$..8DMM&^^*R 1QJ(W)XVUC.FYJXXYA- !W(;&A
M0PFZ;1#:^.W?O_P#B%^?_]EL@AY&CGT#NM1J&F1./X$!7*(;<(\(8ME[!/X




MK]L7+]QNA

('0^LO#'$L\DKF6;-7J4#$N!61?

M.0&-($/$72 76] IAY1\L10Y;12]$-'\Z'*QD(Q


M$P

M9EG4(ZXH8D;4P19&^6XOI.7$)AA$/(#.R)N);H;S.6*BSSS$F4(G!CAB^$D
MRZGH

=$CNC!%G/874\8)!Q:2@
U3^[$
$6=N\2N/Y?SRYA8TU-/












9O(ZH

)$)-^
85QLTMG@[E


(T_!J/S1




N[':<*4%QX':ZMI8:I YU%FUX;FWRG[+M^R;<X@CCRVHNFO
MM0Y55M,B]40D9[OP9\D_/4P@L8[+/XDZ*CV!3RV$;Y)
SCWY+F*O&@61NE\

D=TYS21WGS%.:60^5-7^*'H7FO#8S_:A-C
M.  B\8!17QN 80_<3<?&0!^/P7DF_['XU+.516[/7K7N/;EOG'CZ<.#9GZ3
MYHR-^X'1

P3T8#?M&Q]!+

3&T/AA-
M[P1@85!/-P7^


M4E+QU?2KL1\  *CP 0 5    86YD82TR
#(P
3(S

V
[WS_S?^XM#QE,6Z[W^<7#7XX2S3Z_?4/H_.3\]/3LY/]N
MKL?3![2PCK'+M39%1\M2O!91N;-/GSZ=A+\N23.4+_?46;;Q]F3)SJIF]JOM
MKPHDB=^=1#\F2;&DZ@33'O[LA9)<DZGEA_:1RY$!4O_CI=DQ_RKX[/SX[=G
M;UX\^VB)4ZAL2APT0C.#_Y_AO&J562!V+6OZ9X ]S/GA()]PJI
N82;
6 [+



9Q+U4
M,8-#BI^86=ZR)G,U*:*MF)T1<E@+-NO#_NN$6JYG394,-:]<Q6RR)?$^V%?


D
MX


M99E:;1+-K




MGB#']Y;?A



M]0\TYQ^6G

MNJYCL7WN;.R3Z??.Y99)%RD4D%4S0$H!@ =(5@%D6L%)\GD9S_@0*B+:


'ON#;_B&R$%GQX^
9W+ZY_
M$Z]+

MOY;BJU[!G6C

V[4Z4^





EF0G6(5D7V Z6T.!!0'W4 Q;:SF-ALH4(5(-H@;B\X(D$@6#[I@Z7G



T?J39IVXJ)4 X0E%KW

G3.
MBZ%SOC_HG



M4NL&?!R&].)O%F_8



'FV

MD0B$3

9^C?D./]TR;







M8R_PF@Y

M





MJ[8#I5K;:@CJPD&6L


JJ@_4@FY)=V97DE\N#A$Z.X_QZ0PN.]GA-K2FZ!2Z[T8[L)E)


ER)K+I8@MZ#V$SXK
M+3?V%&\P*5S3^K#U=:;
!2Z-2Y7@WL
VYGW


^0L5D\XM-WYWUG'MH6.YYFP9ZB;O]= GQOLE]OBR
M,J(_6&.?NT

MP1










=WZV
'_0;;IFFQ5

G.!HDPGW DV!D\









M999W^=D77$Y79NM=;9T5I(7PU3N8=AW+\\Q9O+0RZ0C/'_S5\T4T#6AX52JZ
M'''Q&M-Y


4@9?];M_E'E
[NN

/D(:E.VY+J
M[-LM@1H6+^7N&.CU61[N&#1Y=7*X8Z(8).7'J7N&&A*1E;^CD%]:<=*3&6U







MY+/=S/%+;:R63T-%ZMB+Z:FXTIIVHR#)9]Z@**+5
U65T#L
7

GK^T0:O*$
MM0

08W/M][0

$R;.6X(B'ZQO@:\['9Z&%R#;3#C3AA#9BS1&AX^18.



) *! VG9'
0'[_3NUCL']_/!_=QLA)J\$#FXGT5.74UYSLKX





M937+^.R3AQF75G1^9]VS=U_A1?P)2K3%0ZD\&%.6=D@WMV)Z8X&%K8'K*5





M#?L/H6N*^V ?\..$]-CD)G$ZBZ3




5$DWXG
M8#




S ]_SPSO:\ %:)4NT&;%
0

D
V^ECQ5RG5#B14!0%W:8TY):\I1UDK4TK





.80T\6T497G\<(JEN
Q#

J3('16;8%G6'Y?X%P+


M]Y:'V#?_#U!+ P04     +BU)24A(%\OLW  #H P
 %0   &%N9&$M
C R
M
#$R

MU]-5[D-:/\6&@DVBNNEADR60U8?_^L7!&P?!*A:0[76$[9YB)O@E\2%Q)1)_


[K8N^+

K(E_QMF#W8E7=5!
4FKPM[__R^_(]0_TL2IU^^9_]S

(6[F]\7+FA(ICQD/


MZY15*KUS#7:)29Q%I^EVJ/O:GN#3MD.*'0QHZSLWX3HK@F0K\&U-Y[ O\'9?

JJR,(OL^<XKU[&+?WK&POY=WTKF.:,5*8$
M)!SX'J7$NSCO=FZ.$S$EQ?J*Y(]6


M=_?%+(W8GSC=!!RF^!? D*M/B

M^3(@?%+R_BV=C1S1$1/_6=]0QF@[:PCC3:J);J\*@\BC\?:)6A6 1 D':!T0
M]
@*07\4Q: UG3YSHNZ)@;R1\=9XG5WB$




#EJB4'(0J$*+
HBMEV1Y L@SB:I\?!.BZQ$B:
M 1V7!+*WR:340$

M=DDR
AJ<YO'4<R&F4&+=;?]?).AU!#L#O#


M*

$
M3.XNB/9BFE]SL?O2:;O)B%8;8QA76II)S-1_40Z_FH+.*]XLVX^O7.!5$I



[W!WGL9%'3\P.]]ED28&)R&0=C=

X*C



MCZ
ECE< Y4JT

MI
M8]
R1H@C+@^%*J=I9$646LX/37HPU20IA0!2I(MLB!4VC\]SN(\#!*!Z(S^
MUM\3&I!U31,MW#Y5)$%0=-&ATU)&*%3,X2H :/-W'! [TK0D_5!&@JHF3T&



TPL__B5^TUDER;IFA


MB'E!&4%E 8B5X)%WLRBBGRLO_^\\3O&1]BLH9=URS WRRR%( ^Z=%I6%1*

M@J;.QZVH0ZL?@-\YIG\NR'7VI H-UTIZ(8X

M5X(#C7?H/G96U0I0=4VWGL&H:!F05
^\C5

OP^G+J#KQZ J.
^&JG[

L]=T4 )JR) YR&(JE<ADB^Y



M;I/X+M D8#1*NZ:& 7*?

MN)P!V-W0'(TP%+9(-0$Z#EPR]

M/QJ87=[TA #Q18U

Z?]U3) B*2
U+NT]]($.4,.+4(()*H<!GRX!!4
MR7IDQ-5#D35#?=:RWI2;AFAA-AE1$<$$-4N#2,X**HDO7(B-,'3.YHM_<C
MR9Z*^S(KK=9C;1;AA@A=YFB% 7$&!
^#7
J%21TJD3/BGTW16%_DD]?8J
M1!V31PNVQQQ)#A)M=. DSB0X9.LS%UF!KC-TDV-4W&/$PV@C^GLK([XHQ^\=


S/@YC:)P[
D_2K,AT9Q_D 97B]5(-



O5?4 _XV)3Y*QGI?#TZ^A&


^&A4NH3#R9A5^0;!ERQ32\)@EZ#\/I\FA^?7:)2

S$(MKL
MEF6V#_NCOG&J+EBVC3&

31P97[T
M!('11(U.=UV2T('!FN

X

L])T28H1IK0Y8Z$&AE+V6!4Y!Y@FPD(5B%.QX9E'














M
E4
#NV
&IYX9S.H

M1A0




MN1Z@=.*1/D+L(Z!




!:(TQ4+_ ;IE1?%P[T@4
M!J
.K/4:\L3U6P=\KO
MPQK5
$2

M


J7?RNS


M%]P%34K1)+=DI:0

M]6O).Y4(@
MC3+=UO /%06?]!OZ3:%\OB&\09QE?A1WA0-N@4(B)






M2A[]RM\()(]

!ZL:@T@!(;P-

MSL&@

3V5L:VENY&%D*&!)O#5U:
MGFK8S)
Z-:GFFB*
Z7;@+#VY70EYQ.0VR[%IZJV&]TI.W\^B?VQ$:IW\.KO$
MK+KB!'=



M5TSU16E


0:;

M]TU


_N9=9 6NMITM



M39X1-E&N-
!Y]JOX+N4SG;20[1ORU[;*3O-YCS*HD]G;2A

'4?!E;)]WWS^
M/+O\._-\5_



&X+3B6#FA0Q5T8KAWX)@;7+ ^#

P

Z)[5L6LXYUG(X'*

N5NA'JX/EJ[R8O3\^IESQ!R]GE]=_1

M4$L;HDT9?)^F4PIJB@'G@EO [;WND)(GTEKZ5K


C2OPX\HWF=)A$DN(++3V/8.
M:(2^V]M 1YK5O1K44AD


&2ZOA


MLC!
\RU


MKMSCMK.6Y;DC

URZ
S63V2-]I?.8\#;
'?!T\
MVSE+O;CCJ\Z-H'N7F2MEO=//$J!\.(:)(RH/9GK
*BPM1


M4YTS].\()N'
M9DX_M*EGUO6R?6ICCG(;U:0(AHECT!KV\3MY+UKZ
*AY@9]:B^ D2^F?XI:F
M?


MSIOK\R7/L@0Q(5HG1#5O=8LSW&1?\8!BP.*%NDE6Z5EIXSY]J5UM)9U,5Y&
M(.-5 Y&+
L 0_4M@9LXWAJNB$)152JB0^JZ7-X6P+G[XRRA6#(V_G_$
T)8




02[
M0SN=
!C?








[=5D!*,HY$6@B)?!
M1@*TD ._.P*#1O(8R:WJE6N^PFKMXMZV5OG%RWL[\%P=XQ='7=G 4N6SU'(.
M#ROK8;:.(LM

M9)52



M'
:71CA

+U:_!.PL8;$@E_'=?2'.GRU632Y=L13[Z:64RTM!
M[4G874MU2M-I/D&'Q[L58?HD]@AM016*INUE?+



51W)'5$
& YOCUVZE5UQ

!;6T
M TL!W0=5^ 1CL25Y]UF=IALJJJOJ<$1],,MJRDT^R\@*QX6ZQ]^E/(!.:PIK
M]$Y,/LVU$MJ;_<5PU'.'Q4H8-DNC5H?:31+3B3FPU'07U3'*E:\PTK-N^
9









MIX_L;F/3H0REJ-.AE %L9RRDD /#)@



M7QQ


XV10X&I










M$RQ2*9T^L[3IN#)//U+:KB10-;F3 8K(65X






M0I1/LU8*;-V5JZ!2QW.O6%[SRN*7 JHDI?2PD0=4
U8PM;TBK1N15;K20US1

93L



C6-?J_=10$)*18)CE -3!4(4


*$'4 K
#_T#N+%J]'X3+ZL3?VUN2'WL\D),Q+(O9C[U<O2,5OHG,:$-8;1.N[@2$


M$[';M^_?O3MY^W^7%U>+%5E[KVDHM+8@KS94HA
-

M2\YR1K]B9/G3*V&$_#/OWYV\SS_RE[U&R=
=M\^8O-ZU7M[* .G7BT=K4B
M)(E-C$@;=\G0U&
D3%8DH0LOL.).2MDRJV)8D37_3#Q93NZ$(^!_-BI13_4L



M65[1VY N.9YATE\LHC1





[H$\G





_VV??88M



4P*&.18064J0'SO&L2-4(/ X_N#Y542+3[U'ZD.-C7)
0&EEF([OIPB











MAD5D37&JV@*A0#A-ELKO!,XKK+B-N+BX5?(S.Z*Q:YCX6L'10(A)MJM=A.






O\0H^=1BI** 8(=S70U3A^(X/&_#I\#;2YY)4&D(10;C9UPCN

M!0 HPB5 C[O*(OGM8BTZDM;@BC=HH5&JP&U)J.V[)U?9F[A
@8RN/10;A!$!


M7=XSS1Y!.@\B3[MOV6L&Q0#M;E\BM$
(3KWP$TOODL73E$4+0L1!7;P=NX!-
M); #*&QHXP!6BG(9NHG6:W'%
EI\RFL@3])$O



VL+C6*A P6EUMQU47V%AF4P*$3%





!KW/3=1J(D](SLA0U5=1806C=OWI@QM<(S@0K MHLV; \!+X:N#
M+R4*TSSZ@N!A0/7A%#=M&H#.!(
\BW+BB1T49H_]K(-/FBS#7I_V^OBOU^R
M#^KBB7SCC.F3]P7+_?%9O[HOS]/ 9L3GOU84/1!D1JHCS#8 R85I9MS?J? 1
M

Z?:)EW/95@0.R
M4I3(?AX$$;M.F#@ 1 OEH$



Q[XH^4CH
M[4K4X+[G1G9;O-@W66:[^]+F_M2+Z8)O6/AJ.4UTD:JF_;D.BMB9PF%:PS%D


M-K4 28IVII%9

RL5 B7VM^%T

(V*AN$9I L= YOI\M E0

LK]HM\L@<M?)(JT,NYHZ4.8

M:AO([;9M(P#VZCHKI9U!?WQF($X3N=S^A V\()!8M@%P +WK)!4[:
$*.1(0

\ 

M78C]O(8P7Y&R'39E6SFRI1IJ^:
(:J@V
I1.=(]C*N@T


Y3B$6F0D&]B25.4KMD6I./'&Y59*V& Q]^*Z'#=H

1 ]**JT?:??[G#B7DZ-8A.S%<9J[R*A<AO $PQ-671/




MWU-&[CPJWFC

54A2GA(U[
M<Y[L?K@='3_T=K'QXA]VJV1IBF[B]0/JS3MS'F&^_-8AUZ7.8!N;:F.\1
MY
2W-D'8:^XS72

W!;;.CT4X


M [#7W+%'882XXO_B%MF]%X@A












Q!GO?P%8CF
;3N4=9=AQS23S!
MK&8^^Z8ZI



EL


)2.ZZQKLU9%9JP8&DK&QTSK :/AV-\R+MMIB9%=#5



N**U!5-:O4K. RNNV%;BQ:U



M
7&$:B?WA/6#(
KNQDRR



M%6'W=*'Q*/*67Y!SD2N@M
!P YV0K. H5FX^=NS+FKOW03HSK$
@D^% YZ3(
N
MQO)F@0)MGI;-0.$*E12X<^T^U
T=_X^I-'0]+TZQ.5*=UT?9.RN@!?R9.
MF 


MG;_K=!UR'!Y$.8;P]ISH]G6'].GZIN@S#/7#5=Y1^&:SE-2-WTH;UQ=#NQZ\

M_QO



MNR@6[\MF1@@9KVH**)['':W3ZZNC(
Q'FJQ\1AXFR_


M!I)BJ)IG'R9LL!(;WE%8;D'#!;T+2&W7*]M1'-PU#JSEE@I_/P
J+98ZI1MQ
MQ0./R=
@6M]%8183T=?7T)
=$90&27#4&ZWP9JJ1H6B.#!6=Q567-'*!4%3(

-@

K7W&\-+:UKY:4,=2(*OTJT




_E-ZU#)\)&Q!X[Q&P_:/V_
5

#BOP((WFL$*QPC/
M)]J<2UE#Y_O&1IF6:I%Q[%,0/[*$:E/R\FK2\<9NX.\@'6F #MD;2DB1I;
MN3<&P*Q91)V- 4 #S7'%A0 X0O^%$_S3#V6/)5K9\$0=]4 T&SX45_/CSK
M3?NS^6^]^:P_ONH/YJ/)&-MU?97<YDO[9DJ7L^BV9)B*S=.GO;\8@D;-NL.Q
MX8!7)V'F\F
)!:DX!D0#3)3XH#U(!.O8&V6&4GH9_^I%WW
1];V\X-.)B6.


+'F?YV_U%%A
M&K$6^$-4@2E)IZWH=D=$&!0[-MJ4&PPN;P<S2^'XQ9SH]I[\JB0K1_Z@RB[




M20C;?E.?.J9J[/K(NP5$]'K L5G_





MJ3716=9?^J!T
M=A\E4&Z'LB.#O)B782
D:0GT=]\X?6Y R3TFS_8YI;H_@R?3)\A_]9(@_Y(@


SN0A




MA_4*#C[@


M.+J(.)N



M(I7QK9
:51T![KS(OU.1QGI/H/7*/[RKC;CKTZOA/Z^'XWEO^OJN55




SX?B<K3PH5JKB@5I:KEK3'<
M?(#JUR#RLYW#%G\1_[CQ8L)_\_]02P





SS4OY$D;6FJ4@

M&QS*$RIJ76TXOK#7]U
\$C!_T?Z_';.Q





MYLM&AT3$6:V/R\E6ER38@

MA-9'*(-)P:D




( ):

XV6O5
M



H3]GU

MM+\2O)MP
Z4UF
M'M,1Y2^*@I91WVW#A%S3#HZ_22EW9.'9@7$D[TSB-HQ(G(BE

/\H(6R\


M=E1K5


/^3QVZ;

O+V^MFJW/UZR\'U0-[?=ULM_/K%YLQ$:$9
MD&CUAU/6DRH$50YD'/.1!K0D^T:[3

MU:/CU^!A[6CF7;_]&G76NF2='@



LB6$YTCA8*

MY:G.(CM+]FBWE%$D\-)&3H=Q!39&

MA0YBJ5/L1T1R=@&:QYS,H 0VS3[@ $: D:\T#O(1CPI ](RPV[26.4J'WD


MF_N







M/T6GVI! _* 3

7?8W*Z-%
IY-#



NKJ::WU;2C[TN[N?#X\.*J6






M-I6A'5+5\@\GK*]T*'0Q4##DV BX3?J--J!J[_+QW4_H5@0\RNR%C6@OW22K





H87
MS5@26YT(9BRW8@2J)O_AX'=H PD/&_  ES13(VEA=%]OK4(L F$
US./ O5&




M8PLMKJ6QFF



Y%8@0989]@H.& A[O';#U+1CR^%I EEMVF42H

J]Z.&A0(5#8MIY(+!6LO$
MN0]37#E%?FV+R
MB9/OYY UFL*@GTPP.+E]CW


1B(P
H)2
=L



5]3C](QTH&*F VX<0<N-$]E9F2:
''


7(OYREM_
Q]ZU?;2+;O


M]]8YD^E/SI$8R+?.K7?[DW/X@?[QM;VQ\_7SV;\V/OS2[9[ _^#TG+6U^_YZ

KKOEKY5J_ZK4^8


7N2-G0=!?+GE3Y(CK=.ISU,G7-_ *\Y
MDC?.:30088L_:,%[8K]/,LKSK_7O/#\9!F+TU@%I+.E+__8MAL9DQ2C/WW/


M



0[$;Y

HBL*




M-HM-

;\?1;5 5V0Z

%(O[.2PPKJ?6E&PN.O-$XB@\KE/#IP^#QJ8N ?/C!YJ
M+_YY4
W;)/M4F/2

W5_=VO[D4E




*CPKN8Q.G73^+6'V2#Q3YZ6
C;4T1 XV/&
M/POK:GR%DWP$*E?&AIU:?'(XB2





@Y#F7CY.K
MHOPPKQ[*VXR*?M\/?#S^\TL_)AKP95)\ZJ-




)-B?7?K#AII#Z+HC2

MV7WWLO3[!PR[
ILXY
C$.9(WSFDT$&&+/V@Y9R!-^C\Y Q%?
M^.%:&@W?.OX^: 7I:)JL]0PJR)P+\(WSHNB#F\(]XE0Q':[UOKBX$?C-Y.


MZF$]





M5(95]%F8V


:96%Y3YHM4]$ TN3((X'/7#R]^7FFOT-]#
MX7GZ[P=/V7*[&N^I&P6!&82#D3]\



5

J#_+O7W[_[\[!\-]'[L6*
MDV(_<\K/(2C?MS2_W!P&.?\)IKAB6^L[!Z#1 5C?K+5;AU7:1\.JO;A)$I2





%YJ9)

MNO\1KON'D.!6='8=;5RYHR]/1X(_V'6]T Z%]S.[N4EQ(PWO/#J5KO2O49U+

6U/01J!W4^#HP]@C89W



M)@45&8!CD/G[D/A+:D+BB-01F+CF4B7O/^G-C:O@NZ@1;V:D1DR1+SI_;/]Z

)XLN^'C&6J
/.5GM;



]BRVF8AAJ(.C[3+&B6(DF=G;;CB5&R?L=5L9?%
?R8@2C1N %E


MC(#/-#?*Y


M#L7=

M%W94%




M_MOWZL)[FZNBQL

MIDF \\X@TYW?_
[L$3Y(%0!0NB#,*C0*2I!$8B3@&FP1X1\#IQ06YR#3CE


C.XO+PVS


![JB9&FL'@




2#_B=$!G3PS]
M%+:$


=YU_KM]QKKE8H;J7P:Q66
MHU^_KT;




M[GP.P4*
ZK8YT8]TYB:
A+DTV1SC_
<DB]U+D7(E']KU??.JS!M
MC





M-=I+O^=C?Z



.0
M

W^V^)3E47.$B\OLH.\A BE/IURL527
MZ$ .HA@^R0:,AXB'%'!2M$B2
Q99&G36R$FG@4/?[84
^C01HCK YPH4X

MMQ$_S^

M=;[&F0P
C-P[]A!

MKM=7/7VCT;U+%WC1\ @=X:A!G6$@7!8.B3_(@E2$
LH2
$FH!M5J2:!$2W^B


I
M0O:?:NE6T]7EYM)W+[DC14]2 S_T;8@$VR=P7S&GX-




MCS
BE#28 '_!4:E\_%19^AG
M*:QVW3D$@]!CX+<67=O6C&ASC+TUC*,_I2X@14GJB@3AB6+5* \T#FQW!8?R
MM] 3Z*OW./*:1H2'73]VLP&VGG)ETBHI.Q2SXH[, HS9P5#7J]YQ#D #SDV$
M'9EUVA7L 19&IKF6MKRDOJ.]NI9ELQ3IQ@^SBL^SPM_*(%F!S#ZV.=T..5/
MZ5\\9D,Q*C\Z  %^9C%' #9ES^+DL0'V3[^.1& 


+7

M]BXIV2[UA$#W-
6%UD@T 6=

!('IO @=!-FB40#U




ML$XQQ3.#U_N#(1P


MS#5HDLQXG2?[SM_%YLO. ?_FW4M_=UVGS9Y19FW!I6?R7GF*\'%QAGIK_+\E



MOLUVOONZ\T7A#J7BBB@\Z@&[$S.1
C7T
I\2]][^<5\;7=[JSH7
WI
.F

3
ME/Q#FC4!X&C4!I,.5/$#;!49X3!B$NPSU8J[S&?LP)$A(8T5H='
[V.V&1B
M3 H&(O7 

V!^:D


RYIO^=)495.SE5E/7(!1T#

M*0F6U32Z8
.1&!:QL9+
=8$(J-^Y

D:&A0A3)SWFG#V+
+I
M7@!14C[=*KY8#37Y4?T*GHU:Y*_ 1L21:RX=H^2+ X!7J5M.
A\+4_4J][
M5;U._U8-_

0
+


MX'G=Z0;RUOE5W%SY6M?.DVGXC#5CCNU&XV^18F-1GH6K!*_O6)-;OY-#+U


@'!81MUG
A8Y:KASK8:0^H-S FN

(8
4U94U4MY0NB/A%^BW
V9IC M


P\=RS8L&ONO#
M?HJDN;SG+:$D.2*EX/&4O

MSZ2(L$(TB\[N=&02&


3$K


I5/P-\*QJ9E5H?(AQ;;_ON^IRS?V&^':M





/&T




BQW+53FA?HLF K8Z;'JH49%#X
I&;
MJ$5/87F.A+2:V]FL82H%U \5ZF+%[_H*.E@]&A%,0?/\NAJ7W^MG1HM]2Q
MU




EE=..PKY7&Y40



M
+.;G1P:X0;.P=-M;85/C*6O#A3'Y(8%?D.W2C22

MMYO4[45)W6Y






=]X$0SNVS?H7OJ@EPW^03\



E

M&\=O[0;1JK56AI8TUC7U_1CL
R ZWD





Y
M#T1EE[3* '3(E]K18,4J\JE%(9:[.NBA6JLD483F%)J(M72Z9H;X9RS_\CH

I


MLQ+!+N$GUWZ

DF$;9R(OYGD
C
M+Q;DQ.=57BC'/L_&2LA^JIZ*SXP

MD!.?5\;OB1@
!%TL@('4
(U'#0W
]1P:KE^0$Y]7KJ?T#U
?5$@!X:J;(;?U

5A^(^-K'_YLJ&6NY]#(AP4Y\7F5#Y[$E DC('3+G\CNL:MR.!!$





/9$0MGJD2L@(NAO&E-@TI
7=


#5KIE4B%M+E

M442?9J'H]V%\4D)SM#

M_SZ#IVGZ

M?\1%^($JUJ=B_
I&
71)Y2V -+PVH
6]ML;[NO$F-LVMK]G6!

YGDIW-*NYMH8#1CQ:';&CFT4ATM5





M^ 
PQWW61 UUW GSS:M!TLC%&!)^).)I*)7@]I3G(Y@%/U'K16ZU\$&]FO

M6&Y*=@7$#1TMS(RGX;ATVM55RM%:HEIK!DHC)S UC : Q\']H =\;=9Z@_
MO\/)7Z&

M8=)1SFW-!-:=

@0U9YQ'H1(D/BB :YF!QR
M3C:





M9/MC-$:J;6*D]IZLXZL*C;]@0=L\#Q+?'V0#ZUK1VIN#MH#M]F/MS%;A$7K3

8K.M^4E
MF Z%

M4DVN+8#^*$E\'#T9PDP\950I$'4N04E-54?!Q&[0=];+5M4%X[ZNZ6(),T*
M%#L7*!6.U)ZY
+C6$0@TLF)@J^;1
&I)@J^;A(%%R51L

M_O




M%:7


WSN /;#1*GG&K:J0_N5('
U%GG(I^

T'I(_Y0

MT
X6XHN +0M*_*&RU-Q6=4'UI7;*Q IPC9!:#D_@[ZV6JUC1D
]&0];2:%!<* 3X!P1Z!;/I5'Y]E8G6'K,SNPY5MG[3K/C)'6<A
PW%7[0<6-0L
9@.0)




+:-V



JB5Z4:7MM

M%
/_D+N:J09)S2

M@DC92#!48%P.'%
FZ=*3).!S58YDPU9G!\E^D 47Y(3/^ XESL@+K0@PP13


2'OB #X.!V+5M744I .-YS;2HABV





M;'

2+IM/QD

BH]P JP

LBY P8W?
M6+75G08G\*6!JN:60^JO/+9LILJD6#+MD645\@5K-J:YZD20?L\T37)59[E
M]-GT'E;?8_;&((TV-\&
8T@$*H\FN9:O%6IPJRC5J(8 O=! P5H] &K1(CD/
M



D!9;5\%N\)6:0:*A4*594Z4X1


M 5TSG#UF0A9HM35@JK)0H5&TO

QPT
MUWD7=.V35ZV4XN&@DR6&U912I/M9'/K))=VN]BMJJE2
@75G$J;2WU'B4E#(
MRK3!_68V*67!)#9:)/EB%&V.;)3(LO)1]/2QCL'NG#SHB

MO+Z%B2Y-MXJPC 6/T*85I-QR[
BFN=TM#&C:4&MFE
[*AZ4JY





2?':WV6W&R X9A6I+ 8/+96XE'A8'<,JMO&C['O.$R]DWV,6[S EXB;B
M-4938C%ZSY1%+?=


(1.


:U3
M]3&^IX
4+N^:U ]]=9-'E($^*K02Q)B\4



M(I+ 

MG;
YL@)]:M)

(&=NI[X;5'*E8PN?4D
&:AX#1W$ZWZ+T6
MX.U.O)[C&,I;+-@U7BD-((6A&5^I\MFP!;^' 422NYM$XECV(# ZGSR7 3@



S; OP
M_PLPUR)M^LNK9
V$XDI9J.?%F5*11]CHT45@E+A&NRE^F-H6R3%RT;*
%R
MT&*R%#?H!CZX'R/D&



B:N519;A311_A [/]E

8@UL')&\@4\M&5L*2M\0)O:-;CO,Q)57'@
MP


Q6JNN@;

Z5^-@R_*1C#U/


7Q#KM




M$9TKGU33:A304L%&L4RJ^*

M1MV^9:MR


M[G66%BCX'@Y&0H0HVD&X[GZ6F#Q&IM8P/R]#IYQ.2 LF%P$54MUI5Q@W@6HT
M2V.'(AB!L67P-W)( AM[4\$$4.8'8YWJ-%[B+0U[9V%+E?=8C W-BY,.[:\
M)$+Q1)):W-8?-Z+U(!4;QFV)2-NTMF;=V;\5J LPEK1V\.'!L1?@AK5!]L4J
M*2$*XZN(X/BI* K2%BT+1&MYW%? &DFU\L) _ UMH-6 B%JZI!B^1E\)-7TA
MG49%7\F\+X;\$7,^#^TC\E62$0F2M=6D0#FFOS5VO'!

M]\AZ.[5GTT311V-7&'.?] #C@3*MNE!6J:J./'5&
R$W]P-&(+'3*D?2'T2Q


RHI:'(





M0+4:M=427;T_)%.96N*
)




M[II[277IH(!E Q%:[;/ WH:5*@D7:H


S3$.S[
M@V$0C:1




MKE^^0U6@.DET6*RF11HW%\TA:


B\0;&=WFNW)A@CWGY268M%(4Z8UJZ&+_VES!
UNL!N*=!D: '_$
M E_IAWA2*)=XNF:;E8ZJ/ 24:-C0^*QHO # 4 2HABN.L'*X\U! .O2P:E
M2

X)VK'!Z=G+8=IG+A<
MU1[YL9L-5-*$*J?SR]]Q(!%H[5ZNRLZGJ);3IU0Q624)A1Z(O;
:9WL=8_?
ML^)FW@*'8#%M+ NXZ0];ME;/#C]X,W:;R@S@(U=?7Z )P(8G*GUR*^L74





2!SXX9:JAZB=6Y




0A30( W*Y*W[?+X
LH_SI- 4PL!:
21N%:
M[NJG5 





^/-__M+S4Z:X[IX=GOSD'W;WSX].S!5A2$2=VKJ?:VSWUDZL$




[E#O,=H058?<R+MIT3C
M)+PB


MK3
J\9PO


4\+%@&&SH [5[L;!*6R*%(C*K:Z\9T8OF(:QC1R&36-JJ
MSEQ%BHUZE!A6($MJNE%/EP6=YRK4L33@)RXBO?ZM_*1P




+*B]O:
=6:QA65JY6U7?*M3N5^L+R_9V'O:Z (9




BY#-L0$1)/=7'JS*_QZ'[#7HG

MW[YIWE9!IJSA
7^

&
S#)#(LX+*)?A_3SST:0[LCCRG&LH/\2)U^LM


X2_8.J$#E&#[V*U)AG@E40HK5X!R

 B6#4(A E

^*#G 3&T(D[C8)Q=E(3$&5; 544+



J[_H6%#X(33OC.1;-/6J:!!:@+%G?NV61K2Z!S3;VY(;?9
MDAOY#[17P?1%0FMLC'J 
N-


ML34)AHMP.HMZR2
]*?@ D6B5F_(_57/D OZ+;@5@!\^MA!'
^W\H #36DTO*

$

%U$H_VEHC5B13ZC48$](KP#'?.YR@*376-]H2W

M-08*Q
QTTN:'F[M\CGMT]D;%'








\3S0YS

M?D:B*:23Z^/


YI&\^GKG

M\'/IE]XDZ/K3]UW
-W




*VC$.I

M^&N&KFFZ-7







H.6:2TW1SWN_;MLO'?2*\BH:Z!4F'2WMP!W/D8XU#+C+MGM
M+&\M;' L1!
\TJE30&5FQCP:.WONI*OF
PMUI(45M/Z%ZD^@=^&H4X2\^5






[P\0
M3SRP





M15CFVP\.:EYF\[RR\XKM-^%]]TU$[3(T(4/PB%12%3H^H*NLP* _Y+$AA(


0H#TG\9!FYONFPSL!A+53]*+=$+W6\GIBR0[0WKQ


%$TL9R;3VA-UBO5L=:=


V#W*KS(A.^=QZ



IG(PUMW[S'!
5EJD7#0+


M)XL-;L;$U?0F



M?BLO

F['O0

MTZ\*HB6_J;;5J1'&WH'U4GYU
UFOFSK6Q<YN!G[B19 V
MVUS\#25 SZ!Q(+U<X, 6=T(SO<'LP_]@7+.,1^7F:&G3TA6/M6:JMSQ_O+O6
M(K@'Y=]'/U:@D7OB6L:[P[K)/1K $4'U]6JI?B;N66-%P;9B- _^0A)'89P



M/P\F[$I8EN8NV%^9@C4_2@0IQ(5:2V_


M^:#[HZH^.M-7 /H1DNG)D4__A\*)FMT!KL,_])S#19N*X1Z?4+Z&+459B=

M



MLT1

MM);%E!D)SI;HCT+K1NA/JLJ97J4$%S,U;$I9[W#X)0VE5A0[0KK#E*#_JH

M2)=U-G


#P
27M-UP


=ND+CQB5\+

M$

H  6

FXG1U?/O
@TK$O 

VK[(72X


6%@;

G+14!=RZ-HZ
M*Z4'1GV'Q$.X/D7(\H8=@Z[M+#X65]U:FPQ$1T-J!;!:^9^V+:HP8X ]M7






U )T329
.:T)-^H

)'A3T*@9$H_\CX^:
M]\+UOZ3C#N-Z(TW@+'\&+#3=;



]5I&4ANYH]6IP& ]0A6P#K_^KS@]^%SN;^
MM]!6]$O FE
9'IAQ%[&J048J?Y00;U356@BMNF-[8ILN=?-=MMF*\M2Z;ITL.?

 N@H&^WZ21+N
^
G]?.
MVCJZUH^S]UJ



M+LCY.(]+-EB(EL
0Z05'*^^Y4=0:D?GU0E)NA6ZX[K -82@I!!AOOV)+N&D]X:T1H[Z<


4L:)=7/?WN=X!3U-@CPL71
MFFIRXLL55WH)_;$
Q#!$

1=V7/*[:/_
X95U


M7+SD;G*

M7]OO4!P:[!/X6)39M]Q38VN PQ!C#?!'.I=3VLO76F=L6\S[!4N$^
?0-A



]7^\&-( XG9KY8

)*3(0*Q?

DF!!+'IH\X$KB
M8 F RB64K


B9-BBMZ3(/ABCD8E8TAQ7]5OLGUJ0)
Y*




?WV9X;IY7PS#2WWXQ-*Z;*E^F7'P<)U^[[XRN




&PB3]_7F?#EUX(9BQ
M&


RS6NV

MI]T]-5KA9J4L'ZNV\];.U4C40^9BI
5FZE&!36TZCYJ9Y/_JA/&HW%MHVS4=










W?Y:BL#N9MLZU'4
M+/;BT$!%LG5J;) 8@
Z==G*U':W&V6E8=SNIM0*SVD@+&MD!6VE?U;328\:&




*9*7=!Q#6BT5




M5J3*--*24Y


7&%X2,MG*#*G:M6\8[YAB0^MD
MYP+22VG!\-Q-JW4[3D]A!G56E(^3M7.$Q\$XM_6<.O8-KY[&^&!.NKQ

UY&Z4
M

MDX;H=C[

M

M/%W#YZ9?=E

;0U0


MH9 4! 0/_6U\&= [*.XWJ^V%#9@ ^&(T T_TX]DZ @_.:^?.V=?'84/












ZWA 9.&R66YB_MK J@YVS9NY3









H.A6P+FH( 7O5[)\M'P4RYD
M.
YN52C!)\(/J%'R%PV.*QG9Q*D03_D5]F E[1&#=W:7./!::0AB/\T-!R


(KE.%_SX*SJ_Q8


!WT'4P)K1$WMQDAM^+^)#.+!RWB*\[GI:7
BC*_



9H%Y.%-@2D

M\JT%3Z.C MI?4W=\31DA39O?1++:MS\@T=KST=]3]WI/8==@#UPC!&^8,!,
M/&NQ*:^$183;[





M)K1-S&?\#ML0VBOP[YSXBD
GU7$*GC;;=]LJXA5#

MV1+;.-P
[.

$4FZ

<:2+;;#^$T



M+Z=^G


MN2%1++)D ^&XBBX4V?TSQID.))/L8LHO.L&P'J[S%YC$]&+!%OB.K]PM'Y'
M*A.!;4'FZ')[D+L&Z+ I%#ZL'OF_.2.EQ/'T]]!^L^.+%I B618P]\8


L8AP/;*VYXC9]EJJ\YX(_+)51V:3F0
.T H/G)?^<FHL9G Q/RYN6(U5A
M*#BLY]-'
\:7PSC19+HE$QBL=+7B)&S$EW$A0UQ42N9)7Y\CR;! [6
2S^
S
M975AWX[&R-TKLL+A
&K/VZ1(LOFP ]ZW^4Z^K53;QT::*=MR?674HM
(C^

CP[25VCLN0G+6\1@TZ\31
M15RD:IZ=7Y/B)4$73L9: $D
B9;'X\EX^15C41]B_'6JE,SDY?JO\NS5[K
M6;AU'S4+QS?93ZNW$+QI +J!:6*78N(V0U[H1K(4EU7Z/5K(U=U5[5-.%O2
.OA?BO6O3;!R\D#&!&C[^]D2%\](;ARV

K0
M


M\]QV\(T5#RZ^D!^6Z)Y*T@N -/N=\+.



^UE[?

7

MTP%\#SJ ^]Q!^F?.AQ;



7?F'6%&2T;
M*A JCZ?L/'9UTD2)7

M&3//6IT&-*\+
 0_7Z
O[*0M]CQ_PP'_=)WDS^#1XR*=


MQ6N.WT3(AL\WG0SFPTLO$G!TU5ZCUR:Z_R!H.##:3Y8H56%1TZUDRQ[KG]RV

M'9&1%;?QLHZ4LXS.D@QSC(MQ/$X6RR;MZ'!@M*K3:!\$G^.8?U\.6UXTD+ A
M
9A*ST;


3%ZVIB:M)NNRV
M


Q$_5!F/$.U

M(8NG0?SP5HL8&
.I

V
F%7=GFR






/<&K_A)V&R7


OY('B\7E*7^X<;-<K+3J
MD1CU+$$B0=FR@WA+'UPW\;UIORMN8973 HOJ[O9?5A@4_NO.7RR3K_+=8#BW

U**IK6
9V&N]!7+4,.EG1A3%G6[Z@@8=!^9R7^9+]FLS8,CH#4KD&LAAJ82L?4D[
M%R/]X\[6]HOHE-Z<PRFZVS?&]5^[B7.#W4&YT^-4_BK-1*?-%P-ER&69-

OKCB^UMI*?Y#;#$



4
M8#*@W!%-JH)-AG_D\KQ($EEPR8Q(1OQZ[\@DH$4OX3KWB-
!\
&Z'1]1Q2G%



[-4T: NF#UKB2XRLQ\0?C'

P)V0TLJG1RI2) MN?RZ
/-7'-GKYIOPA99+W:I


M6W#@3@\.[

IXA




AGU?PTC7DF

Y
I]'&
MOJP&%&@5Q-/&!]
H7.7F2U*


M8K-F ER3A=PPSF*%!Q\;V]5=7NS]R8Z!%&?TC'$+0GCMC-B(J&)DRE#T/**G




M&NYB4HW5?HTD$
2_0-NYL3(?:O\=0&/562$'!%=EPNKNINL\B@K7)%?D5]+%
M


M@

MV8
7_#Y=(#
6HO^KLK[UK39\FG.D%^-QJ?MQ_@?B^^'+NLMWLUR
M!]^4&8AND!A@7V=-&@ ;:F2_QY:B^SOM=(%M6LZ^6KZ4T[NT(64GIUR+, K)
M:86SJ7;KOP[?J+7:]+&*E;,[C**S,MX;:@Z(P3T;_&ZEAQD-!YBES:XY<*/5
M,<&SPQ*)AV=(+QO=*$IBH;YNY'B4$UMQ(=XU4D=U. @7!6+UV11HR7KOO3:





M8H9CJ%GB@J/'\CQ'


Q
VZ=UQJ66


M--
1P L'J:_4(.W8
&2N-

M!QKCZ-.9#WX
O1%[)O^X(V80:X@QPMA8[L&8C&.?K.M-AO,C.FO$G29B




M75P_I$VJ;QP25P=@?D
AL.W ^34E%UJ0PA*WGX/87*)32F VB2\'^YI# /5G
<%6S?I<D.T-G9 C*=,'1W0.O_<EU




M8[G5 6F5='5?J7:

MDY!ET&T/^+/
YC:ARTCEOT X\YD[$T.B&S:8OCO]Z-MOOW&XP.2/1Y&TY%
M


82TS$VG]@5!#]/+Y[DZT\3%95H5\/CH)7IF[
M&*S?\(UV:1YY1@T3HZ#-_5_691 =6I/!&W)V-\..2VDZ9_T1L1I*-B3*$GJ3


MJ*Z[Y\^TIF[F4@O1H 5'%@^Y?*
G+^M.+7YC]Q_]/QS2#@=I&093W/T7CH0[

=!-I;@ZXG2('RI&=Y:]Z;

MLZM;Y
*0-SMM'6!-9P;(,YE0MT(J#\+AK$!. E[Z&ER$!RUG
M;Y)T?M
]EH2WZ'8/ T'18B.U$FJ GW8]YTSMK



*4G4*+F:

$5Q@;4B/7:'59=




YK:



M!G$H\:&I**RTO12Q*PQ[]A$!0P\#K/0G&:7^_*6KK'1MZ(#RTF-KK%L2H9W
M77&3PZ!:=?/Q73J/];+D*OBJM4/J0FJ
ZUO\EV$:\[1WU&PJB+'3/^J&T^2


F.X:*CD_+]=(64'U(TTD^9QDK)UHW[/?$5&W

G2UH^
MWE3DZJU072M;H;-5D&1L7PLZ)++95-[&5[- J8*%&N\ Q


!HGG/)5O^AI

_A*G
M6IYJC*@WT[];:X#4A9!6:$7
]*^;[62#$=1U9/D;YF?$.U]5P1D-!RM#+LUP





MSZRE*LC9S

GQH[?1X?_





)M+19:M0?2
M5PAC%G'K9Q9%ZI7.E 71NJ#BZ+0JT?U1:MTYEG+]ISK!=^



FBTSR6RR4H_Q]Q!X)R




MN+R5&T8F2WVMP%AI6R)\

8Q!--@_Y694[-3/*R45Q-.*'J?]U)A92.J#C+
MH;


BXF3V9YSKJT?C($FA2/EQ77






M

MR #QM6



VGT&
M2GGYM<WH,N8KCQ51:(*%6O]5$ T;-^T7J4<[VF-]45Z-_A.CJ!ML-V7O\
I


-GZS_ML

MB=3Y9-%OG[


Y/%-7\17
X8F+D*!OF\3&;DDLUIDL]=

MJ% F

MXYKFK-U-5OE[)9-.Z=X[*\!N#R.:%W]&=+!

Y
9R3ETQ:A-]%YFO;MHW8$1L-!RZJ




 %Q;3:EI21X@LUNX[-NXXE=%7B5J2J4



MR

T/D\H) ^NCKG0Q 0U
MSYWG3K&(;C%3%F)?0)5GX S

M]UI?

MUK ++(SLNNT&Q@EB/ 6S8MG%#Z79L]T



65E(D

/3E&\BB[L1D2:Y&UY*
W.9=WF9 1CD6X

MH^VGVPH[CJH




YH1]VPL_';W:D]=]
MV#OT

MS6-4'MS5P8DKQ'U-!+'S=+3W;&^TM_TTVO K7@-@8/_L[MKR-QTV/+CA:Y6;


-[ !Q









M% N

M!.BU'A.22:Q[+XE'BF1.YY




M+9$6B

OYT-/Q4%^F0@)WT$1IV=/_D:.7S4?Z9[W


(8HQ%.V+?=


M=2?A-D=D6:)=X#''FNK
X):VN$Q!TK



A
MG+1VJPNQ






O5!##\NYY








'C?
@-
M2%LF_WR\^D7F& 6%H5=

^K/BD







#^+$TN])@Q

IR-#AT1@8Y)SI'9%\_0W9))1M&(&$]!Q
@ZP8+B/LW1RW@#8D;E

M&+:76]:'POR5M;3[245Q /\W_

LB:

MY!HT
M?T[4ZV.^G?::M]


X9=61]6Y

0C71]\?+D10@.%WO7/X1


='VBO1SM/X

MZ




MQA[VJ7H
DI;1 *K=+@$6:IN!RDF(_

U:A0A_+_?WXEQ..XWH?X+[:$:5VR.F8EG'+

MWD3_*Y\*LBE

A8:'

M^S?'']_M?SHZ?M][__=EL!XK4N!A)31;N_J%V]4?]C]^&@Z.CH[Z/7PO]N-E
MPW[L;&]%KX\^'AY\.OYX








Z3'RU2[
 X2!//3AB*WI3Y//HF

M
Q?
UL'A


.8]P6CP25% \TO2'MYPH..S
M)6B.XU



MLMXQ'V;WP+]OO=FBIV99
KD*'O97SP5)#_M;7%Q@DOUS6$G%6!;]9#!7 A;\




^I'_:MCQM

M\#:SZ%8_M/Y.828OW?/.TP6/D/L-G^A^R

S@B0$].;;
X61E5OU
MZ?!N&+EH8$'%/DO 5X*'S*#0F6:)Q%G.70H=.XNXR
'[;_*5_UTELUC]K[9C



DQT:)]F98B#9AN]9ZL
_9]K
[379/JC#&5D;.\;9;/:+


30PSYT<CI<

M&Z6GB+0
!5O5-GT




(?
M](4S






PV

A$U5QT/:5^H7PT


37?:M/R
MP9
J/Z-LN7PDTE AS8RDGKFQ::CN#)XH9-D & %P]%ZVI.XNPLOI:ZV9X;9
MBV+WA\T;&HM?1XC3U!X'O,2.3DA[%.UR2$U=.0-XOJJY70Q8-$'Q]S0^$._,
M'%B81W(8N*PNDZU)S9XJ3A1_=/,W1HHXH7UQ8#V! ET#4Z 7DJVK=NV^TRY

YK 0'K'1\[)^(WYB
M6LE/B?30Z2&_2;LWM#8\*1JQ6Q2Z$A^9&N
&_8Y11Z]O/A:23;U?C^-5)
M=*X]CJG0X%6K9K/&]&88I:+MCIPI61$[J$NGUPKE
VFM4**U0OE
6BN4U@KM

3EH0;4




M^P9^?&CC9@@;2(:-2O.T\N7 1.K2I5\0S?7(]M6\U. 1PYLX0(B
%\P;/3
L





1159 SP







!(1&!.^)@ U3!\X9LZ_;R%XT#%
MK?4A6J QGI+@I*42TK)X(\95 %Y!KE36C14EDZ$$ P;35N0I
 I^!&4L6LN5


M
\*Z):OW F02&O!2MPYIU= SD
Y!&.UB8R-X2 E[:R52T?EQ'JKK<H#A\?X
M[^1]4F$B\ZW-];^@HU)4.I&<L1U1E+N8W+A W\1%@V%$+ V2%7Z)GCN<D0[

M-Z@HBUQ$D*W0XF0 

MEU'#M4 B1-\864=QN^@$+@!#2U;5A691
'(^%3NIV'EYL;-62;&B$*B.5%N(


M/4MHB1^^?L?9IJ?IE

5*5%O(^GL$& I?:1

%2:?3B.-TAP%+Z2*51-*9I6VA.




M3X735J!XAP!+Z2


W(J#8!=I@R







M^:;B*9A




IE#
@ *)NUI.+R7M#IJ;:'@

MV]+3[L']&I)GE


M;@-PC^



L83/L'A$L]

WKB*+2((S/RHA/&J;='HG@ #V0]J!QLI8=




M.*^8'KO-CO




OZ_)=8QN
42J7L:#


C@50X+CPB0!+!J_!(JW9N4]S6#H35A.RF4E):MG

 B76\\!1#I


[X:]OS=F+%
/Y4#8:]:
MIP*'PN6\#Z$8F^J@\'5X%U(?#.IO_/I^'_[!.XR^R4-;'8-N'^*3?KN-]C3.
M9*4^UA.5_-!E=3Y3R' 4K8

EZQDF*&/3







%6-'-!09=]0UF:%!S%3R.P=TD#!6
MR&D&+2(4D
^P-P9%BX1?BE2SSL)H4JGNB;M$7L?B!8)IFW='2!%A-7DP*Y8








MK[

?
MAHI[^*'*]PO'(-@6;2A1?GT!^? 2FXOAC]D4DRP'R4#HBYW&KWOT(F3 86I2


..M
MF]]HBL*Y7UHXS)0VBK_?DA*5WR:D_!.$]4+S';#J;.728::I65KJQBT%_CH9



M*HRV QO9P^PFO+;_VTU3Z9MF8@_2BT

363







M$ 
)6@(YX)]O2&[%(NREZ3F

M4SW=M(7UW4\K5_46GZ#6GNZ(P5(!C;D3
2Y:A/O4/*8?1N'#2QV&H[O!



M#DXA'&R+PZ@Z
V?;\H'R8A7D;4!(FS
[CD(4I\=9*V8\EL)^HJV-35])[C/=

F\9W]IC5
MIK:V=(QSG1)8R;&SN_B 41*?4_ X 7'*DGBC(:6+FA:*#/XQ-*VYC*T''@


T66
+!._C


M21 0*#K3OZ^'Y: %5U?XY))4U'&!T#CED']Q?(LRU@X^-9=10\;Q\



M:B;#L=$ZPZG MA-:$W%R6YN@/SRN1G%

TK@0T2U)/FY8/M:_D 9QN





 L!/Y?A'HS

M2 B7:]A'4*@8\


M@%H=.LXH'O;W 
H.HTJ34;K+'A5C*JE2N;X^P:!9/G(W(2R&K#52QW0B!T


MQF)9'-=MN

A^?T]UU9
&U/;+J\*;%/A@D]A8%A+EH]%I=A0



X87BIY0JIY='UE*)?(&6]%XD04X?$&ECQ0%EP2@K
M:

MJO*V&IRS7 A^

M(8%


MNB:EE@R77AJ6ENAQ(F085BX]


ZF



M
&A5&V _L+IK:IC#-K7'0^4RBJNP



(8@L '2T7$JU


M:IPA&J'D4;5J5S

<B*L$BD7W%3JV:=J/TD%=B$@G1]C9H+#9DV<A 7#A%<T
<9U!5[!&5PD1'LAB/&;


M I\!6N#:UTAASF9N9R@+0KT;6@_;T)H82 K@+)3


MGSF;*ZCXGG8@E@L..F4[C=*]Q1E&%^69G%8[GB8L$P)TPM?5='Y3S&BJUH

RZ[3LNLM


ZA#4H62T
MW0$;FKNJ8ZCA=Y#15*7%A N O0T.
+##




#
T1







MRI;'K/VAFNO07)=F_^@6Z5HN?S-9E0L,Y[TP/M:#+-LRBOYZ4J'H+] !YX



M3F$.FRD3)Q;.67:MW;%DQBE

M4E2(=?#[^HRB(
HU5?60&RA\T4H863TSG%YP=%JB8QI61.K906[#.)TTQ7A9
M1.:6;V6IF92+:'89\X;6H /66=OF55KOT;4$F-W@J+83E?G7PY[YI8\A5+W(






M('
$/1







L9'?X$S9WF4:+/;


ZIA:E-$I)
MW!8
*7.LT6M\O]_A'O:O4QH#/:=N_:+TO$Z_OFX!

M;2X\:E&_4@I
HPB+4N ZW3AI!N.(9EDM$^EOS3M!\O[5P1#3UVK0IO&%A0IJ
M@#+7&9^5E-F
4N8Z*FJBQ2YAC0OOY(XV-?:JT7I\6+;#C-=9(P#D?Y22_X+D
MOTY_3I+_5!





M7Q5:AWS4\&Z[1&_S(*N\Q5$E9X!CI6$?*OE\_B7.R[F,^]B3:7TWGN/7FQ


.8RE= YCLG

FY-GJE^B;]8^-RLW7ZUHSU1#K:I1R
M)4($^WOQ!(#J8+F;/PR-8\=9/,XFRI;Y/]^J[^+_$ .%!X:FP!?9\OY@BI6
MEL8;#9+0?7.@M#6:NH[]PO?W^$0I,13A2USHQPG%[=85S
[BABY0).X^ ]4

-?&Y-=3N.4R4:;]_=PG*U#DZ$C
ZUG
M^S&&*R;?DA/3PJL PE5I
=-^EY*.JI#ZX*SIT#;T1X

?3Y^Z)'-+Q#6
8

+^':)R<-UN[5
M[M*@MI<;9H;00;EJ6@.L)70K_]@DQTU(G(*'
CLZZP:FAJ V&G9O30

MC+SH





)KN\
M22YF4764NJ6S/J

[?\




M7==.E:NO)^?UJE*I5B^_-F[JC8_*6?WZ(IVQ&.'LY0\L??W:(Q(Q)BDWF$G
MMN;H:(;(;#W:)'^V'.5WV$/% IFF*94VF)NN08,6J[;3%V':7QTA8RDONP;

M
(N+818RUZ?QA/(6%T G+9?YH\I7H;]E_WBG:/3X*6NS7HLY2CY+I1R9_3UD




#K

Q

M%]%74FZ-KD]2K]\M)U[VHW6-SSL)1NOH10X)93VBNMC=UD# 8%-2#@U%'T

M&2:*/WK?9#SL[UT ][1J0;/(D@D;AUVAT8N1P0  ,K(_L7]J69KJV

MO.$)E6D3\92DVW@HJ#[;IJ_#2JA-=*1M_CU14P]+=(3F4#J.W:-=PF[A]!C7


MAC^(JF^
2P.ES\L:(I96QW!ZBA


^+@*




MC9N!CFTJ]@.$.Z!C]P%IB=C$Q*




MHS@5.&J71CE2+0$RZ'21'J)_#C8#WO28$D?1C#0[0]57&RYP GLP=+HA
MP$U][LP!W_50(7

M'ZT+?'.WC; 7\(AV@KT:


;N


M'$TACX(]H67.V







)X.NH:N

Y



R&Z\4

M7H!RUR1-C@IYM50N+DRCN0D1^/EY/$7N=.0F(8&*F;)ZM(0$6A:[*UB:4PR5

MA_-ZY:1^7K^IUYI*I7&J-#]5KFN?+L]/:]?-H OBEZ_UF^_;B(7M@B:.)K)1

*M=KRDI
3C:9
M(6Q!KP6Y$= B WX-#6]3\KV







3J
M=C#I*^]GP)& $51OG$74.7_!FP]'I2
U'YMQBM[X(^-QZ9

M:J?9RDEU\%=/3_I$%S2/XD\TFU'SA8):+





G'::[KY'B#Y


YS
MV2J-KUR=?^406'C!%#:01GCPY&+$




+.CE+0O=2


7\F \27I_71\_FMH/
MZ_MU83$(YD7REG@NT*44*8FLXB/$).TP5;#DWV!LVE8'[8X(S27Z?SL=I[_


?PN:
J? ;8B.OT5ZW\_,^UW;U )V-Z:$0&@7[%!S@[$
.T
OB

M;@Z2+


MD'+\^OU[-ZL]W@R.DVQKNWH#D\@^**R3J++\!?I@S**#M/U)BO;=;XPB)A4E
M
62EF#\\PEDK^


W;?6DQ?/J$H@!!.PQWO+;Q]<W8F'NEP$.3

M.W=45G-S-(EX%?.


M! UI[ZW-0S/+*VK8ECU
9'+J7K2S_B!O#HZ_YBROL$QA_7)WDG'DGV(02.^W



M7/]5*LQG1/V&

M6&2KVS'-=*6UJS]_W%5J!;8E%ZZ7OQ5S













#U
MW<-0-C\Z6G^
EQ1Q^:QV_*:S*- +(QH7&6+@;[B0]M&(([#WU:B
WMXO*Z3







MWR[#.9O96L-YWAVL:/JG=FL*30K-(G9K:=1:P[Y78%?IETY5
\T867[[?/E-
M^URJ


].@F'5T^







DM4(M1NGY_L



ZQ^%


:6&K:*&I*M'LD &1Z79
M?==2
M@&


\I.'D/UK]S-!
XQZ%!S%Z7
M*1W# D/7@$]=:4&[AX#X#PEOMI@_/
(]XQ]+AX71T
:*FX_%#P#]_PX.E#.#

M[



MHHZK:FY7.3/MQ^$;*?


ZMI4PH)G8[1]9&LM N=(8$WJ



I*Z3AV3PF@5D*P

_3AL-YY^GO_-+T
&D1FS6@5





*LT2U=





KSG.G#D6MWQ62)S%$78Q

3MX/']PVZ7--)X2


M]N0S


]J)DU8^0H2SE7I@#\#19FSB-6



M'8DQO$

M(-)^/OMX\MD]L=T26\

M*^_R





M.%-B4];4A/%B0Y*F1K
YE_ '?X%992\MG%:^!5
^5K/EQ?LXI+/N7@?]O)1R




)Y20VH;2'


]





M8=V.W?8)J2
02R

M.V#$_3U\5K
LVX=U=?X*O^62U^



&_*IMP375USC&M)!=U&;V:]-
B
M^K!E\Y5T(;9M
!(

'T#0AF\
MO4^JQVZ1C8PI3HK3*+JIH^AE2V7$ 0J&L;QVB[ G_I\I M2K*Q&Y0+[0I4GP


K]^%BZV3JI&T:#:#&$XO_0 2;
#0M_OP A5!4/B(
MG0+^R0
^GZUDLOD





7N/(JH6^2ISLK/-W9'*.K
+4KKQ FYE1G=G2 =TBN3J162+(O





M9




M&ZFJDJ F+\[09&OU#.
)UM/1!@:M?L#6Z


9HIEW^5KY)E11+^)VR1S'UU#[[<DVV&V-$3K#SN
MI(


AW-\]@40*-DCP*+!@T.MGV3WB(_1];


M]GNQ5NYV8#







246

;^XKT)+O1$(Q4=6*:\RA[C

M2E\'\P'OOJ2_V8 B*^@I2\1()9(#_^UQ+W@ J0XG6-9A?2N]GY445=;XXGC
M4$ +MC&BPWLKXN]=0]\!3^YHB@GW6H5=*NG?Q'$I#FX27@/LU-XC)?#IX



;
M//

$
MT)GF0O!_83='=N6
X0'?R(5.

MH/)




GYN *+3YRE1CNQP@= \
MKC/T.Q%V+S9Z@]DI)!TL#)$[1%

+1' D'8Z
A


MU^GW
J

*FC@WQR2MM$3)@(V&'':VI:LK3





#
MMB$$;;

M49&CCV^!RHE5GZHQ3L:+UE4]#; +E)5IVA*QD%F/D!8R*R@

L'!UO8  7A Z/

G\2?


I*S+9@U D6G;H;W$$F\Q
4!Z


P0\PD9FDDL

M4F@$0*BC\+VHM6K49 733N.T(N%=C9J

D+XDP#Y$Q10
MMI#HP.OH0(_#V56M5\SLA(WQ3(G4+W;.@+ =&630)=#H,KW95EP,,9!/M2C0
MX9E!5EW#K:'?;Q(M,$C=S91R98ZJ7,I5[L=7N[\O]-%=YG <HKC1_ETL+1+
M^!-U_#DK;(OI^=%_)EOBDD9W:4?N;+\J?(F@*9.I_)IS.5S205D?^'\8L_


 \3DLJ@T5GLNTZPY16575R941F^6RIB:KC%&1YVM
4K7
MT-PJXX1F

MV%@QG2T5TL5
.9F-B?^\M\:(9#$=/?O5*B.T9'YS@O#]N-BNC[M')P]7'?T3




/@N^;# \^MU?J
YMD++?8G
AGZO70(R):2

I9WBQ()/O 6J' [R! 1O=]J
0NUB$
MKL
64.E&31NQ$TG5/4L#N +Z


I@*-Z
08E*S=F_*
M\.^\J?ETL5!



EV6D=!&RB^7.&Y

@D&K'D#J#%62ERH&&ORC8$NA\


MFN2 
+M,?<840
M(.3ZR(XQXXN.98@FFZ9%@Z$D%J\71)3C0%F%_%*)( B8$
Q?A34VZ):2+:0






M=$XX?Z19$S



MW(_CR?S1?#.Q#-&A7W1 A6;I.^320U#HZ(@;M#7Q&F*0KG/VZ;!=U0/G.$Q
MK0@2]UW(2XID,P70UU79'_?$L0^V[M@7]]BMMP3)LT+-TXY#&@QUP?NQZ7K






AS&8'K11=:5U

4
0!*7] 3)LCW@)JMT:V2#D?H!05-!=

M^?K@J\3&4





$ESTU+*5A4W-=F)2%Z?6



ME@5I:1
0=9 +_]:9Q0VU9&TJ:\.


C=
MO8
-X3?X!U*-Y(5T81:^ W2I+ 4I(-$?
34YIT[0.+AJ1[C#H0M( ATG!U


M^Q/O[0P[;P9=QUU'8FSQAEK8HUGN@/)!Z)!(65-.BTKC6ABZD%E(*6. :C%D
M4/'&B
ZQA
*5GJ



:409F@K#S4L8@OBVZ@I$^$F#



 .7Y

MNEANR10(::@F=2/%VB%X0'1!/;&TEDSXD-@.TQK6U8 ^&NUK&K;AG@%)'B
=



M.X6ELXRE%S^0P(2=%F+OJRNZ::%LE=P=GT]SKDYPR5#:Z$G;0W)507Y$9YZB
MHG
B1L*+-:QD1AL4O(JG;Q$C91PM\8L[3I)*I0-AIWC0QMKI;\AJ1M0$
MO
H69H4D^[),P/JMK BFYU[H\UT.-AF9$@E)XYS(R\HW[)]^['Q_[1WVG
M4L]WG]1P;!S/WZN'EG#TT/C;

MH3RDQ=CW-K&+U%$TBQHHK#/_SB_3A[8^SZI\9-\:+Y+L3X?AY9Z4P!#KD&
M+')=0.X PA-6%'(0-&21D!5
[)X_A0H'/.H3T*6$*YAM JGN4$3]ITI(8:S%
M6P^!O15K-(!H O. 
#NISM%%UF]$L5VC[B^2%)2&'1&-
:8IEZ;D(6P[EN4

N2@ J5'0(HRX9:
8Z?








K1 \D#SO^


M-C05^




M8I]13CE]=53V)'MGH#$SL.]-7'_191Z



/

M]JEU#/0)K3'R
'AO!I;G'E_3VP#B D4V_S[N5HWLSC0V$<.X@2:&[
\?3

(JBF$%-83G

M5NJN)XJ9%6NF:5BF

MW&C+:UL/+FTLQ+@J2N9Z_WY\=GK0ORV.+[;VOH)
J=Z/7ZKCG:UCPQB?%!E#

IK%3JB<]G6?NA^WCL];
M9JMXLKOS50#'G_ST^#4OCZO6XCB@P[5.,SI)?O[/9W)-6CU17=
4@9XHH2

E/'&.@&D9.#TUW4$?PQ!=FM34




MV5#



' W^:W%Z8+I)D6@SHF'J=Z!BD(






M]8U)&_O+@J9^ ;NMSCM1*2&UOBVJ0C#9Q_APPI3_(BAQ5UHT8YFYX7Q5 V


M8(A


M.)Y'

MY*3?AJKROAV61%

M1.EJ[\




\/JBPCM]/C



1HM?1M0X

M8D:*%WZ.T-^NXJ5\Q5?NQ]7^IO&[F-LY.


M X3L0V8B


(C
M*/



'+0R

!




YE;Q+F(GR!:) RKG2DN4\&
MAH.J$'T!TOM0T;[XU?YMF;_X%84@/ W[07O@TO_1
00[@*B-#WKR\*S/3L)@^7/\+ I








WV=/)LSXP%JL;AWD7#7E@DV'X<[#8UD
M@Q.0^%W2Q3B9TK6:XL4O$Z$%9Y6:2R.2%XA &8JP1RM=4H$*/&LM.%
4A

L;XB%

A
M9X*6&1#U97O&]'$/ZPU]Y;J$O22K*_&3?Y=[%ZU/3B6M'5 UE(7!?56O';B;



MM_WB=IF*_0XEP$;; #U28/


MO*HM=T('
$BR?$^



Z:5?$:J<C/OV7PFL1X](BF^YQ&?3!*#G(?_F:;939!E6(PJF7Y
M=-=H95M;M9VGF==BM I%6H3(S<14S_
'-YYN;NZ-!=]O\2\2U$'Z_6.):R)3RZ2(CKD)L;\/IQ!65+ *V
M#+J?!A-/KZY0- :DS$Z@

0RG?Y.Y.APY.]?7



9UK@_[I$^3'



?Q;40P







MMY0GV\1Z
M3NQJ_H6!HIYU4:DPJ$E/@&I6 

?/OI*+S2 \9


MVW6)WYK+P+;KQ.!&E



M+!0^R0D.BH @!A(K-!FP190P^R]?@@W*PGO#L9)LFRIE
^NPIYH&G &/
MS@+\

MT2.@-X+1CNE0U

MC5FG?('(NN@B(I3&E*LH5]=FQ\F6 CHNOJ
8)THP6? +B5[I1=2O]:4^]+&9
(&[;[ -N%
M=$7;G7EPF4K2U5;+4#R3*<F;[YD+N(F<)L8Q11]




G3U0:
%A#RF?K9(U6-LKT5]MR-@

U&JFQ/9D:K5&

MK;(N#N@\D*?5EFPRH5
&(^Y;
 +LV8M#LZ;6H+9T\?GIRU?E0@U:H22EDD

'2?N5P%T-'5%7 '_SE1?7*1_%:4POP2I7#1*(7Y)4KA$J5P

MNMM DL__^1B9_TV(NT#.OWJZHEGY.VX[TP
^ZSPKFZ7*HB:ZR)E!)P28B
2:
M'W9
[FN3RC\X$Q5#/JTN _6N3T)HGY:R_C=(B=P4


1]!5U
Q4Z$KD



M]P:T?\P _V&9]I


M#3XT#64^I8+



X2G()2M]Z.K4VHCL?P .$VU%3
MUD*((*!%M=%CLP3.WW4@

9EB'M
M&L@XY4P@;C'3JQZY/C&MY&XF9UF#=


M-9 ZS&GZ2'.?V
Y@N@:GZ'5



MARI

U]^[5;K9^E

Z_B(M(ZV8S'I1ESO 5@@J.*
YU7/:REF.:':


M=NZZL^1



$_]#G*



MTV+VNV@SVFXS[@B
N.U2U00%L






&8T*KPP9G'&A 
^C-B32@2&M9V10R88S6.-0D\4U
N[LYU[6<R_KN9?UW%^[GOL=@\=5-#:.

M@B-Z1.H33SM&[7D]

ML5!
%S/YF#Z#_\



M?[%Z.;) */*&XCLUN9R7GE$!((5B72CEXD4]HKHLR'D/5O$E2ZJ^ +TV[-45
MT=^@B)[:;/BT94F %@6G6U/*18_Q5Z)0-
 _/S0]+&8Y[;-%M
500(J5FLVNB2BYEH9[$#UWFLY&JF&G=HVF2Q^+H739K@Y(W3)\X+](
MQWP]M6Q\3H:U%4]4&U'

U)#^M!24^YH*


QSR:<SI4F'5I2(@/DAIWC!

@L


/-BQGP@&DF4:0&'FZ4OXF?744

M(&'
#RCQTC@V5EBF



M0%XF$BU*22H)EV:/0CA&V4HTA






B#Z

W@?9B1H=M
M-M=75R*_EQM.P%3H)*HC]!NYD&NS/T??Z0V.7(.P%UH!E$0'L6L]#)5=L
MKJET%H=-MXVA-1)\R!D!@Z:N5WDP5['[ 4?4B8B9TOET/C*&EL1?H+ME^UT

32W#O.

RN'I-L\X

M99R97YK B'=L-F4^[8N$+8N.J;+-NN([3P.MG&^D=J&]&'&@-8F+$O5EA'






M= UN%BC
S'78WH;*6:YJ7:?1?SMR;:HKS2]IN2@9K=N1^7:NW!Z.CL^NR@




MC?QP[WGT?*E]O[9+6\
;SQJ;C[N-NY?:T^:-41S7LGMWY4/-?#@:_AX.7L9/
MI6QNQW5N7[*;7NGV2GLI//R\Z]T=]FYJNYW=G

MCO'S]'CSX2)_TO%N#N\LZ_E





M






M;Q@O_8




GHSY^N2E?UXN%N]N]AO7;;!]G[_:
G7JG

LG[7
MJ-1_EX^/GJZ?KG;*^8QMMK

MI_E

M+_EN[WE0-L:E:O

M=J=S9%W91CY3W[\;&L5]OWMW?'ERU-A^.ML\S)F-O#^ZR@TRO6RWO]/P'MNE


MOMH+  #C:0  $0              @ $     86YD82TR
#(P
3(S

M2P$% ,4     +BU)2GP0#[\*  ! =   %0              @ $)#
M86YD82TR
#(P
3(S

MJ/ ! !4              ( !^Q8  &%N9&$M
C R
#$R
S%?9&5F+GAM;%!+


MG@( %0              @ $-;P  86YD82TR
#(P
3(S


Q+3$N:'1M4$L! A0#%     @ BXM24LX]%)?Q!P  G3\
M  H              ( !%:8  &5X
S$M

