

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-19-004007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20181231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190327
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Andina Acquisition Corp. III
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001691936
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38785
		FILM NUMBER:		19708494
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 WEST 57TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2223
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10107
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-565-3861
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 WEST 57TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2223
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10107








     








UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549 

FORM
10-K 



    
Annual
    Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 


For
the year ended December 31
 2018

Commission
File Number 001-38563

ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)




Cayman
    Islands
    
    

(State
                                         or Other Jurisdiction
of
        Incorporation)
    
(I.R.S.
                                         Employer
Identification
        No.)






Calle
                                         113 # 7-45 Torre B
Oficina
        1012
Bogot&aacute;
        Colombia
    
    

(Address
    of principal executive offices)
    
(zip
    code)



(646)
565-3861
(Issuer&rsquo;s
Telephone Number
 Including Area Code)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:



Title
    of Each Class
    
Name
    of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Units
    each consisting of one ordinary share
 one right
 and one redeemable warrant
    
The
    NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

Ordinary
    Shares
 par value $0.0001 per share
    
The
    NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

Rights
    each to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share
    
The
    NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

Redeemable
    warrants
 exercisable for ordinary shares at a price of $11.50 per share
    
The
    NASDAQ Stock Market LLC


Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes[&nbsp;&nbsp;]  No
[X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirement for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect;229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of the registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting
company
 or emerging growth company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo;
&ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



Large
    accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
Accelerated
    filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Non-accelerated
    filer [X]
Smaller
    reporting company [X]

    
Emerging
    growth company [X]


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
Yes
[X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

As
of June 30
 2018
 the last business day of the registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 the registrant&rsquo;s
ordinary shares were not publicly traded. Accordingly
 there was no market value for the registrant&rsquo;s ordinary shares on
such date.

As
of March 21
 2019
 13
895
000 ordinary shares
 par value $0.0001 per share
 were issued and outstanding.

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: The information contained in the registrant&rsquo;s prospectus dated January 28
 2019
 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 29
 2019
 pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) (SEC File Nos. 333-228530) is incorporated
into certain portions of Parts I
 II
 and III
 as disclosed herein.






    
    


ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III 
FORM
10-K
TABLE
OF CONTENTS





    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Item 5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
    

    
    

    
    

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.
    

    
    

    
    

PART
    IV 
    

Item 15. Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules.
    

    
    








    
    


PART
I

ITEM
1. BUSINESS

In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the &ldquo;Form 10-K&rdquo;)
 references to the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; and to &ldquo;we
&rdquo;
&ldquo;us
&rdquo; and &ldquo;our&rdquo; refer to Andina Acquisition Corp. III

We
are a Cayman Islands company incorporated on July 29
 2016 as an exempted company with limited liability. Exempted companies are
Cayman Islands companies wishing to conduct business outside the Cayman Islands and
 as such
 are exempted from complying with
certain provisions of the Companies Law. As an exempted company
 we have applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking
from the Cayman Islands government that
 in accordance with section 6 of the Tax Concessions Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman
Islands
 for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking
 no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any
tax to be levied on profits
 income
 gains or appreciations shall apply to us or our operations and
 in addition
 that no tax
to be levied on profits
 income
 gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax shall be payable
(i) on or in respect of our shares
 debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a
payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest
or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us.

We
were incorporated for the purpose of entering into a merger
 share exchange
 asset acquisition
 share purchase
 recapitalization
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. Our efforts to identify a prospective
target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic location
 although we are currently focusing our search
for target businesses in the Americas. While we expect to explore target businesses throughout the Americas that our management
team finds attractive
 our management team&rsquo;s most extensive experience is with companies in Latin America. Within Latin
America
 we intend to focus on the countries with stable political and macro-economic frameworks which include: Brazil
 Chile
Colombia
 Chile
 Mexico and Peru. We intend to capitalize on opportunities presented by high growth rates within these countries.

In
July and August 2016
 we issued an aggregate of 2
875
000 ordinary shares (&ldquo;insider shares&rdquo;) to B. Luke Weil
 our
Chairman
 for an aggregate purchase price of $25
000
 or approximately $0.009 per share. Subsequent to such date
 Mr. Weil transferred
shares to other individuals and entities
 including the underwriters in our initial public offering (&ldquo;IPO&rdquo;)
 for the
same price originally paid for such shares.

On
January 31
 2019
 we consummated the IPO of 10
800
000 units
 including 800
000 units subject to the underwriters&rsquo; over-allotment
option. Each unit consisted of one ordinary share
 one right to receive one-tenth of one ordinary share
 and one redeemable warrant
with each warrant entitling the holder to purchase one ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share. The units were sold at an
offering price of $10.00 per unit
 generating gross proceeds of $108
000
000.

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the IPO
 we consummated the private placement (&ldquo;Private Placement&rdquo;) of 395
000 Units (&ldquo;Private
Units&rdquo;) at a price of $10.00 per Private Unit
 generating total proceeds of $3
950
000
 to certain of our initial shareholders
and the joint book-running managers of the IPO and their respective affiliates. The Private Units are identical to the units sold
in the IPO
 except that the warrants underlying the Private Units are non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis
in each case so long as they continue to be held by the initial shareholders or their permitted transferees. The purchasers of
the Private Units have agreed (A) to vote the ordinary shares underlying the Private Units in favor of any proposed business combination
(B) not to propose
 or vote in favor of
 an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association with
respect to our pre-business combination activities prior to the consummation of such a business combination unless we provide
public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares in connection with any such vote
 (C) not to convert any
ordinary shares underlying the Private Units for cash from the trust account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve
a proposed initial business combination or a vote to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association relating to shareholders&rsquo; rights or pre-business combination activity
 and (D) that the ordinary shares underlying
the Private Units shall not participate in any liquidating distribution from the trust account upon winding up if a business combination
is not consummated. The purchasers of Private Units have also agreed not to transfer
 assign or sell any of the Private Units
or underlying securities (except to certain permitted transferees) until the completion of our initial business combination.


    
    


Transaction
costs amounted to $3
204
451
 consisting of $2
700
000 of underwriting fees and $504
451 of offering costs. In addition
 $715
097
of cash was held outside of the trust account established in connection with the IPO and was available for working capital purposes.

For
further details regarding our business
 see the section titled &ldquo;Proposed Business&rdquo; contained in our prospectus dated
January 28
 2019
 incorporated by reference herein.

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS

For
the risks relating to our operations
 see the section titled &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; contained in our prospectus dated January
28
 2019
 incorporated by reference herein.

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

Not
applicable.

ITEM
2. PROPERTY

We
maintain our principal executive offices at Calle 113 # 7-45 Torre B
 Oficina 1012
 Bogot&aacute;
 Colombia. This space is being
provided to us at no cost by a third party affiliated with Julio Torres
 our Chief Executive Officer and one of our directors.
We consider our current office space
 combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers
 adequate
for our current operations.

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS



ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not
applicable.


    
    


PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
units
 ordinary shares
 right
 and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market (&ldquo;Nasdaq&rdquo;) under the symbols ANDAU
ANDA
 ANDAR and ANDAW
 respectively. Our units commenced public trading on January 29
 2019 and since the ordinary shares
 rights
and warrants commenced separate public trading on March 6
 2019.




As
of March 21
 2019
 there were 13 holder of record of our units
 18 holders of record of our ordinary shares
 1 holder of record
of our rights
 and 1 holder of record of our warrants.



We
have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion
of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be contingent upon our revenues and earnings
 if any
capital requirements
 and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends
subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention
of our board of directors to retain all earnings
 if any
 for use in our business operations and
 accordingly
 our board does
not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. Further
 if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our
initial business combination
 our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection
therewith.

Cayman
Islands Laws Relating to Our Equity Securities

For
a summary of the relevant Cayman Island laws relating to taxation
 foreign exchange controls
 and dividends
 see the section titled
&ldquo;Taxation &ndash; Cayman Islands Tax Considerations&rdquo; contained in our prospectus dated January 28
 2019
 incorporated
by reference herein.

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities

In
July and August 2016
 we issued an aggregate of 2
875
000 ordinary shares to our initial shareholders for an aggregate purchase
price of $25
000
 or approximately $0.009 per share
 in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration
contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (&ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;).&#9;

On
January 31
 2019
we consummated the IPO of 10
800
000
units
 including 800
000 units subject to the underwriters&rsquo; over-allotment option. Each unit consisted of one ordinary share
one right to receive one-tenth of one ordinary share
 and one redeemable warrant
 with each warrant entitling the holder to purchase
one ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share. The units were sold at an offering price of $10.00 per unit
 generating gross
proceeds of $108
000
000. Cowen and Company
 LLC and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC acted as joint book-running managers of the

statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-228530) which became effective under Section 8(a) of the Securities Act on January 24
 2019.


    
    


Simultaneously
with the consummation of the IPO
 we consummated the Private Placement of 395
000 Private Units at a price of $10.00 per Private
Unit
 generating total proceeds of $3
950
000
 to certain of our initial shareholders and the joint book-running managers of the
IPO and their respective affiliates. This issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act. The Private Units are identical to the units sold in the IPO
 except that the warrants underlying the Private
Units are non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis
 in each case so long as they continue to be held by the initial
shareholders or their permitted transferees. The purchasers of the Private Units have agreed (A) to vote the ordinary shares underlying
the Private Units in favor of any proposed business combination
 (B) not to propose
 or vote in favor of
 an amendment to our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association with respect to our pre-business combination activities prior to the
consummation of such a business combination unless we provide public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their public
shares in connection with any such vote
 (C) not to convert any ordinary shares underlying the Private Units for cash from the
trust account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination or a vote to amend the
provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders&rsquo; rights or pre-business
combination activity
 and (D) that the ordinary shares underlying the Private Units shall not participate in any liquidating distribution
from the trust account upon winding up if a business combination is not consummated. The purchasers of Private Units have also
agreed not to transfer
 assign or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except to certain permitted transferees)
until the completion of our initial business combination.

Transaction
costs amounted to $3
204
451
 consisting of $2
700
000 of underwriting fees and $504
451 of offering costs. In addition
 $715
097
of cash was held outside of the trust account established in connection with the IPO and was available for working capital purposes.

We
intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account
 including any amounts representing interest earned on
the trust account not previously released to us (less taxes payable and deferred underwriting commissions) to complete our initial
business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay our franchise and income taxes
 if any
 and up to $100
000 for our working
capital requirements. To the extent that our equity or debt is used
 in whole or in part
 as consideration to complete our initial
business combination
 the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations
of the target business or businesses
 make other acquisitions
 and pursue our growth strategies.

We
intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses
 perform business
due diligence on prospective target businesses
 travel to and from the offices
 plants
 or similar locations of prospective target
businesses or their representatives or owners
 review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses
and structure
 negotiate
 and complete a business combination.

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Note
required for smaller reporting companies.

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of the Company&rsquo;s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in &ldquo;Item 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data&rdquo; of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis
set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these
forward-looking statements as a result of many factors
 including those set forth under &ldquo;Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements
&rdquo; &ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors&rdquo; and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.


    
    




We
are a blank check company formed on July 29
 2016 for the purpose of entering into a merger
 share exchange
 asset acquisition
stock purchase
 recapitalization
 reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more target businesses. We
intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants
 our capital stock
 debt or a combination of cash
 stock and debt.

The
issuance of additional ordinary shares or preferred shares:




    
may
    significantly reduce the equity interest of our shareholders;

    
    

    
may
    subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if we issue preferred shares with rights senior to those afforded to
    our ordinary shares;

    
    

    
will
    likely cause a change in control if a substantial number of our ordinary shares are issued
 which may affect
 among other
    things
 our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards
 if any
 and most likely will also result in the resignation
    or removal of our present officers and directors; and

    
    

    
may
    adversely affect prevailing market prices for our securities.


Similarly
if we issue debt securities
 it could result in:



    
default
    and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a business combination are insufficient to pay our debt obligations;

    
    

    
acceleration
    of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we have made all principal and interest payments when due if the debt
    security contains covenants that required the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves and we breach any such covenant
    without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;

    
    

    
our
    immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest
 if any
 if the debt security is payable on demand; and

    
    

    
our
    inability to obtain additional financing
 if necessary
 if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to
    obtain additional financing while such security is outstanding.


Results
of Operations

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from July 29
 2016 (inception)
to December 31
 2018 were organizational activities and those necessary to consummate the IPO
 described below. Following the
IPO
 we do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our business combination. We expect to
generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and marketable securities held after the IPO. We expect to
incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal
 financial reporting
 accounting and auditing compliance)
as well as for due diligence expenses.


    
    


For
the year ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 we had a net loss of $14
772 and $424 which consists of operating and formation costs
respectively.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

As
of December 31
 2018
 we had no cash. Until the consummation of the IPO
 our liquidity needs were satisfied through the receipt
of $25
000 from our sale of the Founder Shares
 and unsecured loans from our sponsor.

On
January 31
 2019
 we consummated the IPO of 10
800
000 Units
 which includes a partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment
option in the amount of 800
000 Units
 at a price of $10.00 per Unit
 generating gross proceeds of $108
000
000. Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO
 we consummated the sale of 395
000 Private Units to certain Initial Shareholders and the underwritiers
at a price of $10.00 per unit
 generating gross proceeds of $3
950
000.

Following
the IPO and the sale of the Private Units
 a total of $108
000
000 was placed in the Trust Account and
 following the payment
of certain transaction expenses
 we had approximately $715
000 of cash held outside of the Trust Account and available for working
capital purposes. We incurred $3
204
451 in IPO related costs
 including $2
700
000 of underwriting fees and $504
451 of other
costs.

We
intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account
 including any amounts representing interest earned on
the trust account (less taxes payable) to complete our initial Business Combination. We may withdraw interest from the trust account
to pay franchise and income taxes. To the extent that our equity or debt is used
 in whole or in part
 as consideration to complete
our initial business combination
 the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance
the operations of the target business or businesses
 make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies.


we entered into a letter agreement with a member of our board of directors that provides for a success fee to be paid to such
director upon consummation of a Business Combination with a target business introduced to us by such director in an amount equal
to 0.6% of the total consideration paid by us in the transaction
 subject to certain minimum and maximum amounts set forth in
the agreement.


 we entered
into several letter agreements with unaffiliated third parties that provide for a success fee to be paid to each such third party
upon consummation of a Business Combination with a target business introduced to us by such third party in amounts ranging from
0.75% to 1% of the total consideration paid by us in the transaction
 subject to certain minimum and maximum amounts set forth
in the various agreements.


We
intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses
 perform business
due diligence on prospective target businesses
 travel to and from the offices
 plants or similar locations of prospective target
businesses or their representatives or owners
 review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses
and structure
 negotiate and complete a business combination.

We
do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business prior
to our initial business combination. However
 if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business
 undertaking in-depth
due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so
 we may have
insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our business combination. Moreover
 we may need to obtain additional
financing either to complete our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public
shares upon completion of our business combination
 in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection
with such business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient
funds available to us
 we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account.

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations

We
have no obligations
 assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31
 2018. We
do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships
 often referred
to as variable interest entities
 which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements.
We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements
 established any special purpose entities
 guaranteed any
debt or commitments of other entities
 or purchased any non-financial assets.


    
    


Contractual
obligations

We
do not have any long-term debt
 capital lease obligations
 operating lease obligations or long-term.

Critical
Accounting Policies

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of the financial statements
 and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ
from those estimates. We have not identified any critical accounting policies.

Recent
accounting standards

Management
does not believe that any recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting pronouncements
 if currently adopted
 would have
a material effect on our financial statements.

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK



ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

This
information appears following Item 16 of this Report and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.



ITEM
9A. CONTROL AND PROCEDURES

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in company reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;) is
recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to management
 including our Chief Executive Officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


    
    


As
required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried
out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31
2018. Based upon their evaluation
 they concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.

Management&rsquo;s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer
 and effected by our board of directors
 management
 and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (United States). Internal control over financial reporting includes policies
and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of our assets
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (United States)
 that our receipts and
expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of our board of directors and management
 and provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of our assets that could have
a material effect on our financial statements.

Limitations
on the effectiveness of controls

A
control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives
of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within a company have been detected. Our disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving its objectives. Our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective at December 31
 2018.

During
the most recently completed fiscal quarter
 there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has
materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION



PART
III

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

Directors
and Executive Officers

Our
current directors and executive officers are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

Julio
    A. Torres
    
    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer and Director

Mauricio
    Orellana
    
    
    
Chief
    Operating Officer and Director

Marjorie
    Hernandez
    
    
    
    

B.
    Luke Weil
    
    
    
Director
    (Chairman)

Matthew
    S. N. Kibble
    
    
    
    

David
    Schulhof
    
    
    
    



    
    


Julio
 has served as our Chief Executive Officer since August 2018 and as a member of our Board of Directors since
November 2018. Since 2013
 he has been a managing partner at Multiple Equilibria Capital
 a financial advisory firm covering Latin
and Central America. From October 2015 to March 2018
 Mr. Torres served as CEO of Andina Acquisition Corp. II on the deal that
resulted in the merger with Lazydays. Between 2012 and 2013
 Mr. Torres served as the co-CEO and board member of Andina Acquisition
Corp. I. Since the merger with Tecnoglass he has continued as a board member of the merged entity. Prior to that he was managing
director of Nexus Capital Partners
 a private equity firm focused in the infrastructure sector in the Andean region. From 2006
to 2008
 Mr. Torres served with the Colombian Ministry of Finance as director general of public credit and the treasury. He has
also worked in other well recognized institutions in the financial sector such as JP Morgan Chase and is currently a board member
of several companies in the region including Tuscany Oilfield Holdings
 Fiduprevisora
 and Serfinansa. Mr. Torres graduated from
the Universidad de los Andes and received an M.B.A. from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University
and a master in public administration from the J.F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.

We
believe Mr. Torres is well-qualified to serve as a member of our Board due to his contacts and prior experience with Andina I
and Andina II.

Mauricio
has served as our Chief Operating Officer since September 2016 and a member of our Board of Directors since November
2018. Since 2013
 Mr. Orellana has served as a financial consultant to companies in Latin America in the media
 infrastructure
and services sectors. From August 2015 to March 2018
 Mr. Orellana served as Chief Financial Officer and a member of the board
of directors of Andina II. From 2005 to 2013
 Mr. Orellana was a Managing Director at Stephens Inc.
 a private investment banking
firm. From 2000 to 2005
 Mr. Orellana was a Vice President and Managing Director at Cori Capital Partners
 L.P.
 a financial services
firm. Prior to this
 he served as Investment Officer for Emerging Markets Partnership and Inter-American Investment Corporation
each private investment firms. Mr. Orellana received a degree in electrical engineering from the Universidad Central de Venezuela
and an M.B.A. from the Instituto de Education Superior de Administracion.

We
believe Mr. Orellana is well-qualified to serve as a member of our Board due to his contacts and prior experience with Andina
II.

Marjorie
 has served as our Treasurer since September 2016. Ms. Hernandez served as Secretary of Andina II from August
2015 and as Treasurer from October 2015
 in each case until March 2018. She was also an initial investor and advisor to Andina
I. From 2008 to 2015
 Ms. Hernandez served as senior currency strategist for Latin America at HSBC Securities (USA). From 2005
to 2008
 she was the lead macro-economic and political analyst for HSBC
 covering the Andean region. Previously
 she was a public
policy associate at the Council of the Americas
 a forum dedicated to the contemporary political
 social
 and economic issues
in Latin America. Ms. Hernandez received a B.A. from Columbia University.


    
    


B.
 has served as a member of our Board of Directors (Chairman) since our inception and as our Chief Executive Officer
from inception until August 2018. In October 2014
 he founded the Long Island Marine Purification Initiative
 a non-profit foundation
established to improve the water quality on Long Island
 New York
 and has served as its Chairman since such time. In November
2012
 he also co-founded Rios Nete
 a medical clinic in the upper Amazon region of Peru. Mr. Weil served as Chief Executive Officer
of Andina II from its inception in July 2015 until August 2015
 served as a member of its Board of Directors from its inception
until its business combination with Lazy Days&rsquo; R.V. Center
 Inc. (including as Non-Executive Chairman of the Board from
February 2016 until the business combination) and has served as a director of the newly formed public company
 Lazydays Holdings
Inc.
 since the business combination. From 2008 to 2013
 Mr. Weil was Vice President
 International Business Development &mdash;
Latin America for Scientific Games Corporation
 a supplier of technology-based products
 systems and services to gaming markets
worldwide. From January 2013 until its merger in December 2013
 Mr. Weil served as Chief Executive Officer of Andina 1 and previously
served as a member of its board from September 2011 until March 2012. From January 2004 to January 2006
 Mr. Weil served as an
associate of Business Strategies &amp; Insight
 a public affairs and business consulting firm. From June 2002 to December 2004
Mr. Weil served as an analyst at Bear Stearns. Mr. Weil received a B.A. from Brown University and an M.B.A. from Columbia Business
School.

We
believe Mr. Weil is well-qualified to serve as a member of our Board due to his contacts and prior experience with Andina I and
Andina II.

Matthew
 has served as a member of our Board of Directors since November 2018. In November 2013
 Mr. Kibble founded
Australy International LLC
 a boutique investment bank
 and has served as a Partner since. He also is the founder and Managing
Partner of Kibble Holdings
 a private investment vehicle. Since July 2013
 he has also served as Principal and an advisor to Cap-Meridian
Ventures
 a venture capital firm. From October 2010 to July 2013
 Mr. Kibble was the Founder and Chief Operating Officer of Everlight
Capital
 LLC
 a boutique investment bank. From June 2009 to June 2010
 Mr. Kibble served as Executive Director of The Westrock
Group
 Inc.
 a broker-dealer and asset management firm. From November 2005 to May 2009
 Mr. Kibble was with JPMorgan Securities
Inc. where he worked in the institutional equities and derivatives section. Prior to this
 Mr. Kibble was an analyst at JPMorgan
Chase and GMCG
 LLC. Mr. Kibble is currently a director of Kibble Pet
 Sargon Capital and Selong Selo Developments
 all private
companies. Mr. Kibble served as a member of the Board of Directors of Andina II from August 2015 until its business combination
with Lazy Days&rsquo; R.V. Center
 Inc. Mr. Kibble received a Bachelor of Science and a Bachelor of Commerce from the University
of Queensland in Australia.

We
believe Mr. Kibble is well-qualified to serve as a member of our Board due to his contacts and prior experience with Andina II.

David
 has served as a member of our Board of Directors since November 2018. Mr. Schulhof has served as President of
Music at AGC Studios since January 2018 and is the co-founder and President of IM Global Music which he founded in December 2014.
From March 2012 to November 2014
 he was a Managing Director at G2 Investment Group
 an offshoot of New York private equity firm
Guggenheim Partners
 focusing on the firm&rsquo;s media investments. Prior to G2
 he was the Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer
of Evergreen Copyrights from January 2005 through December 2010
 which pursued a global acquisition strategy. Mr. Schulhof and
his partners built Evergreen into one of the leading independent music publishing companies worldwide and in 2010 sold Evergreen
to KKR/BMG Rights Management. Before launching Evergreen
 from 1997 to 2004
 he was Vice President of Motion Picture Music at
Miramax and Dimension Films. Prior to joining Miramax
 he was a lawyer at the law offices of Pryor Cashman Sherman and Flynn
representing film
 music and TV clients. He began his career at Interscope Records. Mr. Schulhof served as Director of MI Acquisitions
Inc.
 a blank check company that successfully completed a business combination with Priority Holdings LLC. Mr. Schulhof received
a B.A. from Georgetown University and a J.D. from the NYU School of Law.


    
    


We
believe Mr. Schulhof is well-qualified to serve as a member of our Board due to his prior experience including with MI Acquisitions
Inc.

Our
board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class serving
a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors
 consisting of David Schulhof
 will expire at our first
annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the second class of directors
 consisting of Mauricio Orellana and Matthew
S. N. Kibble
 will expire at the second annual meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors
 consisting of B. Luke
Weil and Julio Torres
 will expire at the third annual meeting.

Director
Independence

Our
board has determined that each of B. Luke Weil
 Matthew S. N. Kibble and David Schulhof is an &ldquo;independent director&rdquo;
under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings
at which only independent directors are present.

Any
affiliated transactions will be on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Our board of
directors will review and approve all affiliated transactions with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval.

Audit
Committee

Effective
January 28
 2019
 we established an audit committee of the board of directors
 in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange
Act
 which consists of Messrs. Weil
 Kibble and Schulhof
 each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq&rsquo;s listing
standards. The audit committee&rsquo;s duties
 which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter
 include
 but are not limited
to:



    
    
reviewing
    and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements
 and recommending to the
    board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K;

    
    
    

    
    
discussing
    with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the
    preparation of our financial statements;

    
    
    

    
    
discussing
    with management major risk assessment and risk management policies;

    
    
    

    
    
monitoring
    the independence of the independent auditor;

    
    
    

    
    
verifying
    the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner
    responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law;

    
    
    

    
    
reviewing
    and approving all related-party transactions;

    
    
    

    
    
inquiring
    and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

    
    
    

    
    
pre-approving
    all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor
 including the fees and terms
    of the services to be performed;



    
    




    
    
appointing
    or replacing the independent auditor;

    
    
    

    
    
determining
    the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management
    and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related
    work;

    
    
    

    
    
establishing
    procedures for the receipt
 retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting
 internal accounting
    controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and

    
    
    

    
    
approving
    reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses.


Financial
Experts on Audit Committee

The
audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of &ldquo;independent directors&rdquo; who are &ldquo;financially literate&rdquo;
as defined under Nasdaq&rsquo;s listing standards. In addition
 we must certify to Nasdaq that the committee has
 and will continue
to have
 at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting
 requisite professional certification
in accounting
 or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual&rsquo;s financial sophistication. The
board of directors has determined that Mr. Weil qualifies as an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert
&rdquo; as defined under
rules and regulations of the SEC.

Nominating
Committee

Effective
January 28
 2019
 we established a nominating committee of the board of directors
 which consists of Messrs. Weil
 Kibble and
Schulhof
 each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq&rsquo;s listing standards. The nominating committee is responsible
for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers
persons identified by its members
 management
 shareholders
 investment bankers and others.

Guidelines
for Selecting Director Nominees

The
guidelines for selecting nominees
 which are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter
 generally provide that persons to
be nominated:



    
    
should
    have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business
 education or public service;

    
    
    

    
    
should
    possess the requisite intelligence
 education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors
    and bring a range of skills
 diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and

    
    
    

    
    
should
    have the highest ethical standards
 a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the
    shareholders.


The
Nominating Committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience
 background
 and
integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person&rsquo;s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating
committee may require certain skills or attributes
 such as financial or accounting experience
 to meet specific board needs that
arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse
mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons.


    
    


There
have been no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors.

Compensation
Committee

Effective
January 28
 2019
 we established a compensation committee of the board of directors
 which consists of Messrs. Weil
 Kibble and
Schulhof
 each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq&rsquo;s listing standards. The compensation committee&rsquo;s duties
which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter
 include
 but are not limited to:



    
    
reviewing
    and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer&rsquo;s compensation
    evaluating our Chief Executive Officer&rsquo;s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving
    the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation;

    
    
    

    
    
reviewing
    and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers;

    
    
    

    
    
reviewing
    our executive compensation policies and plans;

    
    
    

    
    
implementing
    and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;

    
    
    

    
    
assisting
    management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;

    
    
    

    
    
approving
    all special perquisites
 special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers
    and employees;

    
    
    

    
    
if
    required
 producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and

    
    
    

    
    
reviewing
    evaluating
 and recommending changes
 if appropriate
 to the remuneration for directors.


Code
of Ethics

Effective
January 28
 2019
 we adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers
 directors
 and employees. The code
of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers
 directors
 and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of
our equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Officers
directors
 and ten percent stockholders are required by regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.
Based solely on copies of such forms received or written representations from certain reporting persons that no Form 5s were required
for those persons
 we believe that
 during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2018
 all filing requirements applicable to our
officers
 directors
 and greater than ten percent beneficial owners were complied with.


    
    


ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Executive
Compensation

No
executive officer has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We may pay consulting
 finder or success fees
to our officers
 directors
 shareholders or their affiliates for assisting us in consummating our initial business combination.
They will also receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf
such as identifying potential target businesses
 performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business
combinations
 as well as traveling to and from the offices
 plants
 or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine
their operations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us.

After
our initial business combination
 members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
 management
 or other
fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to shareholders
 to the extent then known
 in the
proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders. The amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of a
shareholder meeting held to consider an initial business combination
 as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination
business to determine executive and director compensation. In this event
 such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the
time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K
 as required by the SEC.

Since
our formation
 we have not granted any stock options or stock appreciation rights or any other awards under long-term incentive
plans to any of our executive officers or directors.

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares by:



    
    
each
    person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding ordinary shares;

    
    
    

    
    
each
    of our officers and directors; and

    
    
    

    
    
all
    of our officers and directors as a group.


Unless
otherwise indicated
 we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all
ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of the rights
or warrants included in the units offered in the IPO or the warrants or rights underlying the Private Placement Units
as these rights and warrants are not convertible or exercisable within 60 days of the date hereof.


    
    




    
    
Amount
    and
    

    
    
Nature
    of
Percentage
    of

    
    
    
    

Name
    and Address of Beneficial Owner
    
    
Ordinary
    Shares

Julio
    A. Torres
    
201
981
    

Mauricio
    Orellana
    
180
490
    

Marjorie
    Hernandez
    
160
436
    

B.
    Luke Weil
    
1
514
680
    

Matthew
    S. N. Kibble
    
5
000
    

David
    Schulhof
    
50
249
    

All
    directors and executive officers as a group (six individuals)
    
2
112
836
    

LWEH3
    LLC
    
598
957
    

Weiss
    Asset Management LP
    
1
124
234
    

AQR
    Capital Management
 LLC
    
1
200
000
    







    
    

    
Unless otherwise indicated
 the business address
    of each of the individuals is Calle 113 # 7-45 Torre B
 Oficina 1012
 Bogot&aacute;
 Colombia.

    
Includes
    55
784 insider shares held by Andina Equity LLC
 of which Mr. Torres is a member and which will vest in full in Mr. Torres
    only upon the happening of certain events. Also includes 69
688 insider shares held by Mr. Torres which will vest in Mr. Torres
    only if he remains affiliated with our company at the time of our initial business combination.

    
Includes
    49
909 insider shares held by Andina Equity LLC
 of which Mr. Orellana is a member and which will vest in full in Mr. Orellana
    only upon the happening of certain events. Also includes 62
703 insider shares held by Mr. Orellana which will vest in Mr.
    Orellana only if he remains affiliated with our company at the time of our initial business combination.

    
Includes
    44
307 insider shares held by Andina Equity LLC
 of which Ms. Hernandez is a member and which will vest in in full in Ms.
    Hernandez only upon the happening of certain events. Also includes 55
328 insider shares held by Ms. Hernandez which will
    vest in Ms. Hernandez only if she remains affiliated with our company at the time of our initial business combination.

    
Includes
    shares held by LWEH3 LLC
 a limited liability company controlled by Mr. Weil. Does not include the vesting shares referred
    to in footnotes 2
 3 and 4 above. Mr. Weil may have a right to some or all of such shares if they do not vest in the individuals
    as indicated therein.

    
This
    entity is controlled by B. Luke Weil.

    
Weiss
    Asset Management LP
 a Delaware limited partnership (&ldquo;Weiss Asset Management&rdquo;)
 BIP GP LLC
 a Delaware limited
    liability company (&ldquo;BIP GP&rdquo;) WAM GP LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (&ldquo;WAM GP&rdquo;)
 and Andrew
    M. Weiss
 Ph.D.
 have a business address of 222 Berkeley St.
 16th Floor
 Boston
 Massachusetts 02116. Weiss Asset Management
    BP GP
 WAM GP and Andrew Weiss have shared voting and dispositive power of all the shares. Shares reported for BIP GP include
    shares beneficially owned by a private investment partnership (the &ldquo;Partnership&rdquo;) of which BIP GP is the sole
    general partner. Weiss Asset Management is the sole investment manager to the Partnership. WAM GP is the sole general partner
    of Weiss Asset Management. Andrew Weiss is the managing member of WAM GP. Shares reported for WAM GP
 Andrew Weiss and Weiss
    Asset Management include shares beneficially owned by the Partnership and BIP GP. Each of BIP GP
 WAM GP
 Weiss Asset Management
    and Andrew Weiss disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares reported herein as beneficially owned by each except to the
    extent of their respective pecuniary interest therein. Information as reported in a Schedule 13G filed on February 8
 2019.

    
AQR
    Capital Management
 LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of AQR Capital Management Holdings
 LLC. CNH Partners
 LLC is deemed
    to be controlled by AQR Capital Management
 LLC. AQR Capital Management
 LLC
 and CNH Partners
 LLC act as investment manager
    to AQR Absolute Return Master Account
 L.P. AQR Principal Global Asset Allocation
 LLC is the general partner of AQR Absolute
    Return Master Account
 L.P. The principal business address of each is Two Greenwich Plaza
 Greenwich
 CT 06830. Information
    as reported in a Schedule 13G filed on February 6
 2019.


All
of the insider shares outstanding prior to our IPO have been placed in escrow with Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company
as escrow agent
 until (1) with respect to 50% of the insider shares
 the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation
of our initial business combination and the date on which the closing price of our ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.50 per
share (as adjusted for share splits
 share dividends
 reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any
30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and (2) with respect to the remaining 50% of the insider
shares
 one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination
 or earlier
 in either case
 if
 subsequent
to our initial business combination
 we consummate a liquidation
 merger
 share exchange or other similar transaction which results
in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash
 securities or other property.

During
the escrow period
 the holders of the insider shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except (i) to any persons
(including their affiliates and members) that participated in the Private Placement of the Private Units
 (ii) for transfers to
our officers
 directors or their respective affiliates (including for transfers to an entity&rsquo;s members upon its liquidation)
(iii) to relatives and trusts for estate planning purposes
 (iv) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death
(v) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order
 (vi) by certain pledges to secure obligations incurred in connection with
purchases of our securities
 (vii) by private sales made at or prior to the consummation of a business combination at prices no
greater than the price at which the shares were originally purchased or (viii) to us for no value for cancellation in connection
with the consummation of our initial business combination
 in each case (except for clause (viii) or with our prior consent) where
the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement
 but will retain all other rights as our shareholders
 including
 without
limitation
 the right to vote their ordinary shares and the right to receive cash dividends
 if declared. If dividends are declared
and payable in ordinary shares
 such dividends will also be placed in escrow. If we are unable to effect a business combination
and liquidate
 there will be no liquidation distribution with respect to the insider shares.

B.
Luke Weil is our &ldquo;promoter
&rdquo; as that term is defined under the federal securities laws.

Equity
Compensation Plans

As
of December 31
 2018
 we had no compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities
of the registrant were authorized for issuance.


    
    


ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


regarding certain relationships and related transactions
 see the section titled &ldquo;Certain Transactions&rdquo; contained
in our prospectus dated January 28
 2019
 incorporated by reference herein.


above
 we entered into a letter agreement with a member of our board of directors that provides for a success fee to be paid to
such director upon consummation of a Business Combination with a target business introduced to us by such director in an amount
equal to 0.6% of the total consideration paid by us in the transaction
 subject to certain minimum and maximum amounts set forth
in the agreement.

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.

The
firm of Marcum LLP acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Marcum
LLP for services rendered.

Audit
Fees

During
the fiscal periods ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 fees for our independent registered public accounting firm
were approximately $97
500 and $37
500
 respectively
 for the services they performed in connection with our IPO and the
audit of our December 31
 2018 and 2017 financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Audit-Related
Fees

During
the fiscal periods ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 our independent registered public accounting firm did not render
assurance and related services related to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements.

Tax
Fees

During
the fiscal periods ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 our independent registered public accounting firm did not render
services to us for tax compliance
 tax advice and tax planning.

All
Other Fees

During
the fiscal periods ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 there were no fees billed for products and services provided
by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above.

Audit
Committee Approval

Because
our audit committee was not formed until January 28
 2019
 the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services
although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. However
in accordance with Section 10A(i) of the Exchange Act
 before we engage our independent registered public accounting firm to render
audit or non-audit services on a going-forward basis
 the engagement will be approved by our audit committee.

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 AND SCHEDULES

(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this report:


Financial
                                         Statements:




    
    

    
    

Financial
    Statements:
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
F-7
    &ndash; F-13







(2)
Financial Statement Schedules:




    
    


(b)
The following Exhibits are filed as part of this report:



    
                                                                        
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Letter Agreement from each of the Registrant&rsquo;s initial shareholders
 officers and directors.**

    
    
    

    
    
Stock Escrow Agreement between the Registrant
 Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company and the Initial Shareholders.*

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    








    
Incorporated
    by reference to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 31
 2019

    
Incorporated
    by reference to the Registrant&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (SEC File No. 333-228530).


ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY




    
    


SIGNATURES


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 day of March
2019.



    
ANDINA
    ACQUISITION CORP. III

    
    
    

    
    
Julio
    Torres

    
    
Julio
    Torres

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer


In
accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
        
        
    
    
Chief
        Executive Officer and Director 
    
    
March
        27
 2019

    
    
(Principal Executive
    Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/

    
Chief
Financial Officer 
    
March
        27
 2019

Mauricio
    Orellana
    
(Principal Financial
    and Accounting Officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
B. Luke Weil
    
    
    
March
        27
 2019

B.
    Luke Weil
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/

    
    
    
March
        27
 2019

Matthew
    S. N. Kibble
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
David Schulhof
        
    
    
    
March
        27
 2019

    
    
    
    
    



    
    



ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    
    

Financial
    Statements:
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
F-7
    &ndash; F-13




    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of
Andina Acquisition Corp. III

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Andina Acquisition Corp. III (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2018
and 2017
 the related statements of operations
 changes in shareholder&rsquo;s equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years ended
December 31
 2018 and 2017
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;financial statements&rdquo;). In our
opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December
31
 2018 and 2017
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis
for Opinion

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the &ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to
error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/
Marcum LLP

Marcum
LLP

We
have served as the Company&rsquo;s auditor since 2016.

New
York
 NY

 2019


    
    


ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III





    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
156
276
35
839

    
156
276
35
839

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
10
075
2
917

    
43
700
    

    
72
239
    

    
34
259
22
147

    
160
273
25
064

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.0001 par value; 1
000
000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding
    
    

Ordinary shares
 $0.0001 par value; 100
000
000 shares authorized; 2
875
000 shares issued and outstanding
    
    

    
24
713
24
713

    
(28
997
(14
225

    
(3
997
10
775

    
156
276
35
839




    
As
    of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 this amount included an aggregate of 375
000 shares that were subject to forfeiture to the
    extent that the underwriters&rsquo; over-allotment option was not exercised in full. As a result of the underwriters&rsquo;
    election to partially exercise their over-allotment option in January 2019
 an aggregate of 200
000 shares were no longer
    subject to forfeiture and 175
000 shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters&rsquo; over-allotment
    was not exercised in full. The remaining over-allotment option expired unexercised on March 17
 2019 (see Note 7).


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


    
    


ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III





    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
14
772
    

    
    
    

    
(14
772
    

    
    
    

Weighted average number of shares outstanding
 basic and diluted 
2
500
000
2
500
000

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
As
    of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 this amount excluded an aggregate of 375
000 shares that were subject to forfeiture to the
    extent that the underwriters&rsquo; over-allotment option was not exercised in full. As a result of the underwriters&rsquo;
    election to partially exercise their over-allotment option in January 2019
 an aggregate of 200
000 shares were no longer
    subject to forfeiture and 175
000 shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters&rsquo; over-allotment
    was not exercised in full. The remaining over-allotment option expired unexercised on March 17
 2019 (see Note 7).


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


    
    


ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III




    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 January 1
 2017
2
875
000
    
24
713
(13
801
11
199

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
 December 31
 2017
2
875
000
    
24
713
(14
225
10
775

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(14
772
(14
772

    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2018
2
875
000
    
24
713
(28
997
(3
997




    
As
    of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 this amount included an aggregate of 375
000 shares that were subject to forfeiture to the
    extent that the underwriters&rsquo; over-allotment option was not exercised in full. As a result of the underwriters&rsquo;
    election to partially exercise their over-allotment option in January 2019
 an aggregate of 200
000 shares were no longer
    subject to forfeiture and 175
000 shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters&rsquo; over-allotment
    was not exercised in full. The remaining over-allotment option expired unexercised on March 17
 2019 (see Note 7).


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


    
    


ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III




    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(14
772
    

    
    
    

    
7
158
(5
884

    
(7
614
(6
308

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
72
239
    

    
12
112
6
308

    
(76
737
    

    
7
614
6
308

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
43
700
    


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


    
    


ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III


 2018

Note
1 &mdash; Organization and Plan of Business Operations

Andina
Acquisition Corp. III (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on July 29
 2016 as a blank check company
for the purpose of effecting a merger
 share exchange
 asset acquisition
 share purchase
 recapitalization
 reorganization or
other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (a &ldquo;Business Combination&rdquo;). The Company&rsquo;s
efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region
 although
the Company initially intends to focus on target businesses in the Americas.

At
December 31
 2018
 the Company had not yet commenced operations. All activity through December 31
 2018 relates to the Company&rsquo;s
formation and its initial public offering (the &ldquo;Initial Public Offering&rdquo;)
 which is described below. The Company is
subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies.

Initial
Public Offering

The
registration statement for the Initial Public Offering was declared effective on January 24
 2019 pursuant to Section 8(a) of
the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended. On January 31
 2019
 the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 10
800
000
units (the &ldquo;Units&rdquo; and
 with respect to the ordinary shares included in the Units offered
 the &ldquo;Public Shares&rdquo;)
which includes a partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 800
000 Units
 at $10.00
per Unit
 generating gross proceeds of $108
000
000
 which is described in Note 3.

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering
 the Company consummated the sale of 395
000 units (the &ldquo;Private Units&rdquo;)
at a price of $10.00 per Unit in a private placement (the &ldquo;Private Placement&rdquo;) to certain shareholders
 or their affiliates
(collectively
 the &ldquo;Initial Shareholders&rdquo;) and the underwriters
 generating gross proceeds of $3
950
000
 which is
described in Note 4.

Transaction
costs amounted to $3
204
451
 consisting of $2
700
000 of underwriting fees and $504
451 of offering costs. In addition
 as of
January 31
 2019
 $715
097 of cash was held outside of the Trust Account (defined below) and is available for working capital
purposes.

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering on January 31
 2019
 an amount of $108
000
000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds
of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Units was placed in a trust account (the &ldquo;Trust
Account&rdquo;)
 which has been invested in U.S. government securities
 within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the
Investment Company Act of 1940
 as amended (the &ldquo;Investment Company Act&rdquo;)
 with a maturity of 180 days or less or
in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment
Company Act
 as determined by the Company
 until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution
of the Trust Account to its shareholders
 as described below.

The
Company&rsquo;s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public
Offering and sale of the Private Units
 although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward
consummating a Business Combination. Placing funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against
the Company. Although the Company will seek to have all vendors
 service providers
 prospective target businesses or other entities
it engages
 execute agreements with the Company waiving any claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account
 there
is no guarantee that such persons will execute such agreements. One of the Company&rsquo;s directors has agreed to be personally
liable if the Company liquidates the Trust Account prior to the consummation of a Business Combination to ensure that the proceeds
held in the Trust Account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed
money by the Company for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to the Company. However
 such director may not be
able to satisfy those obligations should they arise. The remaining net proceeds (not held in the Trust Account) may be used to
pay for business
 legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses.
Additionally
 the interest earned on the Trust Account balance may be released to the Company to pay the Company&rsquo;s tax obligations
and up to $100
000 may be released to pay for the Company&rsquo;s working capital obligations
 including any necessary liquidation
or dissolution expenses.

In
order to meet its working capital needs following the consummation of the Initial Public Offering
 the Company&rsquo;s Initial
Shareholders
 officers and directors or their affiliates may
 but are not obligated to
 loan the Company funds
 from time to time
or at any time
 in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory
note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of the Company&rsquo;s initial Business Combination
 without interest
or
 at the lender&rsquo;s discretion
 up to $500
000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of the Company&rsquo;s initial
Business Combination into additional Private Units at a price of $10.00 per unit. In the event that the initial Business Combination
does not close
 the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts
but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment.


    
    


ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III


 2018

Initial
Business Combination

Pursuant
to the Nasdaq Capital Markets listing rules
 the Company&rsquo;s initial Business Combination must be with a target business or
businesses whose collective fair market value is at least equal to 80% of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of the
execution of a definitive agreement for such Business Combination
 although this may entail simultaneous acquisitions of several
target businesses. The fair market value of the target will be determined by the Company&rsquo;s board of directors based upon
one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales
 earnings
 cash flow and/or
book value). The target business or businesses that the Company acquires may have a collective fair market value substantially
in excess of 80% of the Trust Account balance. In order to consummate such a Business Combination
 the Company may issue a significant
amount of its debt or equity securities to the sellers of such business and/or seek to raise additional funds through a private
offering of debt or equity securities. There are no limitations on the Company&rsquo;s ability to incur debt or issue securities
in order to consummate a Business Combination. Since the Company has no specific Business Combination under consideration
 the
Company has not entered into any arrangement to issue debt or equity securities. If the net proceeds of Initial Public Offering
prove to be insufficient
 either because of the size of the Business Combination
 the depletion of the available net proceeds
in search of a target business
 or the obligation to convert a significant number of shares from shareholders into cash
 the Company
will be required to seek additional financing in order to complete its initial Business Combination. In addition
 if the Company
consummates a Business Combination
 it may require additional financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business.
The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the
target business. None of the Company&rsquo;s officers
 directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to the Company
in connection with or after a Business Combination.

In
connection with any proposed initial Business Combination
 the Company will either (1) seek shareholder approval of such initial
Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public shareholders may seek to convert their Public Shares
regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed Business Combination
 into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account (net of taxes payable) or (2) provide public shareholders with the opportunity to sell their
Public Shares to the Company by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal
to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (net of taxes payable)
 in each case subject
to the limitations described herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the Initial Shareholders have agreed
 pursuant to written
letter agreements with the Company
 not to convert any Public Shares held by them into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account. If the Company determines to engage in a tender offer
 such tender offer will be structured
so that each public shareholder may tender any or all of his
 her or its Public Shares rather than some pro rata portion of his
her or its shares. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or
will allow shareholders to sell their Public Shares to it in a tender offer will be made by the Company based on a variety of
factors such as the timing of the transaction
 whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require it to seek shareholder
approval or whether the Company is deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require us to conduct a tender offer rather
than seeking shareholder approval under the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) rules). If the Company
engages in a tender offer in connection with an initial Business Combination
 the Company will file tender offer documents with
the SEC
 which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial Business Combination as is
required under the SEC&rsquo;s proxy rules. The Company will consummate an initial Business Combination only if it has net tangible
assets of at least $5
000
001 upon such consummation of a Business Combination and
 solely if it seeks shareholder approval
 a
majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. The $5
000
001 net
tangible asset value would be determined once a target business is located and the Company can assess all of the assets and liabilities
of the combined company.

The
Initial Shareholders have agreed (i) to vote their insider shares
 Private Shares (as defined in Note 4) and any Public Shares
purchased in or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of any proposed Business Combination and (ii) not to convert any shares
(including the insider shares) in connection with a shareholder vote to approve
 or sell their shares to the Company in any tender
offer in connection with
 a proposed initial Business Combination.

Failure
to Consummate a Business Combination

Pursuant
to the terms of the Company&rsquo;s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
 failure to consummate a Business
Combination by July 31
 2020 will trigger the automatic winding up
 dissolution and liquidation of the Company. As a result
 this
has the same effect as if the Company had formally gone through a voluntary liquidation procedure under the Cayman Islands Companies
Law. Accordingly
 no vote would be required from shareholders to commence such a voluntary winding up
 dissolution and liquidation.
The holders of the insider shares will not participate in any liquidation distribution from the Trust Account with respect to
their insider shares.

Note
2 &mdash; Significant Accounting Policies

Basis
of Presentation

The
accompanying financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (&ldquo;U.S. GAAP&rdquo;) and pursuant to the accounting and disclosure rules
and regulations of the SEC.


    
    


ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III


 2018

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

The
Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of December 31
 2018 and 2017.

Income
Taxes

The
Company complies with the accounting and reporting requirements of ASC Topic 740
 &ldquo;Income Taxes
&rdquo; which requires an
asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities
are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future
taxable or deductible amounts
 based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected
to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established
 when necessary
 to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected
to be realized.

ASC
Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized
 a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company&rsquo;s management determined that the Cayman Islands is the
Company&rsquo;s major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits
as income tax expense. As of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 there were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest
and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments
 accruals
or material deviation from its position over the next twelve months.

The
Company may be subject to potential examination by foreign taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These potential examinations
may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions
 the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance
with foreign tax laws.

The
Company is considered an exempted Cayman Islands company and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements
in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such
 the Company&rsquo;s tax provision is zero for all periods presented.

Net
Loss per Ordinary Share

Net
loss per ordinary share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during
the period
 excluding ordinary shares subject to forfeiture. Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate
of 375
000 ordinary shares that were subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters
(see Note 6). At December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could
 potentially
be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the losses of the Company. As a result
 diluted loss per share
is the same as basic loss per share for the periods presented.


    
    


ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III


 2018

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
fair value of the Company&rsquo;s assets and liabilities
 which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820
 &ldquo;Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures
&rdquo; approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying financial statements
primarily due to their short-term nature.

Recent
Accounting standards

Management
does not believe that any recently issued
 but not yet effective
 accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material
effect on the accompanying financial statements.

Note
3 &mdash; Initial Public Offering

Pursuant
to the Initial Public Offering
 the Company sold 10
800
000 Units at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit
 which includes a partial
exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 800
000 Units at $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists
of one ordinary share of the Company
 one right (the &ldquo;Public Right&rdquo;) and one redeemable warrant (the &ldquo;Public
Warrant&rdquo;). Each Public Right entitles the holder to receive one-tenth (1/10) of an ordinary share upon consummation of a
Business Combination. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per
share (see Note 7).

If
the Company is unable to complete an initial Business Combination by July 31
 2020 and the Company redeems the public shares for
the funds held in the Trust Account
 holders of the rights and warrants will not receive any of such funds for their rights and
warrants and the rights and warrants will expire worthless.

Note
4 &mdash; Private Units

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering
 certain of the Initial Shareholders
 including the underwriters in the Initial
Public Offering (and their respective designees)
 purchased an aggregate of 395
000 Private Units at a price of $10.00 per Private
Unit
 for an aggregate purchase price of $3
950
000. Each Private Unit consists of one ordinary share (&ldquo;Private Share&rdquo;)
one right (the &ldquo;Private Right&rdquo;) and one redeemable warrant (each
 a &ldquo;Private Warrant&rdquo;). The proceeds from
the Private Units have been added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does
not complete a Business Combination by July 31
 2020
 the proceeds of the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption
of the public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law)
 and the Private Units and all underlying securities will
expire worthless.

The
Private Units are identical to the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering except that the Private Warrants are non-redeemable
and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. Additionally
the purchasers of the Private Units have agreed (A) to vote the Private Shares in favor of any proposed Business Combination
(B) not to propose
 or vote in favor of
 an amendment to the Company&rsquo;s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
with respect to its pre-Business Combination activities prior to the consummation of such a Business Combination unless the Company
provides public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their Public Shares in connection with any such vote
 (C) not to
convert any Private Shares into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve
a proposed initial Business Combination or a vote to amend the provisions of the Company&rsquo;s amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association relating to shareholders&rsquo; rights or pre-Business Combination activity and (D) that the Private
Shares shall not participate in any liquidating distribution from the Trust Account upon winding up if a Business Combination
is not consummated. The purchasers of the Private Units have also agreed not to transfer
 assign or sell any of the Private Units
or underlying securities (except to permitted transferees) until the completion of an initial Business Combination.

Note
5 &mdash; Related Party Transactions

Advance
from Related Party

Through
December 31
 2018
 a director of the Company advanced the Company an aggregate of $72
239 to cover expenses related to the Initial
Public Offering. The advances were non-interest bearing and due on demand. As of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 $72
239 and $0
 respectively
of advances were outstanding. The advances were repaid upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering on January 31
 2019.


    
    


ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III


 2018

Promissory
Note &ndash; Related Party

On
November 7
 2016
 the Company issued a promissory note to a director of the Company
 pursuant to which the Company borrowed an
aggregate of $34
259. The promissory note was payable without interest on the earlier of (i) July 1
 2019
 (ii) the date on which
the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering or (iii) the date on which the Company determined to not proceed with such
Initial Public Offering. As of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 $34
259 and $22
147
 respectively
 was outstanding under the promissory
note. The promissory note was repaid upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering on January 31
 2019.

Note
6 &mdash; Commitments

Underwriting
Agreement

The
Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 1
500
000 additional
Units to cover over-allotments
 if any
 at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions.
In connection with the closing of the Initial Public Offering
 the underwriters partially exercised this right to purchase 800
000
Units. On March 17
 2019
 the remaining over-allotment option expired unexercised and
 as a result
 an aggregate of 175
000 shares
were forfeited.

The
underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of 2.5% of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
 or $2
700
000
in the aggregate. A &ldquo;qualified independent underwriter&rdquo; participated in the Initial Public Offering in compliance
with Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (&ldquo;FINRA&rdquo;) Rule 5121. The qualified independent underwriter was paid a
fee of $75
000 from the total underwriting discount in consideration for its services and expenses
 and was paid no other
compensation.

Business
Combination Marketing Agreement

The
Company engaged the joint book-running managers in the Initial Public Offering as advisors in connection with a Business Combination
to assist the Company in holding meetings with its shareholders to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business&rsquo;
attributes
 introduce the Company to potential investors that are interested in purchasing the Company&rsquo;s securities in connection
with a Business Combination
 assist the Company in obtaining shareholder approval for the Business Combination and assist the
Company with its press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. The Company will pay the joint
book-running managers aggregate cash fees for such services upon the consummation of a Business Combination in an amount equal
to 3.0% of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering (exclusive of any applicable finders&rsquo; fees which might become
payable).





the Company entered into a letter agreement with a member of the Company&rsquo;s board of directors that provides for a success
fee to be paid to such director upon consummation of a Business Combination with a target business introduced to the Company by
such director in an amount equal to 0.6% of the total consideration paid by the Company in the transaction
 subject to certain
minimum and maximum amounts set forth in the agreement.


 the Company entered into several
letter agreements with unaffiliated third parties that provide for a success fee to be paid to each such third party upon consummation
of a Business Combination with a target business introduced to the Company by such third party in amounts ranging from 0.75% to
1.0% of the total consideration paid by the Company in the transaction
 subject to certain minimum and maximum amounts set forth
in the various agreements.



Registration
Rights

Pursuant
to a registration rights agreement entered into on January 28
 2019
 the holders of the insider shares
 as well as the holders
of the Private Units (and underlying securities) and any securities issued in payment of working capital loans made to the Company
are entitled to registration rights. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands that
the Company register such securities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
 the underwriters (and their designees) may only
make a demand registration (i) on one occasion and (ii) during the five year period beginning on January 28
 2019. The holders
of the majority of the insider shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior
to the date on which these ordinary shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the Private Units (and
underlying securities) and securities issued in payment of working capital loans (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise
these registration rights at any time after the Company consummates a Business Combination. In addition
 the holders have certain
&ldquo;piggy-back&rdquo; registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a
Business Combination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
 the underwriters (and their designees) may participate in a &ldquo;piggy-back&rdquo;
registration only during the seven year period beginning January 28
 2019. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection
with the filing of any such registration statements.

Note
7 &mdash; Shareholder&rsquo;s Equity

Preferred
Shares

The
Company is authorized to issue 1
000
000 preferred shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share with such designation
 rights
and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company&rsquo;s board of directors. As of December 31
 2018 and
2017
 no preferred shares were issued or outstanding.

Ordinary
Shares

The
Company is authorized to issue 100
000
000 ordinary shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share. As of December 31
 2018 and
2017
 there were 2
875
000 ordinary shares issued and outstanding
 of which 375
000 shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent
that the underwriter&rsquo;s over-allotment option was not exercised in full so that the Initial Shareholders would own 20% of
the issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (excluding any Units that may have been purchased by them
in the Initial Public Offering).


    
    


ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III


 2018

In
connection with the organization of the Company
 a total of 2
875
000 ordinary shares were sold to the Initial Shareholders at
approximately $.009 per share for an aggregate purchase price of $25
000. As a result of the underwriters election to partially
exercise their over-allotment option on January 31
 2019
 this number included an aggregate of up to 175
000 shares subject to
forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters&rsquo; over-allotment option was not exercised in full so that the Company&rsquo;s
Initial Shareholders would own 20% of the issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. On March 17
 2019
the remaining over-allotment option expired unexercised and
 as a result
 an aggregate of 175
000 shares were forfeited
 resulting
in an aggregate of 2
700
000 shares issued and outstanding.

The
Initial Shareholders have agreed not to transfer
 assign or sell any of the insider shares (except to certain permitted transferees)
until (1) with respect to 50% of the insider shares
 the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation of an initial
Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of the Company&rsquo;s ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.50 per
share (as adjusted for share splits
 share dividends
 reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any
30-trading day period commencing after an initial Business Combination and (2) with respect to the remaining 50% of the insider
shares
 one year after the date of the consummation of an initial Business Combination
 or earlier
 in either case
 if
 subsequent
to an initial Business Combination
 the Company consummates a liquidation
 merger
 stock exchange or other similar transaction
which results in all of the Company&rsquo;s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash
 securities
or other property.



Each
holder of a right will receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share upon consummation of a Business Combination
 even if a holder
of such right converted all ordinary shares held by it in connection with a Business Combination. No fractional shares will be
issued upon exchange of the rights. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to
receive its additional shares upon consummation of a Business Combination as the consideration related thereto has been included
in the Unit purchase price paid for by investors in the Initial Public Offering. If the Company enters into a definitive agreement
for a Business Combination in which the Company will not be the surviving entity
 the definitive agreement will provide for the
holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the ordinary shares will receive in the transaction
on an as-converted into ordinary shares basis and each holder of rights will be required to affirmatively covert its rights in
order to receive 1/10 of an ordinary share underlying each right (without paying additional consideration). The ordinary shares
issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of the Company).

If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by July 31
 2020 and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust
Account
 holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights
 nor will they receive any distribution
from the Company&rsquo;s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such rights
 and the rights will expire worthless.
Further
 there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of
a Business Combination. Additionally
 in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly
 the
rights may expire worthless.



The
Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of the completion of an initial Business Combination or January 28
 2020.
However
 except as set forth below
 no Public Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current
registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating
to such ordinary shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if a registration statement covering the ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within 90 days from the consummation of an initial Business Combination
 warrant
holders may
 until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have
failed to maintain an effective registration statement
 exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption from registration
provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act provided that such exemption is available. If an exemption from registration
is not available
 holders will not be able to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis. The warrants will expire five
years from the consummation of an initial Business Combination.

The
Company may call the Public Warrants for redemption (excluding the Private Warrants)
 in whole and not in part
 at a price of
$.01 per warrant:



    
    
at
    any time while the warrants are exercisable


    
    
upon
    not less than 30 days&rsquo; prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder


    
    
if
    and only if
 the reported last sale price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share
 for any 20 trading days
    within a 30 trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders
 and

    
    
if
    and only if
 there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying such warrants
    at the time of redemption and for the entire 30-day trading period referred to above and continuing each day thereafter until
    the date of redemption.



    
    


ANDINA
ACQUISITION CORP. III


 2018

The
Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Proposed Public Offering
 except that the
Private Warrants and the ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants will not be transferable
 assignable
or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination
 subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally
 the Private
Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their
permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees
the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants.

If
the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption
 management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise
the Public Warrants to do so on a &ldquo;cashless basis
&rdquo; as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and
number of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event
of a share dividend
 extraordinary dividend or recapitalization
 reorganization
 merger or consolidation. In addition
 if&thinsp;
(x) the Company issues additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with
the closing of its initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $8.50 per ordinary share
(with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company&rsquo;s board of directors
 and
in the case of any such issuance to Company affiliates
 without taking into account any insider shares held by such affiliates
prior to such issuance) (where &ldquo;insider shares&rdquo; refers to the 2
875
000 ordinary shares held by the Company&rsquo;s
Initial Shareholders prior to the Company&rsquo;s initial public offering)
 (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances
represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds
 and interest thereon
 available for the funding of the Company&rsquo;s initial
business combination on the date of the consummation of its initial business combination (net of redemptions) and (z) the volume
weighted average trading price of the Company&rsquo;s ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading
day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial business combination (such price
 the &ldquo;Market Value&rdquo;)
is below $8.50 per share
 the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the
greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the price at which the Company issues the additional ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities. Additionally
 in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to
complete a Business Combination within the required time period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account
holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants
 nor will they receive any distribution
from the Company&rsquo;s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such warrants. Accordingly
 the warrants may
expire worthless.

Note
8 &mdash; Subsequent Events

The
Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial
statements were issued. Other than as described in Notes 1
 3
 4 and 7
 the Company did not identify subsequent events that would
have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.


    
    













     





Exhibit
31.1

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Julio Torres
 certify that:



    
I
    have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Andina Acquisition Corp. III;

    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    

    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:




    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly
    during the period in which this report is being prepared; and

    
    
    

    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.




Date:
    March 27
 2019
/s/
    Julio Torres


    
Julio
    Torres 


    
Chief
    Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)





    
    






Exhibit
31.2

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Mauricio Orellana
 certify that:



    
I
    have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Andina Acquisition Corp. III;

    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    

    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:




    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly
    during the period in which this report is being prepared; and

    
    
    

    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.




Date:
    March 27
 2019
/s/
    Mauricio Orellana

    
Mauricio
    Orellana

    
Chief
    Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)




    
    















     





Exhibit
32

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Annual Report of Andina Acquisition Corp. III (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31
 2018 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 each of the undersigned
 in
the capacities and on the dates indicated below
 hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    
    

    
The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation
    of the Company.





Date:
    March 27
 2019
/s/
    Julio Torres

    
Julio
    Torres

    
Chief
    Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)




    
/s/
    Mauricio Orellana

    
Mauricio
    Orellana

    
Chief
    Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)





    
    








