

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950103-13-003697
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20130331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130613
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130613
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Synutra International
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001293593
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DAIRY PRODUCTS [2020]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33397
		FILM NUMBER:		13912121
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15200 SHADY GROVE ROAD #350
		CITY:			ROCKVILLE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20850
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3018403888
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15200 SHADY GROVE ROAD #350
		CITY:			ROCKVILLE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20850
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vorsatech Ventures
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040614









    






Washington
 D.C.&#160;&#160;20549















For the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013














SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.




























2275 Research Blvd.
 Suite 500
Rockville
 Maryland 20850




(Address of Principal Executive Offices
 Zip Code)









(Registrant&#8217;s Telephone Number
 Including Area Code)





































Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.&#160;&#160;Yes&#160;




Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes&#160; 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes&#160; 


Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K&#160; 


Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.





















The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the closing sales price of the registrant&#8217;s common stock on September 28
 2012 (the last business day of the registrant&#8217;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter)
 as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market
 was $98.4 million. For purposes of this disclosure
 shares of common stock held by persons who hold more than 10% of the outstanding shares of common stock and shares held by officers and directors of the registrant have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination is not necessarily conclusive for other purposes.


As of June 13
 2013
 there were 57
300
713 shares of the registrant&#8217;s common stock outstanding.



























































































Item 5. Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
























































































Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance





























Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence


























Item 15. Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules













































&#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our company
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; and &#8220;Synutra&#8221; refer to Synutra International
 Inc.
 and its consolidated subsidiaries;












&#8220;China&#8221; or &#8220;PRC&#8221; refers to the People&#8217;s Republic of China
 excluding Taiwan and the Special Administrative Regions of Hong Kong and Macau;






































all references to &#8220;U.S. dollars
&#8221; &#8220;dollars
&#8221; or &#8220;$&#8221; are to the legal currency of the United States.






Unless otherwise noted
 all translations from Renminbi to U.S. dollars were made at the mid rate published by the People&#8217;s Bank of China
 or the mid rate
 as of March 31
 2013
 which was RMB 6.2689 to $1.00. We make no representation that the Renminbi amounts referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K could have been or could be converted into U.S. dollars at any particular rate or at all. On June 7
 2013
 the mid rate was RMB&#160;6.1620 to $1.00.



This Annual Report on Form 10-K
 or Form 10-K
 contains &#8220;forward-looking statements&#8221; within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
 that are based on our current expectations
 assumptions
 estimates and projections about us and our industry. All statements other than statements of historical fact in this Form 10-K are forward-looking statements. In some cases
 these forward-looking statements can be identified by words or phrases such as &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;continue
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;is/are likely to
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;aim
&#8221; &#8220;potential
&#8221; &#8220;continue
&#8221; or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-K relate to
 among others:























our future business development
 financial condition and results of operations;












































































































These forward-looking statements involve various risks and uncertainties. Although we believe that our expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements are reasonable
 our expectations may turn out to be incorrect. Our actual results could be materially different from our expectations. Important risks and factors that could cause our actual results to be materially different from our expectations are generally set forth in the &#8220;Item 1. Business
&#8221; &#8220;Item 1A. Risk Factors
&#8221; &#8220;Item 7. Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
&#8221; and other sections in this Form 10-K.























We are a leading infant formula company in China. We principally engage in production
 distribution and sales of dairy based nutritional products under the &#8220;Shengyuan&#8221; or &#8220;Synutra&#8221; line of brands in the People&#8217;s Republic of China (&#8220;China&#8221; or &#8220;PRC&#8221;). We focus on selling powdered formula products for infant and adults
 which are supplemented by other nutritional products
 such as prepared foods and certain nutritional ingredients and supplements. We sell most of our products through an extensive nationwide sales and distribution network covering all provinces and provincial-level municipalities in mainland China. As of March 31
 2013
 this network comprised over 670 independent distributors and over 680 independent sub-distributors who sell our products in approximately 27
000 retail outlets.











Powdered formula segment: Powdered formula segment covers the sale of powdered infant and adult formula products. Major brands include Super
 U-Smart
 My Angel and Dutch Cow;









Foods segment: Foods segment covers the sale of prepared baby foods for babies and children under the brand of Huiliduo. In fiscal year 2014
 we plan to introduce prepared adult foods for patients with special nutritional needs after surgical operations;









Nutritional ingredients and supplements segment: Nutritional ingredients and supplements segment covers the production and sale of nutritional ingredients and supplements such as chondroitin sulfate to external customers
 and microencapsulated Docosahexanoic Acid (&#8220;DHA&#8221;) and Arachidonic Acid (&#8220;ARA&#8221;) to powdered formula segment.



























Synutra International
 Inc is a Delaware holding company that conducts its business through its operating subsidiaries in China. It owns all or a majority of the equity interests in its operating subsidiaries
 directly or indirectly
 through Synutra
 Inc.
 or Synutra Illinois
 an intermediate holding company
 and Synutra International Company Limited. Synutra Illinois was incorporated in Illinois in 2000 and has no significant assets or other operations of its own. Our corporate structure reflects common practice for companies with operations in the PRC where separate legal entities are often used for tax or administrative reasons.

On July 15
 2005
 Synutra Illinois completed a reverse acquisition transaction with Vorsatech Ventures
 Inc.
 or Vorsatech. Upon the consummation of this share exchange transaction
 Vorsatech&#8217;s total issued and outstanding common stock equaled 50
000
713 shares
 including 48
879
500 shares issued pursuant to the reverse acquisition transaction and 1
121
213 shares owned by Vorsatech&#8217;s existing stockholders. Thereafter
 Synutra Illinois became Vorsatech&#8217;s wholly owned subsidiary and Vorsatech became the reporting entity for our business. We subsequently changed the name of the reporting entity to Synutra International
 Inc.

On May 24
 2007
 we entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement with Warburg Pincus Private Equity IX
 L.P.
 or Warburg
 pursuant to which we sold 4
000
000 shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $66 million. The closing of the transaction took place on June 15
 2007.


On June 30
 2010
 we completed an offering (&#8220;Offering&#8221;) of 3
300
000 shares of common stock at a price to public of $19.00 per share. The net proceeds from the Offering
 after deducting underwriting discounts
 commissions and offering expenses
 totaled approximately $58.8 million.












Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 or Shengyuan Nutrition
 located in Qingdao
 Shandong
 China
 was established by Synutra Illinois in September 2001 and is engaged in the dry-blending
 packaging
 shipping and distribution of all of our powdered formula products.












Zhangjiakou Chahaer Dairy Co.
 Ltd.
 or Zhangjiakou
 formerly known as Zhangjiakou Shengyuan Dairy Co.
 Ltd.
 located in Zhangjiakou
 Hebei
 China
 was established in March 2004 with Synutra Illinois and Sheng Zhi Da Dairy Group Corporation (&#8220;Sheng Zhi Da&#8221;) holding 40% and 60%
 respectively
 of its equity interests. Synutra Illinois acquired the remaining 60% ownership interest in Zhangjiakou from Sheng Zhi Da in April 2005. Zhangjiakou is mainly engaged in processing whey protein into high oil whey protein
 an ingredient used in powdered formula production.












Inner Mongolia Mengyuan Food Co.
 Ltd.
 or Mengyuan
 located in Fengzhen
 Inner Mongolia
 China
 commenced operations in July 2007. Mengyuan was acquired by Zhangjiakou from its then shareholders in November 2006. Mengyuan is engaged in processing whey protein into high oil whey protein
 an ingredient used in powdered formula production.













Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd.
 or Inner Mongolia Huiliduo
 formerly known as Inner Mongolia Shengyuan Food Co.
 Ltd.
 located in Zhenglanqi
 Inner Mongolia
 China
 was established in September 2006. Inner Mongolia Huiliduo began operations in August 2010 to produce prepared baby food
 using the Huiliduo brand.












Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.
 or Meitek
 located in Qingdao
 Shandong
 China
 was established in November 2006 to produce certain nutritional ingredients and supplements. Meitek began operations in October 2008.












Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd.
 or Huimin
 a variable interest entity which was incorporated on July 10
 2008
 provides diagnostic services for pregnant women through medical institutions. 












Heilongjiang Mingshan Dairy Co.
 Ltd.
 or Mingshan
 located in Luobei
 Heilongjiang
 China
 was established in April 2001. Mingshan ceased milk powder production in early fiscal year 2012. Mingshan signed an agreement with local government on May 14
 2012
 pursuant to which
 Mingshan moved out of its location and received compensation of $1.4 million. The&#160;liquidation of Mingshan has been completed.













Beijing Shengyuan Huiliduo Food Technology Co.
 Ltd.
 or Beijing Huiliduo
 located in Beijing
 China
 was established in July 2008 to produce prepared baby food. Beijing Huiliduo began operations in March 2009
 and ceased operations in November 2012.





















The following chart reflects our organizational structure as of March 31
 2013. Unless specifically indicated otherwise
 our subsidiaries are organized in mainland China.

Organization chart of Synutra International
 Inc.



















































Business Operating Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutrition
 Huimin
 Jibin Zhang (who is our Director of Loans) and Yunpeng Jiang (who is our Director of Strategic Acquisitions);












Call Option Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutrition
 Huimin
 Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang;












Pledge Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutrition
 Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang; and












Entrustment Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutrition
 Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang.












Entrustment Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutrition
 Jibin Zhang
 Yunpeng Jiang and Honnete.




For a more detailed description of the control agreements
 see &#8220;Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.&#8221;


















We primarily market our products under the Synutra
 or Shengyuan
 brand which has been associated with infant formula products in China for more than 10 years. In addition to the Synutra
 or Shengyuan brand
 our products are marketed in China under brands that we have developed through our national sales and marketing efforts.



Powdered formula product brands include several of China&#8217;s leading infant and adult formula brands
 which mainly include Super
 U-Smart
 My Angel and Dutch Cow. We have positioned these brands as high quality brands
 which provide unique
 clinically supported health and developmental benefits. Our infant powdered formula products include DHA and ARA
 which support brain and immune system development of infants.




Building upon the strength of our brands
 we are extending into the fast growing prepared baby food and adult food market
 using the Huiliduo brand.


We market under the Meitek brand to meet the nutritional needs of the broader consumer population in China. The products of our Meitek brand use raw materials of type II collagen
 which are believed to help relieve joint discomfort
 and glucosamine and chondroitin
 which clinical studies indicate may help slow down the aging of joints.


In addition
 we have recently launched Chondro Gold and Chodro Cal brands of chondroitin sulfate sodium and chondroitin sulfate calcium materials intended for the dietary ingredients industry in North America and the rest of the world. We believe these two branded materials lead the industry and differentiate our dietary ingredients from the rest of the field and feature our unique and proprietary manufacturing processes at Meitek that help to ensure material purity and quality with innovation.





Generally
 there are five stages of pediatric development and we produce different products for each of these stages. The general stages of pediatric development are as below:











































Our Dutch Cow brand also provides powdered formula products for students
 women and older people
 to address their special needs.


















Our products are grouped by category of production process and usage as well as internal resource allocation: (1) Powdered Formula
 (2) Foods
 (3) Nutritional Ingredients and Supplements
 and (4) Other business. Sales of Powdered Formula
 Foods
 Nutritional Ingredients and Supplements
 and Other business comprised 84%
 0%
 3%
 and 13% of our net sales for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 respectively.






































































We design regular infant formula as a breast milk substitute for healthy
 full-term infants without special nutritional needs
 both for use as the infant&#8217;s sole source of nutrition and as a supplement to breastfeeding. We endeavor to develop regular infant formula closer to breast milk.


Each product is referred to as a &#8220;formula
&#8221; as it is formulated for the specific nutritional needs of an infant of a given age. Generally
 our regular infant formula has the following four main components: (1) protein from cow&#8217;s milk that is processed to have an amino acid profile similar to human milk
 (2) a blend of vegetable fats (including DHA/ARA) to replace bovine milk fat in order to better resemble the composition of human milk
 (3) a carbohydrate
 generally lactose from cow&#8217;s milk and (4) a vitamin and mineral &#8220;micronutrient&#8221; pre-mix that is blended into the product to meet the specific needs of the infant at a given age. Patterned after breast milk
 which changes composition to meet the infant&#8217;s changing nutritional needs
 we produce two stages of formula. Stage 1 formulas are consumed by newborn infants up to twelve months of age. Stage 2 formulas are generally consumed by infants from six to eighteen months.























































Formulas addressing Calcium
 Iron or Zinc Deficiency

































In March 2012
 we obtained the license to produce specialty infant formulas in five categories from Shandong Bureau of Quality and Technical Supervision and were the first domestic manufacturer in China to receive such a license. Special infant formulas are designed for infants with special conditions who cannot consume regular infant formulas. We market these products under the Shengyuan Specialty Formula brand name.


Lactose free formulas are designed for infants that are lactose intolerant. Lactose is substituted by maltodextrin in this formula
 and it is mainly for infants with diarrhea.


Formulas for preterm and low birth weight infants are designed to meet these infants&#8217; unique needs. Typically
 such infants need extra assistance obtaining the requisite nutrition. They require a higher density of nutrients and calories because they cannot take in enough volume of breast milk or regular infant formula. We have formula for infants both when they are under intensive care in the hospital
 and after they are discharged from the hospital.


We designed formulas addressing calcium
 iron or zinc deficiency for infants with special needs from stage 1 to stage 3.





We produce medical formula
 or formulas for special medical purposes
 for nutritional management of infants who are born with rare metabolism disorders. Currently
 we have formula for infants under twelve months of age with phenylketonuria (&#8220;PKU&#8221;). We plan to develop more formulas targeting other specific disorders in the future.





We market children&#8217;s formula products under the Synutra family of brands. Super
 U-Smart
 My Angel
 Dutch Cow and Formulas addressing Calcium
 Iron or Zinc Deficiency are produced for stage 3 and 4. We design these products to meet the changing nutrition needs of children at different stages of development. We offer products at stages 3 and 4 that are designed for children&#8217;s nutritional needs at one to three years of age and three to seven years of age
 respectively. These products are not breast milk substitutes and are not designed for use as the sole source of nutrition but instead are designed to be a part of a child&#8217;s appropriate diet. Our use of the Synutra brand allows for a consistent image across our stages 3 and 4 products.


We produce rice cereal products as supplements for children over 6 months. Currently we have ten formulas of rice cereal products which are produced using rice
 fruit
 vegetable
 meat
 vitamins and minerals. We believe that rice cereal products are essential supplements to formula milk.





We produce Stage 0 powdered formulas for expectant and nursing mothers under Super and U-Smart brand. Our products for expectant or nursing mothers provide the developing fetus or breastfed infant with vitamin supplements and/or an increased supply of DHA for brain development. These products also supplement the mother&#8217;s diet by providing either DHA or ARA with increased proteins
 as well as vitamins and minerals.


We produce powdered formulas for adult
 such as formula with multi-vitamin
 formula with high calcium
 formula for the elderly
 formula for women
 and formula for students under the Dutch Cow brand. These products are developed to address specific types of consumer profiles and nutritional needs.



















Food segment covers the sale of prepared pureed food for babies and children and starting fiscal 2014
 we plan to expand the segment to include sales of prepared pureed adult food. Baby food products are designed to be part of a child&#8217;s healthy diet with enhanced nutritional value. Adult food products will be designed for patients with special nutritional needs after surgical operations.




Nutritional ingredients and supplements segment covers the production and sale of nutritional ingredients and supplements such as chondroitin sulfate
 collagen
 microencapsulated DHA and ARA. Chondroitin sulfate and collagen is mainly for industrial sales and export
 with a small portion used in our self-developed nutritional products. Microencapsulated DHA and ARA powders are produced mainly for internal use in powdered formula production process.











In the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 we import whole milk powder used for our powdered formula products from Fonterra Co-operative Group (&#8220;Fonterra&#8221;) in New Zealand. We import whey protein and high oil whey protein used for infant powdered formula products from Euros&#233;rum S.A.S (&#8220;Euros&#233;rum&#8221;) in France. We purchase other ingredients for our formula from domestic suppliers.

If the high oil whey protein purchased from Euros&#233;rum is not enough for our production
 we use whey protein and oil to produce high oil whey protein
 or engage a third party to produce high oil whey protein using whey protein and oil provided by us. In rare cases
 when whey protein powder is in short supply
 we use whey protein concentrates and lactose instead in the production.


At our Qingdao facility
 milk powder is mixed in large automated mechanical mixers with high oil whey protein powder and other additives in a method known as dry-mixing. Our dry-mixing equipment can automatically adjust the level of ingredients to achieve the complex formulations required by our premium products. The resulting milk powder is then checked to ensure proper granule size before packaging and distribution.


Imported Super product is contract manufactured by Arla
 a Danish company
 and Dutch Cow infant formula product is contract manufactured by FrieslandCampina
 a Dutch company. These products are produced according to our specification and the quality standards of both companies/countries.


















Our processing and packaging facilities
 which are all owned by us
 are located in various locations in China
 including Qingdao
 Zhangjiakou
 Fengzhen and Zhenglanqi. These facilities encompass approximately 137
000 square meters of office
 plant
 and warehouse space. Our distribution center located in Qingdao includes approximately 25
000 square meters of owned space. All of our production facilities are built based on the GMP standard
 with equipment imported from Europe and all of our facilities that have commenced operations have ISO9000 and HACCP series qualifications with some also being ISO14000 certified.

Qingdao
 Zhangjiakou and Fengzhen facilities are for our powdered formula production. As of March 31
 2013
 we had high oil whey protein processing capacity of approximately 12
000 tons per year for the Zhangjiakou facility and the Fengzhen facility
 and had packaging capacity of approximately 108
000 tons per year and dry-mixing processing capacity of approximately 62
000 tons per year for the Qingdao facility.

Our Qingdao facility serves as our dry-mixing and packaging plant. Various ingredients
 such as milk powder
 high oil whey protein powder and nutritional additives arrive at our Qingdao facility from our production facilities and our suppliers
 and are mixed using the dry-mixing method. Qingdao facility packages the mixed ingredients into retail-size tin canisters or stand up/display pouches or sealed packages in boxes. This packaging facility also provides inventory control and logistics management
 product quality monitoring and product development assistance.

Our production facility for prepared foods is located in Zhenglanqi. As of March 31
 2013
 the Zhenglanqi facility had a processing capacity for prepared foods of 9
000 tons per year.

Our production facility for nutritional ingredients and supplements is located in Qingdao. As of March 31
 2013
 this facility had a processing capacity of 500 tons per year for chondroitin sulfate
 500 tons per year for collagen protein
 and 700 tons for microencapsulated DHA and ARA powders.

For information with respect to the installed capacity
 location and function of our processing and packaging facilities
 see &#8220;




The bulk of our powdered formula and other nutritional products come in three types of retail packaging: tin canisters
 standup/display pouches
 or sealed packages in a box. All packaging labels carry product information
 nutritional profile
 user instructions
 product tracing data and shelf life date
 product certification status
 quality control and assurance remarks
 manufacturer contact information
 as well as customer service information that comply with PRC labeling requirements. Selected products are also retail-packaged in single-use sizes. Before any product leaves our packaging facility to distributors
 we engage in an extensive testing and inspection of the final product.






Our business depends on maintaining a regular and adequate supply of high-quality raw materials. In the aftermath of the melamine contamination incident
 we decided to use imported milk powder for the production of our powdered formula products. Currently
 all of the milk powder used in our production is from New Zealand.

Whey protein powder is the other key ingredient used in the production of our powdered infant formula products. Like all powdered milk producers
 we use whey protein powder as the active ingredient to help reconstituted dairy-based formula to mimic the consistency of breast milk
 which can constitute approximately 55% of the final powdered infant formula product by weight. Whey protein powder is a byproduct of cheese-making processes
 and is difficult and costly to produce as a stand-alone product. Since China is not a large consumer or producer of cheese and cheese products
 we typically obtain whey protein powder in volume from overseas sources
 such as France.

Based on our experience
 prices of milk powder and whey protein powder can fluctuate over relatively short periods of time depending on market conditions. Our sourcing team monitors price movements and makes major purchases at times when prices are attractive
 subject to projected customer order flow and other factors.

Our powdered milk products
 including our powdered infant formulas
 also include additives such as DHA and ARA fatty acids and other nutritional additives. DHA and ARA fatty acids are long-chain poly-unsaturated fatty acids found in breast milk that are believed to aid in the development of an infant&#8217;s brain
 eyes and nervous system. Studies have suggested that DHA and ARA fortification can replicate some of the nutritional benefits of breast milk in infant formulas. Currently we purchase DHA oil and ARA oil from third parties
 and produce microencapsulated DHA and ARA powders at our Meitek facility for internal use.

We use vegetable oils in our spray-drying powder infant formula production processes as a binder for the dry ingredients
 helping diminish the occurrence of &#8220;lumpiness&#8221; or uneven texture when reconstituting powdered infant formula.

We purchase animal cartilage from third-party suppliers for the production of chondroitin sulfate
 a substance that provides nutrients for joints
 tendon
 ligaments and bones
 in our Meitek facility.


















Currently
 we purchase all of our milk powder from Fonterra in New Zealand. The purchase prices are determined through Fonterra&#8217;s online auction process and we do not sign long term contracts with our suppliers.




On September 17
 2012 we entered into a partnership agreement
 a milk supply agreement
 a whey supply agreement
 a whey powder supply agreement
 and a technical assistance agreement with Sodiaal Union
 a French agricultural cooperative company (&#8220;Sodiaal&#8221;)
 and Euroserum SAS
 a French subsidiary of Sodiaal (&#8220;Euroserum&#8221;). Under these agreements
 we intend to build a new drying facility in Carhaix
 France
 to manufacture powdered milk and fat-enriched demineralized whey (the &#8220;French Project&#8221;). For details
 see &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations &#8211; Liquidity and Capital Resources&#8221;.






We generally sell our products to distributors and in limited circumstances directly to retailers such as supermarkets. With the introduction of My Angel series infant powdered formula products in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011
 we began to sell directly to baby stores. Our sales and marketing approach combines advertising
 brand-building and store-level promotions. Our customer relations management team
 or CRM
 of approximately 140 employees uses our customer relations management database in order to acquire
 process
 and manage targeted customer information.

We have built a sales network that covers all the provinces and provincial-level municipalities in mainland China. Our sales group is divided into multiple sub-sales regions. Each sub-sales region covers between eight to twenty urban sales areas which act as independent operating units
 while each urban sales area covers three to twenty county sales areas. As of March 31
 2013
 we had a sales and marketing force of approximately 2
000 employees
 complemented by approximately 11
000 full time or part time commissioned field nutrition consultants or retail site promoters employed by our distributors and sub-distributors to promote and sell our products.

Our sales teams work directly with each retail outlet to manage the sales process and to collect customer and purchasing related data. We use multiple criteria to select our distributors
 including reviewing each potential distributor&#8217;s financial condition. City managers are rotated periodically among various cities. We have set up a sales budget management team to manage our sales expenses and to supervise the execution of our budgeting plan. This team reports directly to the director of marketing and sales.

We compensate our sales personnel through a combination of fixed salaries and bonuses based on sales volume. Our targeted sales incentive programs compensate our sales personnel on a product-specific level
 thereby enabling us to incentivize our sales personnel to focus their sales and promotion efforts on certain product lines
 such as our premium product lines or larger product packages.


















We primarily work directly with over 670 independent distributors
 who in turn work with over 680 independent sub-distributors
 and approximately 27
000 retail outlets. Our dry-mixing and packaging subsidiary
 Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 also serves as our national distribution center for our distributors in China. Through the personal digital assistant (&#8220;PDA&#8221;) devices and cell phone applications we installed for each distributor
 we can monitor their inventory level closely. We accept purchase orders each month from the distributors. Our sales personnel also regularly inspect and perform stocktaking on distributors&#8217; inventories to identify and control any potential inventory buildup. We employ trucking companies locally and nationally to distribute retail packaged products to various regional and provincial distributors.

Distributors normally have exclusive distribution rights in their respective regions and cities to distribute our products
 and are also responsible for developing the sub-distributors in their own region and cities. We typically enter into a contract with each of our distributors that establishes the range of sales obligations and their respective discount level on top of our standard manufacturer&#8217;s prices. However
 our obligation to sell and the distributor&#8217;s obligation to purchase arise only at the time a purchase order is accepted. We seek to carefully manage our distributors through an evaluation system that monitors and grades each distributor with respect to performance criteria such as monthly sales and investment in promotional activities. We seek to incentivize well-performing distributors by providing larger discounts
 larger sales territory and other incentives. While we do not directly manage our sub-distributors
 we do track sub-distributor performance through coordinated efforts between our own sales personnel in the field and the distributors. 

We currently distribute our nutritional products across mainland China. Our logistics center in our Qingdao facilities occupies an area of 25
000 square meters. This logistics center can currently dispatch 6
900 tons of our products for shipment to our distributors per month. Our Qingdao facility also has the capability to respond to urgent requests for product shipments within an average of five days.



We have an enterprise resource planning system
 or ERP system
 which is a financial information system with an inventory module that manages and records inventory transactions.




Our business experiences some seasonal fluctuations. Summer time is typically a slow time for the infant formula market because Chinese parents tend to choose the summer time to switch from milk feeding to more concrete food for their babies. As a result
 we generally experience weaker sales in our first and second fiscal quarters.
















Marketing
 Advertising and Promotion



We advertise through various media
 including television
 print media and the Internet. We supplement nationwide television coverage with local television coverage. We also purchase advertising over the Internet. Our advertising spending was $11.9 million
 $11.5 million and $22.6 million for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Our advertising spending has enabled us to secure prime-time placements with China Central Television and other premium regional or satellite television stations.




As part of our sales and marketing approach
 our sales force works with more than 15
000 healthcare facilities across China to provide maternity
 infant nutrition and health education programs. We have also established a national customer service call center providing live assistance and a toll-free line to provide consumers with prenatal
 nursing
 baby care education
 product information
 and address complaints and dispute resolution.

We provide displays
 posters and other printed promotional materials to retail outlets and sales consultants employed by our distributors at each point of sale. We also pay entry fees to various retail outlets to place our products within such outlets. We collect customer information through surveys voluntarily provided by each customer via the point of sale or via mailed forms provided to our customers in each product package. We also have promotional activities with supermarket chains and entertainment companies in order to reach our target market.




We place primary importance on quality. We have established quality control and food safety management systems for the purchasing
 acceptance checks
 processing
 packaging
 storage and transportation. All of our processing facilities are equipped with in-house laboratories for quality assurance and quality control purposes. Our quality test laboratory in Qingdao has been qualified as a National Standard Laboratory by the China National Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment.

In order to ensure the quality and safety of our ingredients and products
 we have also installed testing equipment and have implemented control procedures at each stage of production
 including at the initial raw material purchase stage. There are over 1
100 quality control points throughout the entire production process. We employ strict internal procedures and monitoring by highly trained employees during production
 transportation and storage. Additionally
 we have been increasing our investment in quality control equipment and training. All policies relating to quality control are subject to PRC laws and regulations.

&#160;In the dietary ingredients and supplements sector
 we believe we have led our domestic industry in applying well established standards in production documentation
 including those under the U.S. Pharmacopeia (UPS)
 to help ensure the integrity of the supply chain and to discourage adulteration of chondroitin sulfate materials. In addition to our quality assurance laboratory facilities in Qingdao
 we have recently established a wet lab in Rockville
 MD dedicated to dietary ingredients material screening and research on supplement products in the US market.

















Highlights of our quality control procedures are summarized below
 organized by the main stages of production:





















































Compliance with production process control procedure
 HACCP Plan implemented at all plants;

























Detailed process designed for all parts of the production process including pretreatment
 dry-mixing
 powder receiving
 and packaging;












Maintain hygiene standards for staff
 equipment
 environment and any other object; and

















Packaging
 Storage and Transport:







































































Our research and development activities focus on new product formulation
 new ingredient development
 creation of new methods to incorporate certain nutrients in our products
 and improvement in product tastes and ingredient shelf stabilities. We engage in regular product refinement and new product development for our dairy-based formula products
 as well as other forms of foods and nutritional supplements.





During each of the fiscal years ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 we spent approximately 1.0%
 0.3% and 0.4% of net sales per year on research and development
 respectively.




The infant formula industry in China is highly competitive. We generally compete with both multinational and domestic infant formula producers. Competitive factors include brand recognition
 distribution network
 quality
 advertising
 formulation
 packaging and price. Many of our competitors have significant market share in the markets we compete in. Our principal competitors can be classified generally into the following two groups:











Abbot Laboratories&#8217; Ross Products Division
 a U.S. producer and distributor of infant formulas marketed under the brand names of Similac and Enfalac family of formulas;












Mead Johnson Nutrition Co.
 or Mead Johnson
 formerly a Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Division
 a U.S. producer and distributor of the Enfamil family of formulas;












Groupe Danone SA&#8217;s Numico division
 or Numico
 a Dutch producer of baby foods
 which sells and markets infant formula products in China under the Dumex brand;












Nestl&#233; Suisse SA
 or Nestl&#233;
 a Swiss producer and distributor of starter and follow-up formulas
 milk
 cereals
 oral supplements and performance foods marketed under Nestl&#233; brands such as Carnation; and












Wyeth
 a U.S. producer and distributor of infant formula sold under private label brands.














Inner Mongolia Yili Industrial Group Co.
 Ltd.
 or Yili
 a PRC producer and distributor of liquid and powdered milk under their Yili brand;












Beingmate Group Company Limited
 or Beingmate
 a PRC producer and distributor of infant formula products under their Beingmate brand;












Guangdong Yashili Group Co.
 Ltd.
 or Yashili
 a PRC consumer brand marketer which sells a line of infant formula products under their Yashili brand; and












Feihe International
 Inc.
 a PRC producer and distributor of milk formula products under their Feihe brand.




According to data collected by the PRC National Commercial Information Center
 or CIC
 an entity affiliated with the PRC General Chamber of Commerce responsible for collecting retail sales data
 the top ten brands accounted for 83% of total infant formulas sold in China in calendar year 2012.


















Risks Related to Our Business&#8212;Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property rights may undermine our competitive position

 as of today
 patents and copyrights have not been essential to maintaining our competitive market position
 we intend to assess in the future whether to seek patent and copyright protections for those aspects of our business that provide significant competitive advantages.

As of March 31
 2013
 we had 251 registered trademarks in China
 and 8 registered trademarks in other districts and countries. Additionally
 we had 65 trademark applications pending approval in China.

We rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect our proprietary information and know-how. Our management and each of our research and development personnel have entered into annual employment contracts
 each of which includes a confidentiality clause and a clause acknowledging that all inventions
 designs
 trade secrets
 works of authorship
 developments and other processes generated by them on our behalf are our property
 and assigning to us any ownership rights that they may claim in those works. Despite our precautions
 it may be possible for third parties to obtain and use
 without our consent
 intellectual property that we own or are licensed to use. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties
 and the expenses incurred in protecting our intellectual property rights

 and litigation to protect our intellectual property rights may be costly.




Our manufacturing facilities are subject to various pollution control regulations in China with respect to noise
 water and air pollution and the disposal of waste and hazardous materials. We are also subject to periodic inspections by local environmental protection authorities in China. We are not currently subject to any pending actions alleging any violations of applicable PRC environmental laws.



As of March 31
 2013
 we employed approximately 3
400 employees in all of our facilities
 with approximately 160 head office management staff and research and development employees
 approximately 1
330 production employees
 and approximately 1
910 sales and marketing employees. Our employees are not represented by a labor organization or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work stoppages.

We offer our employees both a base salary and a performance bonus. As required by PRC regulations
 we participate in various employee benefit plans that are organized by municipal and provincial governments
 including pension
 work-related injury benefits
 maternity insurance
 medical and unemployment benefit plans. We are required under PRC law to make contributions to the employee benefit plans at specified percentages of the salaries
 bonuses and certain allowances of our employees
 up to a maximum amount specified by the local government from time to time. The pension amount is determined by a number of factors
 including the member&#8217;s salary amount at retirement date
 contribution period
 social average salary level and price index.


















The food industry
 of which nutritional and infant formula products form a part
 and medical institutions
 are subject to extensive regulations in China. This section summarizes the most significant PRC regulations governing our business in China.




As a producer of nutritional products
 and particularly dairy-based infant formula products
 in China
 we are subject to a number of PRC laws and regulations governing the manufacturing (including composition of ingredients)
 labeling
 packaging
 safety and hygiene of food products:































































































































































































the Whole Milk Powder
 Skimmed Milk Powder
 Sweetened Whole Milk Powder and Flavored Milk Powder Standards;













































These laws and regulations set out safety and hygiene standards and requirements for various aspects of food production
 such as the use of additives
 production
 packaging
 handling
 labeling and storage
 as well as facilities and equipment. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in confiscation of our products and proceeds from the sales of non-compliant products
 destruction of our products and inventory
 fines
 suspension of production and operation
 product recalls
 revocation of licenses
 and
 in extreme cases
 criminal liability.

On October 7
 2008
 the State General Administration of Quality Supervision
 Inspection and Quarantine (&#8220;AQSIQ&#8221;) issued a national standard on the detection of melamine in raw milk and dairy based products. On October 9
 2008
 the State Council promulgated with immediate effect a Regulation for the Quality and Safety Supervision of Dairy Based Products
 which
 among other things
 imposes more stringent requirements for inspection
 production
 packaging
 labeling and product recall on dairy product producers. This regulation also established a &#8220;Black-List&#8221; system to ensure that illegal business operators in the dairy production chain are timely disclosed and severely punished.

On April 22
 2010
 MOH issued 66 food safety national standards (&#8220;New National Standard&#8221;)
 including the national standard for infant powdered formula
 which impose strict requirement for production of infant powdered formula.


On November 1
 2010
 AQSIQ issued Rules for the Examination of Licensing Criteria for Enterprise Producing Formula Milk Powder of Infant Use (2010 version) and Rules for the Examination of Licensing Criteria for Enterprise Producing Milk Products (2010 version) to tighten the supervision of milk product quality and safety. Under the new rules
 milk producers are required to pass higher safety and quality tests in order to have their licenses re-issued.




















































































































In June 2009
 the PRC National Development and Reform Commission
 or the NDRC
 and the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology
 or the MIIT
 jointly promulgated and issued Dairy Industry Policies (2009 Version)
 or the Policies. The Policies set forth the conditions an entity must satisfy in order to engage
 or continue to engage
 in the dairy products processing business
 including technique and equipment
 product quality
 energy and water consumption
 sanitation and environmental protection
 as well as production safety. Any new or continuing dairy products processing projects or enterprises will be required to meet all the conditions and requirements set forth in the Policies. For projects or enterprises that already commenced operations before the promulgation of the Policies
 improvements or rectification actions may need to be taken in order to have such projects or enterprises meet the conditions before the end of 2010.

The Policies also set forth some requirements relating to the location
 processing capacity and raw milk source for any new or continuing dairy products processing project or enterprise. Any new or continuing dairy products processing projects or enterprises that fail to meet the requirements will not be able to procure land
 license
 permits
 loan facility and electricity necessary for the processing of dairy products
 and those projects or enterprises already in operation before the promulgation of the Policies will be deregistered and ordered to shut down if they fail to meet the conditions before the end of 2010. We believe that all of our existing entities and facilities for powdered formula production meet the requirements under the Access Conditions. See Item 1A. Risk Factors&#8212;Risks Associated with Doing Business in China




On February 26
 1994
 the State Council promulgated the Regulations of Administration on Medical Institutions which established the regulations for establishing
 managing and supervision of medical institutions. In particular
 the regulations required a medical institution to be approved by and register with the applicable administrative department of public health prior to establishment. On December 14
 2009
 the Ministry of Public Health promulgated the Standards of Medical Inspection Laboratory which set forth the standards for establishing and managing medical inspection laboratories. On August 21
 2012 we received the approval from Beijing Bureau of Health to set up Shengyuan Huimin Medical Inspection Laboratory in Beijing which will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd. We are in the process of setting up this lab with commencement of operations expected by the end of calendar year 2013.





We have four reportable segments
 which are powdered formula
 foods
 nutritional ingredients and supplements and other business. Other business includes non-core operations such as ancillary sales of surplus milk powder and whey protein. Please refer to Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion about segments and geographic areas.





. We make available at this address
 free of charge
 our Annual Reports on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
 or SEC. Information available on our website is not incorporated by reference in and is not deemed a part of this Form 10-K. The public may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC&#8217;s Public Reference Room at 100 F. Street
 N.E.
 Washington
 DC
 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other information regarding issues that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov.

















Because of the following factors
 as well as other factors affecting our financial condition and operating results
 past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance
 and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods.

You should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Form 10-K before making an investment decision with respect to our common stock. The following risks and uncertainties could materially and adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks that we are not presently aware of or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business operations.






We had loss before income tax expense of $27.0 million and negative cash flow from operation of $5.7 million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013. Our operations rely heavily on debt
 and at March 31
 2013
 we had short-term debt of $127.4 million
 long-term debt due within one year of $82.7 million and long term debt due between one and three years of $102.2 million. The asset liability ratio
 which is defined as total liabilities divided by total assets
 was 94% at March 31
 2013. Our ability to meet our debt obligations will depend on our future performance
 which will be affected by financial
 business
 domestic and foreign economic conditions and other factors
 many of which we are unable to control. As a result
 there can be no assurance that our operation will generate sufficient cash flows to meet our liquidity needs
 and we therefore may continue have negative cash flows in the future. If our cash flow is not sufficient to service our debt
 we may be required to obtain additional financing in the future
 and such additional financing may not be available at times
 in amounts or on terms acceptable to us or at all. We may not be able to repay such borrowings in full or at all when due and
 if we were to default on the repayment of these borrowings
 we may not be able to continue our operations as a going concern.


We are highly dependent upon consumers&#8217; perception of the safety and quality of our products. Any ill effects
 product liability claims
 recalls
 adverse publicity or negative public perception regarding particular ingredients or products or our industry in general could harm our reputation
 damage our brand and adversely affect our results of operations.

We sell products for human consumption
 which involves risks such as product contamination
 spoilage and tampering. We may be subject to liability if the consumption of any of our products causes injury
 illness or death. Adverse publicity or negative public perception regarding particular ingredients
 our products
 our actions relating to our products
 or our industry in general could result in a substantial drop in demand for our products. This negative public perception may include publicity regarding the safety or quality of particular ingredients or products in general
 of other companies or of our products or ingredients specifically. Negative public perception may also arise from regulatory investigations or product liability claims
 regardless of whether those investigations involve us or whether any product liability claim is successful against us.

On September 16
 2008
 China&#8217;s Administration of Quality Supervision
 Inspection and Quarantine
 or China AQSIQ
 announced its finding that the formula products of 22 Chinese formula producers
 including certain lots of our U-Smart products
 were contaminated by melamine
 a substance not approved for use in food and linked to the illness and deaths of infants and children in China. There were six reported deaths and approximately 300
000 children suffered kidney-related illnesses due to the contaminated infant formula of one of our competitors. This contamination incident resulted in significant negative publicity for the entire domestic dairy and formula industries in China and demand for domestically-produced dairy and formula products
 including our products
 declined significantly since September 2008 until late 2009. We recalled our affected U-Smart products as well as all other products produced at the same facilities in the Hebei and Inner Mongolia regions of China
 where we believe the contaminated milk supplies originated. We also suspended production at our facilities in Qingdao
 Hebei and Inner Mongolia for two weeks pending government and internal investigations. The total cost of this action was $100.6 million which was recognized as a charge to cost of sales
 selling and distribution expenses and general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statement of income mostly in fiscal year 2009.

Although we have not confirmed any cases of kidney-related or other illnesses caused by our products
 we cannot assure you that such cases will not surface in the future. The Chinese government has provided medical screening
 treatment
 and care for consumers affected by melamine contamination in infant formula products. We have contributed a net amount of $2.3 million to a compensation fund set up by China Dairy Industry Association to settle existing and potential claims arising in China from families of infants affected by melamine contamination. We cannot assure you that the Chinese government will not seek further reimbursement from dairy and formula product manufacturers
 including us.

We believe the melamine contamination incident negatively impacted our brand and reputation in China. It also affected investor confidence in us as reflected by the significant decrease in our stock price after September 16
 2008. We cannot predict whether there will be similar future incidents and what impact such incidents may have on our operations and reputation.
















In August 2010
 several media reports alleging our infant formula products caused symptoms of hormone-triggered sexual prematurity in infants in the Hubei province of China. Our business was significantly and negatively impacted since then as a result of these media reports
 and our sales volume decreased significantly. We increased the spending on advertising after the prematurity event to repair our reputation and regain market share. As a result
 we had a significant net loss for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2011.


In January 2012
 several Chinese media outlets reported that a pair of 4-month old twins in Jiangxi province became ill with severe intestinal symptoms. One passed away from hyperthermia and multi-functional organ failure on January 7
 2012. The other has recovered following hospitalization. Both infants were reported to have been consuming our powdered milk formula products for weeks before the sudden onset of their illnesses. In response to this event
 the Jiangxi Province Center for Disease Control and Prevention and the Jiangxi Dairy Quality Supervision and Inspection Center conducted tests on samples of our products that were sold in the store where the infants&#8217; family purchased the formula and concluded that there was no link between the infant milk powder products and the death of the baby or the illness of his twin sister. However
 it is unclear what adverse impact this event has had on our reputation and results of operations.

In the past
 there have also been occurrences of counterfeiting and imitation of products in China that have been widely publicized. We cannot guarantee that contamination or counterfeiting or imitation of our or similar products will not occur in the future or that we will be able to detect it and deal with it effectively. Any occurrence of contamination or counterfeiting or imitation could negatively impact our corporate and brand image or consumers&#8217; perception of our products or similar nutritional products generally
 particularly if the counterfeit or imitation products cause injury or death to consumers. For example
 in April 2004
 sales of counterfeit and substandard infant formula in Anhui
 China caused the deaths of 13 infants as well as harming many others. Although this incident did not involve the counterfeiting of our products
 it caused significant negative publicity for the entire infant formula industry in China. The mere publication of information asserting that infant formula ingredients or products may be&#160;harmful could have a material adverse effect on us
 regardless of whether these reports are scientifically supported or concern our products or the raw materials used in our products.

We believe that the melamine contamination incident
 the prematurity event and any other adverse news related to formula products in China will also result in increased regulatory scrutiny of our industry
 which may result in increased costs and reduce our margins and profitability. The government has enhanced its regulations on the industry aimed to ensure the safety and quality of dairy products
 including but not limited to compulsory batch by batch inspection. This is likely to increase our operating costs and capital expenditure.

If we fail to obtain raw materials in the quantity and the quality we need
 and at commercially acceptable prices
 our results of operations
 financial condition and business prospects would be materially and adversely affected.

Our business requires certain key raw materials
 such as milk powder and whey protein powder. We may experience a shortage in the supply of certain raw materials in the future
 which could materially and adversely affect our production and results of operations. While our agreements with Sodiaal and Euroserum are intended to provide our supplies in the future
 the drying facility in Carhaix
 France is not expected to be operational until 2015. See &#8220;Liquidity and Capital Resources&#8221;. Other than these agreements
 we currently do not have guaranteed supply contracts with any other raw material suppliers
 and some of our suppliers may
 without notice or penalty
 terminate their relationship with us at any time. We also rely on a small number of suppliers for some of our raw materials
 such as whey protein powder and imported milk powder. We now use imported milk powder from New Zealand for all of our powered formula products as consumers have less confidence in domestically-produced milk powder. If any supplier is unwilling or unable to provide us with high quality raw materials in required quantities and at acceptable prices
 we may be unable to find alternative sources or at commercially acceptable prices
 on satisfactory terms
 in a timely manner
 or at all. Our inability to find or develop alternative sources could result in delays or reductions in production
 product shipments or a reduction in our profit margins. Moreover
 these suppliers may delay material shipments or supply us with inferior quality raw materials that may adversely impact the timely delivery or the quality of our products. If any of these events were to occur
 our product quality
 competitive position
 reputation and business could suffer.

In addition
 most of the raw materials used in our business are imported
 such as whey protein powder and milk powder. Our imported raw materials are subject to various PRC governmental permit requirements
 approval procedures and import duties
 and may also
 from time to time
 be subject to export controls and other legal restrictions imposed by foreign countries. Should the PRC government refuse to issue the necessary permits or approvals to us or our suppliers
 or take any administrative actions to limit imports of certain raw materials
 or if we or our suppliers fail to pay any required import duties
 or if governmental agencies or laws of foreign countries prevent the timely export of certain raw materials we require to China
 our ability to produce and sell our products in China could be materially and adversely affected. In addition
 import duties increase the cost of our products and may make them less competitive.

Finally
 certain suppliers of raw materials within our supply chain may contaminate our raw material supplies or provide us with substandard raw material supplies that adversely impact the quality of our products exposing our customers to health risks and damaging our reputation
 brand and financial condition. For a more detailed description of this risk
 and in particular the impact of the melamine contamination incident in China

 product liability claims
 recalls
 adverse publicity or negative public perception regarding particular ingredients or products or our industry in general could harm our reputation
&#160;damage our brand and adversely affect our results of operations
















Any interruption in our supply of milk powder could materially and adversely affect our results of operations
 financial condition and business prospects.

We currently import all of the milk powder used in the powdered formula production from New Zealand. The continuity of the milk powder supplies is of critical importance to our business. The importation of milk powder is influenced by numerous factors beyond our control
 including
 among other: (1) export control policy in the originating countries
 (2) China&#8217;s government policy and regulation on milk powder importation as well as China&#8217;s custom inspection standards and (3) acts of God such as natural disasters. Any interruption in our milk powder supplies could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
 financial condition and business prospects. In addition
 we currently source all of our milk powder from one supplier
 Fonterra. If Fonterra fails to deliver the milk powder we need on the terms we have agreed
 we may not be able to find an alternative source at a comparable price or on other favorable terms
 and any delays in securing an alternative source could result in production delays and late shipments of our products to distributors and end customers.




The raw materials we use are subject to price fluctuations due to various factors beyond our control
 including increasing market demand
 inflation
 severe climatic and environmental conditions
 commodity price fluctuations
 currency fluctuations
 changes in governmental and agricultural regulations and programs and other factors. We also expect that our raw material prices will continue to fluctuate and be affected by inflation in the future. Changes to our raw materials prices may result in increases in production and packaging costs
 and we may be unable to raise the prices of our products to offset these increased costs in the short-term or at all. As a result
 our results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.
















We might face inventory write-downs if we are unable to effectively manage inventory levels and/or prices decline. We maintain inventories of raw materials and finished products
 and our inventories may spoil.

Most of our finished products have an average shelf life of 18 to 24 months before the product is opened. Milk powder has a shelf life of 24 months. Whey protein has a shelf life of 12 months. Other additives have a shelf life from several months to several years. Our inventory levels are based
 in part
 on our expectations regarding future sales. We may in future periods experience inventory buildup if our sales slow for any reason. Any significant shortfall in sales may result in higher inventory levels of raw materials and finished products than we require
 thereby increasing our risk of inventory spoilage and corresponding inventory write-downs and write-offs
 which may materially and adversely affect our results of operations.


Any major outbreak of illness or disease relating to cows in the regions in which we import milk powder could lead to significant shortfalls in the supply of our milk powder
 and could result in consumers avoiding dairy products
 which could result in substantial declines in our sales and possibly substantial losses.

We import all of our milk powder from New Zealand
 and all of our whey protein powder from France. A major outbreak of any illness or disease in cows globally could lead to a serious loss of consumer confidence in
 and demand for
 dairy products. A major outbreak of mad cow disease (bovine spongiform encephalopathy)
 bovine tuberculosis
 or bovine TB
 or other serious disease in the principal regions supplying milk powder could lead to significant shortfalls in the supply of milk powder. Furthermore
 adverse publicity about these types of concerns
 whether or not valid
 may discourage consumers from buying dairy products or cause production and delivery disruptions. If consumers generally were to avoid our products
 our sales would decline substantially and we could suffer substantial losses.


We may experience problems with product quality or product performance
 or the perception of such problems
 which could materially and adversely affect our reputation or result in a decrease in customers and revenue
 unexpected expenses and loss of market share.

Our operating results depend
 in part
 on our ability to deliver high quality products on a timely and cost-effective manner. Our quality control and food safety management systems are complex. For example
 there are over 1
100 quality control points throughout the whole production process. If the quality of any of our products deteriorated
 it could result in delays in shipments
 cancellations of orders or customer returns and complaints
 loss of goodwill
 and harm to our brand and reputation. In addition
 following the melamine contamination incident
 we purchase all of the milk powder used for our powdered formula products from New Zealand. We may be unable to exercise the same degree of quality control over this overseas supplier as we can over our own facilities. Any quality problems associated with the milk powder produced by this supplier would also affect our products&#8217; quality and lead to negative publicity against us
 materially and adversely affecting our reputation and brand
 and causing a decrease in sales of our products and a loss of market share. For example
 the melamine contamination incident in China has resulted in certain of our products being contaminated
 impacting our brand and reputation.


















As with other infant formula producers
 we are also exposed to risks associated with product liability claims if the consumption of infant formula products we sell results in injury or death. We cannot predict what impact such product liability claims or resulting negative publicity would have on our business or on our brand image. The successful assertion of product liability claims against us could result in potentially significant monetary damages
 diversion of management resources and require us to make significant payments and incur substantial legal expenses. We do not have product liability insurance for powdered formula products sold in China and have not made provisions for potential product liability claims. Therefore
 we may not have adequate resources to satisfy a judgment if a successful claim is brought against us. Even if a product liability claim is not successfully pursued to judgment by a claimant
 we may still incur substantial legal expenses defending against such a claim and our brand image and reputation would suffer. Finally
 serious product quality concerns could result in governmental actions against us
 which
 among other things
 could result in the suspension of production or distribution of our products
 loss of certain licenses
 or other governmental penalties.

Our sales
 results of operations
 brand image and reputation could be materially and adversely affected if we fail to efficiently manage our operations without interruption
 or fail to ensure that our products are delivered on time.

Our business requires successful coordination of several sequential and complex processes
 the disruption of any of which could interrupt our operations and materially and adversely affect our relationships with our distributors
 sub-distributors and end-customers
 our brand name and reputation
 and our financial performance. Our operations involve the coordination of raw material sourcing from third parties
 internal production processes and external distribution processes. We may face difficulties in coordinating the various aspects of our production processes
 resulting in downtime and delays.

In addition
 we may encounter interruptions in our production processes due to a catastrophic loss or events beyond our control
 such as fires
 explosions
 labor disturbances
 earthquakes or other natural disasters. If there is a stoppage in production at any of our facilities
 even if only temporary
 or delays in deliveries to our customers
 our business and reputation could be materially and adversely affected. Along with many other producers of dairy and consumer products in China
 we generally rely on third-party logistics companies and distributors for the delivery of our products. Delivery may be disrupted for various reasons
 many of which are beyond our control
 including natural disasters
 weather conditions or social unrest and strikes
 which could lead to delayed or lost deliveries. In addition
 transportation and related infrastructure conditions are often generally under-developed in some of the regions where we sell our products. We currently do not have business interruption insurance to offset these potential losses
 delays and risks
 so a material interruption of our business operations could materially damage our business.
















We rely primarily on third-party distributors and cannot assure you that their marketing and distribution of our products will be effective or will not harm our brand and reputation. Moreover
 if we fail to timely identify and appoint additional or replacement distributors as needed
 or are unable to successfully manage our distribution network
 our operating results could suffer.

We primarily rely on third-party distributors and sub-distributors for the distribution and sales of our products. We sell our products through an extensive nationwide distribution and sales network covering all of the provinces and provincial-level municipalities in mainland China. As of March 31
 2013
 this network comprised over 670 independent distributors and over 680 independent sub-distributors who sell our products in approximately 27
000 retail outlets. Our distributors normally have exclusive distribution rights in their respective regions
 and are also responsible for developing the sub-distributors located in their own regions. In addition
 our distributors are not required to exclusively distribute our products. We typically do not enter into long-term agreements with distributors and have no control over their everyday business activities. Consequently
 our distributors may engage in activities that are prohibited under our arrangements with them
 that violate PRC laws and regulations governing the dairy industry or other PRC laws and regulations generally
 or that are otherwise harmful to our business or our reputation. Due to our dependence on distributors for the sale and distribution of our products to retail outlets
 any one of the following events could cause material fluctuations or declines in our revenue and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations:









reduction
 delay or cancellation of orders from one or more of our distributors;






























The competition for distributors is intense in our industry in China and many of our competitors are expanding their distribution networks in China. We may not be able to compete successfully against the larger and better-funded sales and marketing operations of some of our current or future competitors
 especially if these competitors provide more favorable arrangements for distributors. As a result
 we may lose some of our distributors to our competitors
 which may cause us to lose some or all of our favorable arrangements with such distributors and may even result in the termination of our relationships with some of our distributors. While we do not believe we are substantially dependent upon any individual distributor
 finding replacement distributors could be time-consuming and any resulting delay may be disruptive and costly to our business. In addition
 we may not be able to successfully manage our distributors and the cost of any consolidation or further expansion of our distribution network may exceed the revenue generated from these efforts. The occurrence of any of these factors could result in a significant decrease in the sales volume of our products and therefore materially harm our financial condition and results of operations.


We initiated a &#8220;gold mining&#8221; marketing strategy (&#8220;Strategy&#8220;) in September 2012 to strengthen our management of the sales channel
 the goal of which is to use marketing&#160;and promotional expenditures&#160;more effectively and to improve net profit by centrally monitoring the spending in each retail outlet. We have terminated our relationship with those retail outlets with low sales volume and a low yield rate on the slotting fees
 to focus our resources on those retail outlets with high sales volume and a higher yield rate on the slotting fees. As a result
 our number of retail outlets reduced from more than 60
000 at June 30
 2012 to approximately 27
000 at March 31
 2013. The Strategy had been substantially completed by March 31
 2013. We cannot be certain that the Strategy will produce the results as planned in the long term.




Consumer preferences evolve over time and the success of our products depends on our ability to identify the tastes and nutritional needs of our customers and to offer products that appeal to their preferences. We introduce new products and improved products from time to time and incur significant development and marketing costs. If our products fail to meet consumer preferences
 then our strategy to grow sales and profits with new products will be less successful.


More mothers may breastfeed their babies rather than use our products
 resulting in reduced demand for our products and adversely affecting our revenues.

Our results of operations are affected by the number of mothers who choose to use our products rather than breastfeeding their babies. Much publicly available data suggests that breastfeeding has many health benefits for the baby that cannot be replicated by dairy-based infant formula products. Additionally
 popular literature
 cultural pressure
 government policies and medical advice in China generally promote the benefits of breastfeeding. For example
 on August 1
 2007
 China&#8217;s Ministry of Health issued an Infant Feeding Strategy which promoted breastfeeding and requested all local relevant departments to publicize the benefits of breastfeeding through radio broadcasting
 television and newspapers during World Breastfeeding Week
 which took place in early August 2007. In November 2011
 the MOH of China submitted a proposal for public review that could ban promotions and advertising of infant formula for babies younger than six months. Thus
 to the extent that private
 public and government sources increasingly promote the benefits of breastfeeding
 there could be a reduced demand for our products and our revenues could be adversely affected.


















The infant formula industry can be affected by macro economic factors
 including changes in national
 regional
 and local economic conditions
 employment levels and consumer spending patterns.&#160;&#160;A prolonged slowdown in the Chinese or global economy could erode consumer confidence which could result in changes to consumer spending patterns
 which could be harmful to our financial position and results of operations.

In addition
 if the capital and credit markets continue to experience volatility and the availability of funds remains limited
 we will incur increased costs associated with equity and/or debt financing. It is possible that our ability to access the capital and credit markets may be limited by these or other factors at a time when we would like
 or need
 to do so
 which could have an adverse impact on our ability to refinance maturing debt and/or react to changing economic and business conditions. In addition
 fluctuations in interest rates could impact our floating rate debt negatively and increase our debt obligations.




We may increase our annual production capacity in the future to meet any expected increase in demand for our products. Our decision to increase our production capacity is based in part on our projections of increases in our sales volume and growth in the size of the infant formula product market in China. If actual customer demand does not meet our projections
 we will likely suffer overcapacity problems and have idle capacity
 which may materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our future success depends on our ability to expand our business to address expected growth in demand for our current and future products. Our ability to add production capacity and increase output is subject to significant risks and uncertainties
 including:









the availability and cost of additional funding to expand our production capacity
 build new processing and packaging facilities
 make additional investments in our subsidiaries
 acquire additional businesses or production facilities
 purchase additional fixed assets and purchase raw materials on favorable terms or at all;












delays and cost overruns as a result of a number of factors
 many of which may be beyond our control
 such as problems with equipment vendors and suppliers of raw materials;

























global or local shortage of raw materials
 such as raw milk or whey protein powder;












our inability to obtain
 or delays in obtaining
 required approvals by relevant government authorities;






























As our business grows
 we will need to implement a variety of new and upgraded operational and financial systems
 procedures and controls
 including improvements to our accounting and other internal management systems by dedicating additional resources to our reporting and accounting functions
 and improvements to our record keeping and contract tracking system. We will need to respond to competitive market conditions and continue to enhance existing products and develop new products
 and retain existing customers and attract new customers. We will also need to recruit more personnel and train and manage our growing employee base. Furthermore
 we will need to maintain and expand our relationships with our current and future customers
 suppliers
 distributors and other third parties
 and there is no guarantee that we will succeed.

If we encounter any of the risks described above
 or are otherwise unable to establish or successfully operate additional production capacity or to increase production output
 we may be unable to grow our business and revenues
 reduce our operating costs
 maintain our competitiveness or improve our profitability
 and our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected.

As discussed in &#8220;Liquidity and Capital Resources&#8221;
 we entered into a series of agreements with Sodiaal Union and Euroserum SAS relating to a long-term industrial and commercial partnership. Under the agreements
 we are committed to building a new drying facility in Carhaix
 France
 intended to manufacture powdered milk and fat-enriched demineralized whey. The estimated cost to build the facility is approximately Euro 90 million ($117 million)
 and we are currently negotiating with certain banks to obtain financing for this project. There is no assurance whether we will be able to obtain financing on satisfactory terms. In addition
 we cannot be certain whether there will be delays in the building of the facility. If there is a delay
 we are obligated to compensate Sodiaal and Euroserum for any losses that are incurred as a result of such delay. In addition
 we cannot be certain whether the facility will produce the quality and quantity of products as planned and whether the facility will encounter any mechanical or other issues in the future. Any of these issues could have a material adverse impact on our future operations and financial results.

















Any future expansion into new markets that we are currently not significantly represented may be costly
 time-consuming and difficult. If we do not successfully expand into new
 high growth markets we have identified
 our results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected.


Our future success may depend upon our ability to successfully expand into markets that we currently have low penetration rates. To further promote our brand and generate demand for our products in such markets
 we may increase our spending on marketing and promotion in specific geographical areas or channels. We may be unable to attract a sufficient number of distributors or penetrate a sufficient number of retail outlets to justify the spending on marketing and promotion in these markets
 or our selected distributors or outlets may not be suitable for selling our products in these markets for other reasons. We may also fail to attract new customers in such markets who may have less familiarity with our brand and products. Furthermore
 we may fail to anticipate and address competitive conditions in these new markets that are different from those in our existing primary markets. These competitive conditions may make it difficult or impossible for us to effectively operate in these markets. If our expansion efforts in existing and new markets are unsuccessful
 our results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected.


Part of our strategy involves the development of new products and new business segments
 and if we fail to timely develop new products or we incorrectly gauge the potential market for new products
 our financial results would be adversely affected.

We plan to utilize our in-house research and development capabilities to develop new products that could become new sources of revenue for us in the future and help us to diversify our revenue base. We have also entered into new business segments such as the prepared foods segment
 and the nutritional ingredients and supplements segment. Our future research and development efforts will focus on further expanding our product offerings beyond dairy-based nutritional products. If we fail to timely develop these and other new products or if we incorrectly gauge market demand for such new products
 we may not be able to grow our sales revenue at expected growth rates and may incur expenses and capital expenditure costs relating to the development of new products that do not generate a positive return on the investment.


We operate in a competitive environment
 which may lead to declining revenue growth or other circumstances that would negatively affect our results of operations.

The market for pediatric nutritional products is competitive
 and we believe that competition in this market will continue to intensify. We believe that the principal competitive factors in our markets are brand recognition
 quality
 advertising
 formulation
 packaging
 and price. We face significant competition from a number of competitors
 including multinational companies
 such as Abbot Laboratories&#8217; Ross Products Division
 Mead Johnson
 Nestle
 Numico and Wyeth
 and domestic companies
 such as Beingmate
 Yashili
 Feihe and Yili. See &#8220;Item 1. Business&#8212;Competition&#8221;. Many of our competitors have longer operating histories
 greater name recognition
 significantly larger market shares
 access to larger customer bases and significantly greater financial resources and economies of scale in financial
 sales and marketing
 production
 distribution
 technical and other resources than we do. Some of these competitors have used
 and we expect will continue to use
 more aggressive pricing strategies
 greater amounts of incentives and subsidies for distributors
 retailers and customers and more advanced processes and technologies. Furthermore
 consolidation among industry participants in China may potentially result in stronger domestic competitors that are better able to compete as end-to-end suppliers as well as competitors who are more specialized in particular areas and geographic markets. This could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects. In addition
 as a result of the melamine contamination incident
 customers have lost confidence in infant formula produced by domestic companies for the time being
 which gives multinational infant formula companies an advantage over us.

In order to compete successfully in our markets
 we will need to continue to restore customer confidence in our brand and products
 develop new products and enhance our product offerings while maintaining price competitiveness. Even if we successfully restore customer confidence
 if and to the extent we fail to develop new products that differentiate us from our competitors
 we may need to compete largely on price
 which may cause our operating margins to decline. Our inability to compete successfully against competitors and pricing pressures could result in lost customers
 loss of market share and reduced operating margins
 which would adversely impact our results of operations.
















If we grant employee stock options and other stock-based compensation in the future
 we will be required to recognize stock-based compensation expense
 which would adversely affect our results of operations.

As of the date of this Form 10-K
 we have not granted any stock-based compensation and thus have not been required to reflect any such expenses in our results of operations. We adopted a stock -based compensation plan in June 2008 and may grant certain employees and directors stock-based compensation
 which we believe could be important to attract and retain key personnel. We will be required to account for compensation costs for all stock options
 including stock options granted to our directors and employees
 using the fair value method and recognize the expense in our consolidated statement of operations
 which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.


We may be exposed to liabilities under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 and any determination that we violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practice Act
 or the FCPA
 and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials and political parties by U.S. persons and issuers as defined by the statute for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We have operations
 agreements with third parties and make sales in China
 which may experience corruption. Our activities in China create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of the employees
 consultants
 sales agents or distributors of our company
 because these parties are not always subject to our control. It is our policy to implement safeguards to discourage these practices by our employees. However
 our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective
 and the employees
 consultants
 sales agents or distributors of our Company may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions
 and we may be subject to other liabilities
 which could negatively affect our business
 operating results and financial condition. In additions
 the government may seek to hold our Company liable for successor liability of FCPA violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire.


If we are unable to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting
 we may be unable to accurately report our financial results
 or prevent fraud.

We have previously experienced certain material weaknesses and significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting. In connection with our management's assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2012
 a material weakness was identified. A material weakness is defined by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 or PCAOB
 as a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

We have taken steps to remediate the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting
 and we believe that the material weakness previously identified has been fully remediated as of March 31
 2013
 see &#8220;Part II. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures&#8221;. However
 there can be no assurance that any current or future deficiencies will not contribute to
 or cause
 possible material weaknesses in the future or
 that we will be able to implement effectively new or improved controls. In addition
 our management or our independent registered public accounting firm may determine that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective in the future.

&#160;Moreover
 a lack of effective internal control over financial reporting in the future could cause us to fail to provide accurate financial statements or fail to meet our reporting obligations
 either of which could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information
 and have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. Our failure to meet our reporting obligations in a timely fashion may also lead to the delisting of our common stock by the NASDAQ Global Select Market.
















Our success depends to a substantial degree upon our senior management and key personnel
 and our business operations may be significantly and negatively affected if we fail to attract and retain highly competent senior management and key personnel.

Our future success depends substantially on the continued services of our key personnel including
 particularly
 Liang Zhang
 our chairman and chief executive officer. We rely substantially on their experience in the dairy and nutritional products industry
 and on their relationships and ability to work with our suppliers and distributors and other customers. If we lose the services of one or more of these key personnel
 we may not be able to replace them readily
 if at all
 with suitable or qualified candidates
 and may incur additional expenses to recruit and retain new officers and key personnel
 which could severely disrupt our business and growth. We do not maintain key-man life insurance for any of our key personnel.

In addition
 if any of these key personnel joins a competitor or forms a competing company
 we may lose some of our distributors. We have entered into employment agreements with each of these key personnel
 which contain confidentiality and non-competition provisions. However
 if any disputes were to arise between these key personnel and us
 it is not clear
 in light of uncertainties associated with the PRC legal system
 what the court decisions would be and the extent to which these court decisions could be enforced in China
.&#8221; Furthermore
 as we expect to continue to expand our operations and develop new products
 we will need to continue attracting and retaining experienced management and key research and development personnel.

Competition for experienced management and research and development personnel in China is intense
 and the availability of experienced
 suitable and qualified candidates is limited. Competition for these individuals may require us to pay higher compensation and other benefits in order to attract and retain them
 which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We may also be unable to attract or retain the personnel necessary to achieve our business objectives
 and any failure in this regard could severely disrupt our business and growth.




Liang Zhang
 our founder
 chairman
 chief executive officer and principal beneficial stockholder
 controls several other companies in China. Liang Zhang devotes most of his time to our affairs and the remainder of his time to the affairs of the other companies. Liang Zhang&#8217;s decision-making responsibilities for these other companies are similar in the areas of public relations
 risk management and strategic planning. As a result
 conflicts of interest may arise from time to time and we cannot assure you that they will be resolved in our favor. Additionally
 even though Liang Zhang devotes most of his time to our affairs and is further accountable to us and our stockholders as a fiduciary
 which requires that he exercise good faith and due care in handling our affairs
 we cannot assure you this will always be the case and his existing responsibilities to other businesses and entities may limit the amount of time he can spend on our affairs.


Our chairman and chief executive officer
 Liang Zhang
 beneficially owns a substantial amount of our common stock and will have significant influence over our corporate affairs.

Our founder
 chairman and chief executive officer
 Liang Zhang
 beneficially owns approximately 62.8% of our outstanding common stock through a company owned by his wife as of March 31
 2013. Accordingly
 Liang Zhang will be able to direct the outcome of matters requiring approval of the stockholders
 including the election of our directors and other corporate actions such as:



























































We have
 in the past
 obtained loans and sold our common stock to raise additional capital. We have committed to certain capacity expansion projects
 in particular the French Project which requires a total investment of Euro 90 million ($117 million). Although we believe that our current cash
 and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our present and reasonably anticipated cash needs
 there is no assurance that we will be able to generate the required equity portion of the investment in the French Project from our operation cash flow
 or raise the required debt portion of the French Project investment. Failure to do so may cause us to delay or abandon the French Project
 which in turn&#160;will lead to penalties by Euroserum and Sodiaal as permitted under the partnership agreement
 the deterioration of our relationship with Euroserum and Sodiaal
 and potentially other material adverse impact on our business. Any additional equity financing may be dilutive to stockholders and such additional equity securities may have rights
 preferences or privileges that are senior to those of our existing common stock. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could require us to agree to&#160;operating and financial covenants that would restrict our operations. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operating activities or obtain funds for required payments of interest and principal on such additional indebtedness
 or if we fail to comply with our debt covenants
 we will be in default. Financing may not be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us
 if at all. Any failure by us to raise additional funds on terms favorable to us
 or at all
 could limit our ability to expand our business operations and could harm our overall business prospects.



Operation of our facilities involves many risks
 including equipment failures
 natural disasters
 industrial accidents
 power outages
 labor disturbances and other business interruptions. Furthermore
 if any of our products are faulty or contaminated
 then we may become subject to product liability claims or we may have to engage in a product recall.

We do not carry any business interruption insurance
 and have limited property insurance coverage. Therefore
 our existing insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all risks associated with our business. As a result
 we may be required to pay for financial and other losses
 damages and liabilities
 including those caused by natural disasters and other events beyond our control
 out of our own funds
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. For example
 all of the costs we have incurred to date and may incur in the future that are related to our product recall in connection with the melamine contamination incident is not covered by our existing insurance policies.
















Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property rights may undermine our competitive position
 and litigation to protect our intellectual property rights may be costly.

We rely primarily on trade secrets and other contractual restrictions to protect our intellectual property. We have not registered or applied for protections in China for most of our intellectual property or proprietary technologies relating to the formulations of powdered infant formula that we produce. In order to protect our proprietary technology and processes
 we also rely in part on nondisclosure agreements with our employees
 licensing partners
 third-party producers
 consultants
 agents and other organizations to which we disclose our proprietary information. The actions we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights may not be adequate to provide us with meaningful protection or commercial advantage. As a result
 third parties may use the intellectual property or proprietary technologies that we have developed and compete with us
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and operating results.

PRC intellectual property-related laws and their implementation are still under development. Accordingly
 intellectual property rights and confidentiality protections in China may not be as effective as in the United States or many other countries. In addition
 policing unauthorized use of proprietary technology can be difficult and expensive. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights and the outcome of any such litigation may not be in our favor. Given the relative unpredictability of China&#8217;s legal system and potential difficulties enforcing a court judgment in China
 there is no guarantee that we would be able to halt the unauthorized use of our intellectual property through litigation in a timely manner or at all. Furthermore
 any such litigation may be costly and may divert management attention away from our business and cause us to expend significant resources. An adverse determination in any such litigation will impair our intellectual property rights and may harm our business
 prospects and reputation. In addition
 we have no insurance coverage against litigation costs and would have to bear all costs arising from such litigation to the extent we are unable to recover them from other parties. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse impact on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


We may be exposed to infringement or misappropriation claims by third parties
 which
 if determined adversely against us
 could disrupt our business and subject us to significant liability to third parties.



There may also be technologies licensed to and relied on by us that are subject to infringement or other corresponding allegations or claims by others which could damage our ability to rely on such technologies. In addition
 although we endeavor to ensure that companies that work with us possess appropriate intellectual property rights or licenses
 we cannot fully avoid the risks of intellectual property rights infringement created by suppliers of raw materials used in our products
 our third-party producers
 or by companies with which we work in cooperative research and development activities. Our current or potential competitors
 many of which have substantial resources and have made substantial investments in competing technologies
 may have obtained or may obtain patents that will prevent
 limit or interfere with our ability to make
 use or sell our products in China or other countries. The defense of intellectual property claims
 including patent infringement suits
 and related legal and administrative proceedings can be both costly and time-consuming
 and may significantly divert the efforts and resources of our technical and management personnel. Furthermore
 an adverse determination in any such litigation or proceeding to which we may become a party could cause us to:






















seek licenses from third parties
 which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all;












pay additional ongoing royalties
 which could decrease our profit margins;












redesign our products
 which may be costly
 if possible at all; or

















These factors could effectively prevent us from pursuing some or all of our business and result in our customers or potential customers deferring
 canceling or limiting their purchase or use of our products
 which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

&#160;Increased IT security threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems
 networks
 products
 solutions and services.


Increased global IT security threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality
 availability and integrity of our data. While we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures
 our systems
 networks
 products
 solutions and services remain potentially vulnerable to advanced persistent threats. Depending on their nature and scope
 such threats could potentially lead to the compromising of confidential information
 improper use of our systems and networks
 manipulation and destruction of data
 defective products
 production downtimes and operational disruptions
 which in turn could materially adversely affect our reputation
 competitiveness and results of operations.



















Adverse changes in political and economic policies of the PRC government could impede the overall economic growth of China
 which could reduce the demand for our products and damage our business.

We conduct our operations and generate all of our revenues in China. Accordingly
 our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects are affected significantly by economic
 political and legal developments in China. The PRC economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects
 including:















































































As the PRC economy has been transitioning from a planned economy to a more market-oriented economy
 the PRC government has implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. While these measures may benefit the overall PRC economy
 they may also have a negative effect on us.

Although the PRC government has in recent years implemented measures emphasizing the utilization of market forces for economic reform
 the PRC government continues to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the PRC economy through the allocation of resources
 controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations
 setting monetary policy and imposing policies that impact particular industries or companies in different ways. Our ability to operate in China may be harmed by changes in PRC laws and regulations
 including those relating to how we conduct our business
 taxation
 import and export tariffs
 environmental regulations
 land use rights
 property and other matters. We believe that our operations in China are in material compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. However
 the central or local governments of the jurisdictions in which we operate may impose new
 stricter regulations or interpretations of existing regulations that would require additional expenditures and efforts on our part to ensure our compliance with such regulations or interpretations.

Accordingly
 government actions in the future
 including any decision not to continue to support recent economic reforms and to return to a more centrally planned economy or regional or local variations in the implementation of economic policies
 could have a significant adverse effect on economic conditions in China or particular regions thereof and could require us to divest ourselves of any interest we then hold in PRC properties or joint ventures.

















PRC food hygiene and safety laws may become more onerous
 which may adversely affect our operations and financial performance and lead to an increase in our costs which we may be unable to pass on to our customers.

Operators within the PRC dairy industry and infant formula sector are subject to compliance with PRC food hygiene and safety laws and regulations. Such laws and regulations require all enterprises engaged in the production of dairy and infant formula products to obtain a hygiene license. They also set out hygiene standards with respect to food and food additives
 packaging and containers
 and labeling on packaging as well as hygiene requirements for food production and sites
 facilities and equipment used for the transportation and the sale of food. Failure to comply with PRC food hygiene and safety laws may result in fines
 suspension of operations
 loss of hygiene license and
 in certain cases
 criminal proceedings against an enterprise and its management. Although we are in compliance with current PRC food hygiene and safety laws and regulations
 in the event that such laws and regulations become more stringent or widen in scope
 we may fail to comply with such laws
 or if we comply
 our production and distribution costs may increase
 and we may be unable to pass these additional costs on to our customers. For example
 in response to the melamine contamination incident
 the PRC State Council abolished the regulations on inspection exemptions for food on September 18
 2008 so that our products were to be subject to batch by batch inspection going forward. In addition
 the PRC State Council promulgated with immediate effect the Regulation on Supervision and Administration of Quality and Safety of Dairy Products on October 9
 2008 which
 among other things
 imposes more stringent requirements for inspection
 production
 packaging
 labeling and product recall on dairy product producers. These measures have increased our costs in the past and are likely to continue to contribute to our costs in the future
 which costs we may be unable to pass on to our customers.




The dairy and infant nutrition product industries in China are regulated and regulatory changes may affect both our customers and us. Any changes in regulations that impose additional requirements for construction of new production lines and facilities or expansion of existing facilities will require us to secure additional government approvals for our current production expansion projects. Similarly
 additional safety and quality control regulations could impact our costs of production. For example
 on June 26
 2009
 NDRC and MIIT jointly
 promulgated the Dairy Industry Policies (2009 Version)
 or the Policies. The Policies impose new conditions that an entity must satisfy in order to engage
 or continue to engage
 in the dairy products processing business. For a more detailed description of these requirements
 see &#8220;Item 1. Business&#8212;Regulation&#8221;. Although we believe our existing entities and facilities meet the Policies requirements
 it is possible that our future expansion plans or the establishment of new entities may fail to meet one or more of the requirements under the Policies in the future. Failure to comply with these or any other changes in regulations affecting our business could have a material adverse effect on our business and our results of operations. In addition
 the indirect impact of any such changes could adversely affect our business even if the specific regulations do not directly apply to our products or us.




We conduct our business through our operating subsidiaries in China. Our operating subsidiaries are generally subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investments in China and
 in particular
 laws applicable to foreign-invested enterprises. The PRC legal system is based on written statutes
 and prior court decisions may be cited for reference
 but have limited precedential value. Over the past several decades
 a series of new PRC laws and regulations have significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investments in China. However
 since the PRC legal system continues to rapidly evolve
 the interpretations of many laws
 regulations and rules are not always uniform and enforcement of these laws
 regulations and rules involve uncertainties
 which may limit legal protections available to you and us. In addition
 any litigation in China may be protracted and result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention.
















If we are found to have failed to comply with applicable laws
 we may incur additional expenditures or be subject to significant fines and penalties.

Our operations are subject to PRC laws and regulations applicable to us. However
 many PRC laws and regulations are uncertain in their scope
 and the implementation of such laws and regulations in different localities could have significant differences. In certain instances
 local implementation rules and/or the actual implementation are not necessarily consistent with the regulations at the national level. Although we strive to comply with all the applicable PRC laws and regulations
 we cannot assure you that the relevant PRC government authorities will not later determine that we have not been in compliance with certain laws or regulations. For example
 there is a PRC regulation requiring all employees to make contributions to a housing fund based on their salary level and their employers to match such contributions. However
 many employees are reluctant to make such contributions as they do not perceive such contribution will benefit them
 and this regulation has generally not been rigorously enforced. We have allowed our employees to make contributions on a voluntary basis and then match their contributions. However
 we cannot assure you that in the future the PRC government will not start to enforce this regulation more rigorously. Although there are no material penalties stipulated in this regulation
 if we are found not to be in compliance
 we may be required to bring current any past deficiencies
 which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

In addition
 our facilities and products are subject to many laws and regulations administered by the PRC State Administration for Industry and Commerce
 the PRC State Administration of Taxation
 the PRC Ministry of Health and Hygiene Permitting Office
 the PRC General Administration of Quality Supervision
 Inspection and Quarantine
 and the PRC State Food and Drug Administration Bureau relating to the processing
 packaging
 storage
 distribution
 advertising
 labeling
 quality
 and safety of food products. Our failure to comply with these and other applicable laws and regulations in China could subject us to administrative penalties and injunctive relief
 as well as civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions and recalls of our products. It is possible that changes to such laws
 more rigorous enforcement of such laws or with respect to our current or past practices
 could have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating results and financial condition. Further
 additional environmental
 health or safety issues relating to matters that are not currently known to management may result in unanticipated liabilities and expenditures.




All of our sales revenue is denominated in Renminbi. Under PRC law
 the Renminbi is currently convertible under the &#8220;current account
&#8221; which includes dividends and trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions
 but not under the &#8220;capital account
&#8221; which includes foreign direct investment and loans. Currently
 our PRC operating subsidiaries may purchase foreign currencies for settlement of current account transactions
 including payments of dividends to us
 without the approval of the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange
 or SAFE
 by complying with certain procedural requirements. However
 the relevant PRC government authorities may limit or eliminate our ability to purchase foreign currencies in the future.

The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of the RMB into foreign currencies and
 in certain cases
 the remittance of currency out of China. We receive substantially all of our revenues in RMB. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations
 payments of current account items
 including profit distributions
 interest payments and trade and service related foreign exchange transactions
 can be made in foreign currencies without prior SAFE approval by complying with certain procedural requirements. Therefore
 after complying with certain procedural requirements
 our PRC subsidiaries are able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to us without prior approval from SAFE. However
 approval from or registration with appropriate government authorities is required where RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of loans denominated in foreign currencies. The PRC government may also at its discretion restrict access to foreign currencies for current account transactions in the future. If the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currencies to satisfy our foreign currency demands
 we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders.
















Recent PRC regulations relating to investment activities by
 and holdings in entities outside of China of
 PRC residents and citizens
 may subject our PRC resident and citizen stockholders to personal liability and limit our ability to acquire PRC companies or to inject capital into our PRC subsidiaries
 limit our PRC subsidiaries&#8217; ability to distribute profits to us or otherwise materially and adversely affect us.

In October 2005
 SAFE issued a public notice
 the Notice on Relevant Issues in the Foreign Exchange Control over Financing and Return Investment Through Special Purpose Companies by Residents Inside China
 or Notice 75. In May 2007
 SAFE issued the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Operating Procedures Concerning Issues Relating to the Administration of Foreign Exchange in Fund Raising and Return Investment Activities of Domestic Residents Conducted via Offshore Special Purpose Companies
 or Notice 106. According to Notice 75 and Notice 106
 prior registration with the local SAFE branch is required for PRC residents to establish or to control an offshore company for the purposes of financing that offshore company with assets or equity interests in an onshore enterprise located in the PRC. An amendment to registration or filing with the local SAFE branch by such PRC resident is also required for the injection of equity interests or assets of an onshore enterprise in the offshore company or overseas funds raised by such offshore company
 or any other material change involving a change in the capital of the offshore company. Moreover
 Notice 75 and Notice 106 apply retroactively. As a result
 PRC residents who have established or acquired control of offshore companies that have made onshore investments in the PRC in the past were required to complete the relevant registration with the local SAFE branch. If any PRC stockholder of any offshore special purpose company fails to make the required SAFE registration and amendment
 the PRC subsidiaries of that offshore special purpose company may be prohibited from distributing their profits and the proceeds from any reduction in capital
 share transfer or liquidation to the offshore special purpose company. Moreover
 failure to comply with the SAFE registration and amendment requirements described above could result in liability under PRC laws for evasion of applicable foreign exchange restrictions.

Many of the terms and provisions in Notice 75 and Notice 106 remain unclear and implementation by central SAFE and local SAFE branches of Notice 75 and Notice 106 have been inconsistent since their adoption. Based on the advice of our PRC counsel
 De Heng Law Offices
 and after consultation with relevant SAFE officials
 our PRC resident stockholders and the PRC resident beneficial stockholders of Meitek may be required to complete their respective SAFE registrations pursuant to Notice 75 and Notice 106. The local SAFE branch may not accept their applications for SAFE registration until more detailed rules or announcements concerning the penalties for those who failed to make their SAFE registrations are implemented. Moreover
 because of uncertainty over how Notice 75 and Notice 106 will be interpreted and implemented
 and how or whether SAFE will apply it to us
 we cannot predict how it will affect our business operations or future strategies. For example
 our present and prospective PRC subsidiaries&#8217; ability to conduct foreign exchange activities
 such as the remittance of dividends and foreign currency-denominated borrowings
 may be subject to compliance with Notice 75 and Notice 106 by our PRC resident beneficial holders. In addition
 such PRC residents may not always be able to complete the necessary registration procedures required by Notice 75 and Notice 106. We also have little control over either our present or prospective direct or indirect stockholders
 the PRC resident beneficial stockholders of Meitek
 or the outcome of such registration procedures. A failure by our PRC resident beneficial holders or future PRC resident stockholders to comply with the SAFE notice
 if SAFE requires it
 could subject us to fines or legal sanctions
 restrict our overseas or cross-border investment activities
 limit our subsidiary&#8217;s ability to make distributions or pay dividends or affect our ownership structure
 which could adversely affect our business and prospects.




The value of our common stock will be indirectly affected by the foreign exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Renminbi and between those currencies and other currencies in which our sales may be denominated. Because our earnings and cash assets are denominated in Renminbi
 appreciation or depreciation in the value of the Renminbi relative to the U.S. dollar would affect our financial results reported in U.S. dollar terms without giving effect to any underlying change in our business or results of operations. Fluctuations in the exchange rate will also affect the relative value of any dividend we issue that will be exchanged into U.S. dollars and earnings from
 and the value of
 any U.S. dollar-denominated investments we make in the future.

Since July 2005
 the Renminbi has no longer been pegged to the U.S. dollar. Although the People&#8217;s Bank of China
 or PBOC
 regularly intervenes in the foreign exchange market to prevent significant short-term fluctuations in the exchange rate
 the Renminbi may appreciate or depreciate significantly in value against the U.S. dollar in the medium to long-term. Moreover
 it is possible that in the future the PRC authorities may lift restrictions on fluctuations in the Renminbi exchange rate and lessen intervention in the foreign exchange market.

Very limited hedging transactions are available in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. To date
 we have not entered into any hedging transactions in an effort to reduce our exposure to foreign currency exchange risk. While we may enter into hedging transactions in the future
 the availability and effectiveness of these transactions may be limited
 and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure at all. In addition
 our foreign currency exchange losses may be magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert Renminbi into foreign currencies.

Currently
 some of our raw materials and major equipment are imported. In the event that the U.S. dollar appreciated against the Renminbi
 our costs may increase. If we cannot pass the resulting cost increases on to our customers
 our profitability and operating results will suffer. In addition
 to the extent we enter markets outside China in the future
 we may be increasingly subject to the risk of foreign currency fluctuations.
















Restrictions under PRC law on our PRC subsidiaries&#8217; ability to make dividends and other distributions could materially and adversely affect our ability to grow
 make investments or acquisitions that could benefit our business
 pay dividends to our shareholders
 and otherwise fund and conduct our businesses.

Our revenues are earned by our PRC subsidiaries. However
 PRC regulations restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make dividends and other payments to their offshore parent company. PRC legal restrictions permit payments of dividend by our PRC subsidiaries only out of their accumulated after-tax profits
 if any
 determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Each of our PRC subsidiaries is also required under PRC laws and regulations to allocate at least 10% of our annual after-tax profits determined in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles in the PRC (&#8220;PRC GAAP&#8221;) to a statutory general reserve fund until the amounts in such fund reaches 50% of our registered capital. Allocations to these statutory reserve funds can only be used for specific purposes and are not transferable to us in the form of loans

 2013
 the common stock
 additional paid-in capital and statutory reserve of PRC subsidiaries were RMB 1017.4 million
 which were equivalent to $162.3 million using the exchange rate as of March 31

 make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our business
 pay dividends and otherwise fund and conduct our business.


Under China&#8217;s New Enterprise Income Tax Law (&#8220;EIT Law&#8221;)
 we may be classified as a &#8220;resident enterprise&#8221; of China. This classification could result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders.

The New EIT Law provides that enterprises established outside of China whose &#8220;de facto management bodies&#8221; are located in China are considered &#8220;resident enterprises&#8221; and are generally subject to the uniform 25% enterprise income tax rate on their worldwide income. In addition
 a circular issued by the State Administration of Taxation regarding the standards used to classify certain Chinese-invested enterprises established outside of China as &#8220;resident enterprises&#8221; clarified that dividends and other income paid by such &#8220;resident enterprises&#8221; will be considered to be PRC source income
 subject to PRC withholding tax
 currently at a rate of 10%
 when recognized by non-PRC shareholders. This circular also subjects such &#8220;resident enterprises&#8221; to various reporting requirements with the PRC tax authorities. Under the implementation regulations to the enterprise income tax
 a &#8220;de facto management body&#8221; is defined as a body that has material and overall management and control over the manufacturing and business operations
 personnel and human resources
 finances and treasury
 and acquisition and disposition of properties and other assets of an enterprise. In addition
 the circular mentioned above details that certain Chinese-invested enterprises will be classified as &#8220;resident enterprises&#8221; if the following are located or reside in China: senior management personnel and departments that are responsible for daily production
 operation and management; financial and personnel decision making bodies; key properties
 accounting books
 company seal
 and minutes of board meetings and shareholders&#8217; meetings; and half or more of the directors or senior management having voting rights. If the PRC tax authorities determine that Synutra
 Inc. or Synutra International
 Inc. are &#8220;resident enterprises
&#8221; we may be subject to enterprise income tax at the rate of 25% on our worldwide income and dividends paid by us to our non-PRC shareholders and
 while less clear
 capital gains recognized by them with respect to the sale of our stock
 may be subject to a PRC withholding tax. This will have an impact on our effective tax rate
 a material adverse effect on our net income and results of operations
 and may require us to withhold tax on our non-PRC shareholders. We are actively monitoring the &#8220;resident enterprise&#8221; classification rules and are evaluating appropriate organizational changes to avoid this treatment
 to the extent possible.

If we were treated as a &#8220;resident enterprise&#8221; by PRC tax authorities
 we would be subject to tax in both the U.S. and China
 and our PRC tax may not be creditable against our U.S. tax.


















We are a Delaware holding company and most of our assets are located outside of the United States. All of our current operations are conducted in the PRC. In addition
 most of our directors and officers are nationals and residents of countries other than the United States. A substantial portion of the assets of these persons is located outside the United States. As a result
 it may be difficult for our shareholders to effect service of process within the United States upon these persons. It may also be difficult for our shareholders to enforce in U.S. courts judgments on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against us and our officers and directors. In addition
 there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the PRC would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts. DeHeng Law Offices
 our counsel as to PRC law
 has advised us that the recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments are provided for under the PRC Civil Procedures Law. Courts in China may recognize and enforce foreign judgments in accordance with the requirements of the PRC Civil Procedures Law based on treaties between China and the country where the judgment is made or on reciprocity between jurisdictions. China does not have any treaties or other arrangements that provide for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments with the United States. In addition
 according to the PRC Civil Procedures Law
 courts in the PRC will not enforce a foreign judgment against us or our directors and officers if they decide that the judgment violates basic principles of PRC law or national sovereignty
 security or public interest. So it is uncertain whether a PRC court would enforce a judgment rendered by a court in the United States.




In recent years
 the Chinese economy has experienced periods of rapid expansion and high rates of inflation. Rapid economic growth can lead to growth in the money supply and rising inflation. 
 in April 2013
 the change in China&#8217;s Consumer Price Index increased 2.4% from the prior year according to the National Bureau of Statistics of China
 or the NBS. If prices for our products rise at a rate that is insufficient to compensate for the rise in the costs of supplies

 our labor costs could increase as a result of inflationary pressures. An increase in our labor costs will increase our operating costs

 from time to time
 of various corrective measures designed to restrict the availability of credit or regulate growth and constrain inflation. High inflation may in the future cause the Chinese government to impose controls on credit and/or prices
 or to take other actions
 which could inhibit economic activity in China
 and thereby harm the market for our products.

In the last few years
 the government of China has undertaken various measures to alleviate the effects of inflation
 including imposing national price controls on various products
 including milk. The government of China may conclude that the prices of infant formula or our other products are too high and may institute price controls that would limit our ability to set prices for our products. The government of China has also encouraged local governments to institute price controls on similar products. Such price controls could adversely affect our future results of operations and the price of our common stock.




















PRC laws and regulations currently restrict foreign entities from establishing clinical business in China. Foreign entities that wish to establish medical clinical businesses in China must have domestic entities as partners. In order to comply with PRC law and avoid restrictions on foreign investment in medical clinical operations
 we operate our medical treatment services (mostly pre-natal diagnostics services) through several entities (the &#8220;Several Entities&#8221;) that are not directly owned by us. These Several Entities included Nanjing Shengyuan Huiren Clinical Examination Co.
 Ltd. which was disposed of in May 2013
 Heilongjiang Shengyuan Huiren Clinical Examination Co.
 Ltd which was in pre-operating status and had not been equipped with necessary equipment
 Taiyuan Shengyuan Huiren Clinical Examination Co.
 Ltd. and Shijiazhuang Shengyuan Huiren Clinical Examination Co.
 Ltd. which were disposed of in January 2013
 and will include the Shengyuan Huimin Medical Inspection Laboratory which is expected to commence operations by the end of calendar year 2013. We control and consolidate these entities into our group consolidated results through a series of contractual arrangements. See &#8220;Item 1
 Business&#8212;Our Corporate Structure and History&#8221; and &#8220;Item 13.&#160;&#160;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.&#8221;


The contractual arrangements we have in place are governed by PRC law.&#160;&#160;There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current and future PRC laws and regulations on these contractual agreements and it is possible that the PRC authorities may in the future find these arrangements unlawful. If these arrangements were to be deemed unlawful
 the PRC authorities have broad discretion to penalize us
 including:


































































Furthermore
 we have no assurance that Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang
 parties to these control agreements
 will continue to cooperate with us and honor these control agreements.&#160;&#160;There is a risk that they will not always act in our best interests.&#160;&#160;If we cannot resolve any conflicts of interest or dispute that may arise between them and us
 we may have to take legal action to compel them to fulfill their contractual obligations and there is substantial uncertainty as to the outcome of any such legal proceedings.&#160;&#160;It may be difficult for us to change our corporate structure or to bring claims against the Several Entities if they do not perform their obligations under these contractual arrangements.


The audit reports included in this annual report are prepared by auditors who are not inspected by the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and
 as such
 investors may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection.


As an auditor of companies that are publicly traded in the United States and a firm registered with the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 or the PCAOB
 our independent registered public accounting firm is required by the laws in the United States to undergo regular inspections by the PCAOB to assess its compliance with the laws of the United States and the professional standards of the PCAOB. However
 because our auditor is located in the PRC
 a jurisdiction where the PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections without the approval of the Chinese authorities
 our auditor is not currently inspected by the PCAOB.


Inspections of other auditors conducted by the PCAOB outside of China have at times identified deficiencies in those auditor&#8217;s audit procedures and quality control procedures
 which may be addressed as part of the inspection process to improve future audit quality. The lack of PCAOB inspections in China prevents the PCAOB from regularly evaluating our auditor's audits and its quality control procedures. In addition
 the inability of the PCAOB to conduct auditor inspections in China makes it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of our auditor's audit procedures or quality control procedures as compared to auditors located outside of China that are subject to regular PCAOB inspections. As a result
 investors may be deprived of the benefits of PCAOB inspections
 and may lose confidence in our reported financial information and procedures and the quality of our financial statements.





Recently
 the SEC commenced administrative proceedings under Rule 102(e) of its Rules of Practice and also under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 against the Chinese affiliates of the &#8216;&#8216;big four&#8217;&#8217; accounting firms
 including our auditors
 and also against BDO China Dahua. The Rule 102(e) proceedings initiated by the SEC relate to these firms&#8217; failure to produce documents
 including audit workpapers
 to the request of the SEC pursuant to Section 106 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 as the auditors located in the PRC are not in a position lawfully to produce documents directly to the SEC because of restrictions under PRC law and specific directives issued by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. As the administrative proceedings are ongoing
 it is impossible to determine their outcome or the consequences thereof to us. The issues raised by the proceedings are not specific to our auditors. or to us
 but affect equally all audit firms based in China and all China-based businesses with securities listed in the United States.


However
 if the administrative judge were to find in favor of the SEC under the proceeding and depending upon the remedies sought by the SEC
 these audit firms could be barred from practicing before the SEC. As a result
 listed companies in the United States with major PRC operations may find it difficult or impossible to retain auditors in respect of their operations in the PRC
 which may result in their delisting. Moreover
 any negative news about the proceedings against these audit firms may erode investor confidence in China-based
 United States listed companies and the market price of our shares may be adversely affected.



















The market price of our common stock is volatile
 and its value may be depressed at a time when our stockholders want to sell their holdings.

The market price of our common stock is volatile
 and this volatility may continue. For instance
 between July 1
 2008 and March 31
 2013
 the price of our common stock
 as reported on the NASDAQ on which our common stock has traded
 ranged between $3.99 and $52.24. Though we believe this dramatic fluctuation resulted mainly from volatility in our earnings
 which is attributable to various events including
 but not limited to the melamine contamination incident
 the prematurity event and the worldwide market disruption
 numerous factors
 many of which are beyond our control
 may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly.

In addition to market and industry factors
 the price and trading volume for our common stock may be highly volatile for specific business reasons. Factors such as variations in our revenues
 earnings and cash flow
 announcements of new investments
 cooperation arrangements or acquisitions
 and fluctuations in market prices for our products could cause the market price for our shares to change substantially. In addition
 our stock price may be impacted by the performance
 reputation
 or stock prices of other Chinese companies that are listed in the U.S.



The trading market for our common stock will also be influenced by research or reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock
 the market price for our common stock would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us
 we could lose visibility in the financial markets
 which
 in turn
 could cause the market price for our common stock or trading volume to decline.

Furthermore
 securities markets may from time to time experience significant price and volume fluctuations for reasons unrelated to operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our common stock and other interests in our company at a time when our stockholders want to sell their interest in us.


Although publicly traded
 the trading market in our common stock has been substantially less liquid than the common stock of many companies quoted on the NASDAQ Global Select Market
 and this low trading volume may adversely affect the price of our common stock.

Although our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market
 the trading volume of our common stock has generally been very low. Reported average daily trading volume in our common stock for the twelve month period ended March 31
 2013 was approximately 30
372 shares. Limited trading volume will subject our shares of common stock to greater price volatility and may make it difficult for our stockholders to sell their shares of common stock at a price that is attractive to them.














our board of directors is divided into three classes
 with approximately one-third of our directors elected each year;












our board of directors has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation
 death or removal of a director
 which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors;

























we have adopted provisions that eliminate the personal liability of directors for monetary damages for actions taken as a director
 with certain exceptions; and












our board of directors may issue
 without stockholder approval
 shares of undesignated preferred stock
 which makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us.




As a Delaware corporation
 we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law
 a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or
 among other things
 the board of directors has approved the transaction. Our board of directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us.





















Our headquarters&#160;are currently located in Beijing with around 45
500 square meters of leased office space and with 31
300 square meters of leased land as our management
 marketing
 and research and development headquarter. Synutra Illinois leases an executive office in Rockville
 Maryland
 USA. Our processing and packaging facilities are located in various locations in China
 including Qingdao
 Zhangjiakou
 Fengzhen and Zhenglanqi. These facilities encompass approximately 137
000 square meters of office
 plant
 and warehouse space. Our distribution center located in Qingdao includes approximately 25
000 square meters of owned office space. All of our production facilities are built based on the GMP standard
 with equipment imported from Europe and all of our facilities that have commenced operation have ISO9000 and HACCP series qualifications with some also being ISO14000 certified.

The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our production
 processing and packaging facilities.
















of March 31
 2013





























Shandong
 Qingdao



62
000
















108
000
















Hebei
 Zhangjiakou



8
000
















Inner Mongolia
 Fengzhen



&#160;4
000
















Inner Mongolia
 Zhenglanqi



9
000
















Shandong
 Qingdao



&#160; 1
700


































As of March 31
 2013
 the end of the period covered by this report
 the Company was subject to&#160;various legal proceedings and claims that have not been fully resolved and that have arisen in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management
 the Company does not have a potential liability related to any current legal proceedings and claims that would individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or operating results. However
 the results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. The Company intends to contest each lawsuit vigorously but should the Company fail to prevail in any of these legal matters or should several of these legal matters be resolved against the Company in the same reporting period
 the operating results of a particular reporting period could be materially and adversely affected.
























ITEM 5.&#160;&#160;MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES




Our common stock has been trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol &#8220;SYUT&#8221; since November 8
 2007. Our common stock was previously quoted on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board
 or OTCBB
 under the trading symbol &#8220;SYUT.OB&#8221; until April 11
 2007. On April 12
 2007
 our common stock was listed on the NASDAQ Global Market and subsequently approved for listing on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on November 8
 2007.

The high and low bid prices reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and may not represent actual transactions.
























Fiscal Year Ended March 31
 2012

























































































Fiscal Year Ended March 31
 2013

















































































As of June 10
 2013
 we had&#160;14 registered stockholders of our common stock on record. This number does not include shares held by brokerage clearing houses
 depositories or otherwise in unregistered form or shares held by a custodian for the benefit of our employees.




We have never declared or paid any dividends on shares of our common stock. We intend to retain any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business
 and we do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future.

Our revenues are earned by our PRC subsidiaries. However
 PRC regulations restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make dividends and other payments to their offshore parent company. PRC legal restrictions permit payments of dividend by our PRC subsidiaries only out of their accumulated after-tax profits
 if any
 determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Each of our PRC subsidiaries is also required under PRC laws and regulations to allocate at least 10% of our annual after-tax profits determined in accordance with PRC GAAP to a statutory general reserve fund until the amounts in such fund reaches 50% of our registered capital. Allocations to these statutory reserve funds can only be used for specific purposes and are not transferable to us in the form of loans
 advances or cash dividends. In addition

 2013
 the common stock
 additional paid-in capital and statutory reserve of PRC subsidiaries were RMB 1017.4 million
 which were equivalent to $162.3 million using the exchange rate as of March 31
 2013.


For information on securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans
 see &#8220;Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.&#8221;






















The following selected consolidated financial data for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 are derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The financial data for the years ended March 31
 2010 and 2009 are derived from audited consolidated financial statements which are not included in this Form 10-K. The results of operations for past accounting periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any future accounting period.

The financial data set forth below should be read in conjunction with
 and are qualified in their entirety by reference to &#8220;Item 7. Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
&#8221; and our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K.







Fiscal Year Ended March 31






























































265
770





342
539





248
516





291
886





312
528









171
211





201
618





170
769





208
476





259
086









94
559





140
921





77
747





83
410





53
442









53
607





51
221





48
409





43
989





44
178









32
574





28
442





41
420





33
854





115
478









30
220





23
948





28
261





24
509





25
455





















1
440







































5
894















3
625

































4
217





5
484





1
441











5
790









(14
000







42
794





(40
342







(23
942







(125
879











15
018





14
276





10
321





8
603





4
857









2
326





1
870











1
850










Other income (expense)
 net
























(1
081



















(27
035







30
534





(49
566







(31
776







(130
975











37
186





13
510





(9
306







(6
904







(30
386











(64
221







17
024





(40
260







(24
872







(100
589





















































(63
888







16
737





(40
068







(24
615







(100
549













































































March 31































































79
050





64
793





48
741





48
693





37
736









(40
006







10
565













(27
593







(80
432











87
707





75
499





67
372





52
134





114
724









476
144





447
913





398
704





349
357





472
571









127
449





86
614





124
281





98
069





224
647









82
663





40
831





38
131





61
194















102
164





92
745





62
722





41
018





8
777









7
848





4
726





5
540





5
372





5
254









120
476





104
243





74
310





52
497





20
468









29
207





97
092





75
926





52
931





76
859






















The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes that appear elsewhere in this Form 10-K. In addition to historical consolidated financial information
 the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans
 estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K
 particularly in &#8220;Item 1A. Risk Factors.&#8221;




We are a leading infant formula company in China. We principally engage in the production
 distribution and sale of dairy based nutritional products under the &#8220;Shengyuan&#8221; or &#8220;Synutra&#8221; line of brands in the PRC. We focus on selling powdered formula products for infant and adult
 which are supplemented by other nutritional products
 such as prepared foods and certain nutritional ingredients and supplements. We sell most of our products through an extensive nationwide sales and distribution network covering all provinces and provincial-level municipalities in mainland China. As of March 31
 2013
 this network comprised over 670 independent distributors and over 680 independent sub-distributors who sell our products in approximately 27
000 retail outlets.












Powdered formula segment: Powdered formula segment covers the sale of powdered infant and adult formula products. Major brands include Super
 U-Smart
 My Angel and Dutch Cow;









Foods segment: Foods segment covers the sale of prepared baby foods for babies and children under the brand of Huiliduo. In fiscal year 2014
 we plan to introduce prepared adult foods for patients with special nutritional needs after surgical operations;









Nutritional ingredients and supplements segment: Nutritional ingredients and supplements segment covers the production and sale of nutritional ingredients and supplements such as chondroitin sulfate
 and microencapsulated Docosahexanoic Acid (&#8220;DHA&#8221;) and Arachidonic Acid (&#8220;ARA&#8221;).






Other business segment: our other business includes the ancillary sale of surplus milk powder
 whey protein and raw milk to industrial customers.






For the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 net sales of powdered formula segment decreased 26% compared to fiscal year 2012. Earnings per share decreased from $0.29 to a loss per share of $1.11
 which was primarily attributable to the decrease in sales and the valuation allowance provided for deferred tax assets.


In order to reduce the pressure from rising costs and bench mark our products with our competitors
 we announced a price increase effective on April 1
 2012 on major infant products. Due to&#160;advance inventory purchases&#160;by our distributors in anticipation of the price increase
 the price increase had a negative short-term impact on our sales volume
 particularly for the first and second quarters of fiscal 2013.


We initiated a &#8220;Goldmining&#8221; marketing strategy (the &#8220;Strategy&#8220;) in September 2012 to strengthen our management of the sales channel
 the goal of which is to use marketing&#160;and promotional expenditures&#160;more effectively and to improve net profit. In the past
 we provided sales discounts and rebates to distributors to offset part of the marketing&#160;and promotional expenditures incurred at retail outlets. As part of the Strategy
 we are now centrally monitoring the spending in each retail outlet to ensure more efficient allocation of marketing and promotional expenditures. We have terminated our relationship with those retail outlets with low sales volume and a low yield rate on the slotting fees to focus our resources on those retail outlets with higher sales volume and a higher yield rate on the slotting fees. In order to strengthen our management of sales channel
 we have also set up an inventory tracking system to track our products from the factory to the retail outlets in an effort to prevent distributors from selling out of their designated area. As of March 31
 2013
 the number of active retail outlets the Company monitors closely was approximately 27
000.


We started to communicate the Strategy to our distributors in August 2012. While most distributors welcomed the Strategy as it strengthened our supervision on the sales channel and promotes more orderly competition among distributors
 some have reduced their orders
&#160;as they believed the implementation of&#160;the Strategy could have a negative short term impact on their performance. As a result
 we had lower sales volume in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2013 compared to the prior year periods. We believe the successful implementation of the Strategy is vital to the&#160;efficiency of our sales channel system.
























Rising consumer wealth in China has contributed to a greater acceptance by consumers in China of and desire for higher-priced products with perceived quality advantages associated with such products. Thus
 we believe that infant formula producers with a reputation for quality and safety should be able to command higher average selling prices and thereby generate higher gross margins than competitors that do not possess the same perceived reputation for quality and safety. Conversely
 any decrease in consumer perceptions of quality and safety could adversely impact such producers&#8217; sales and gross margins
 even if the perception is from misinformation or disinformation. Moreover
 a decrease in the quality and safety of any particular product could trigger wider negative perception of the decrease in the quality and safety of all producers
 thereby affecting the industry generally. For example
 the melamine contamination incident had resulted in a significant reduction in the sales of a number of major dairy product companies in China
 including us
 and the prematurity event resulted in a significant decline in our sales. If a future market crisis involving any of our products should occur
 especially if management failed to respond to such crisis in a timely and effective manner
 our brand recognition and reputation could be severely damaged

 product liability claims
 recalls
 adverse publicity or negative public perception regarding particular ingredients or products or our industry in general could harm our reputation
 damage our brand&#160;and adversely affect our results of operations



In recent years
 there has been growing demand in China for premium infant formula products due to increasing consumer awareness of brand image and nutritional value of the products offered by leading producers. Although the market is still highly competitive
 we believe that companies with strong national brands and customer loyalty will increasingly capture market share from regional brands with less brand recognition. Moreover
 we believe brand recognition and customer loyalty are predominantly influenced by customer perceptions of the quality and safety of branded products. We believe the melamine contamination incident involving 22 infant formula producers has increased the importance of consumer perception of quality and safety and the need to maintain and increase brand recognition and customer loyalty.




While China&#8217;s infant formula market is expected to grow significantly
 competition is intense. We face significant competition from domestic and multinational producers. A small number of multinational players enjoy significant market share in China
 particularly in the more affluent major urban areas
 based on greater brand name recognition among Chinese consumers. In addition
 competition from domestic producers has become more intense in recent years
 especially from large national milk companies
 such as Yili
 Yashili
 Beingmate and Feihe
 which have entered the infant formula market.

We focus on developing and marketing premium products for the infant formula market in China. By leveraging our focused marketing strategy
 our brand name and our sales and marketing infrastructure
 we have been able to sell infant formula products to consumers in China&#8217;s small to mid-size cities and rural areas and aside from the prematurity event
 had been perceived to deliver premium quality that justifies our premium prices.




Infant formula has been
 and is expected to remain
 our primary product. Due to rising economic affluence in China
 infant formula products have become more affordable
 resulting in the rapid growth of the overall market for infant formula in China. Despite the recent rapid growth
 we believe much of the market is still underserved with respect to infant formula. We believe this growth in demand will help drive sales for many PRC infant formula producers
 but companies with strong brand loyalty and extensive distribution networks in China will have greater ability to capitalize on such growth as well as to increase prices and pass on higher raw material costs to customers. This can be accomplished through launching higher-priced new infant formula product lines or re-launching older product lines with higher prices and improved product features.




The per unit costs of producing our infant formula are subject to the supply and price volatility of milk powder and other raw materials
 which are affected by the PRC and global markets. Increases in the price of milk powder and whey protein powder would negatively impact our gross margins if we are not able to offset such price increases through increases in our selling price or change in product mix. See Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors&#8212;Risks Related to Our Business&#8212;




We have historically relied on our extensive distribution network
 our consumer education programs and customer relation services to market and sell our products. We spent aggressively on advertising and promotions to rebuild our brand image and to recover customers and market share after the prematurity event. As our market share has stabilized
 we reduced our spending on advertising and promotion
 and refocused our efforts to achieve effective market pull-through with new customers by supporting increased activities on the consumer-end and beyond the distribution channels by our field promoters in the communities and our nutrition education professionals at the medical and healthcare facilities. For example
 we trained our in-store promoters to approach potential consumers more proactively
 including conducting more home visits
 phone communications and educational programs. We do not expect significant increase in advertising and promotion expenses in near future.




















We file separate tax returns in the United States
 Hong Kong
 Netherlands and China. Income taxes of our subsidiaries are calculated in accordance with taxation principles currently effective in the PRC. For Synutra Illinois and Synutra Delaware
 applicable U.S. tax laws are followed. For Synutra International (HK) Company Limited
 applicable Hong Kong tax laws are followed. For Unisono
 applicable Holland tax laws are followed.

On March 16
 2007
 the National People&#8217;s Congress of the PRC approved and promulgated a new tax law
 which took effect beginning January 1
 2008. The Company&#8217;s PRC subsidiaries then measure and pay enterprise income tax pursuant to the new tax law. Under the new tax law
 foreign investment enterprise and domestic companies are subject to a uniform income tax rate of 25%. The new tax law provides a five-year transition period from its effective date for those enterprises which were established before the promulgation date of the new tax law and which were entitled to a preferential lower tax rate under the then effective tax laws or regulations. &#160;

We operate under tax holidays in PRC
 which are effective through December 2012. The impact of these tax holidays decreased PRC tax benefit by $307
000 for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
&#160;decreased PRC tax benefit&#160;by $71
000 for fiscal year ended March 31
 2012 and&#160;decreased PRC tax expense&#160;by $42
000 for fiscal year ended March 31
 2011. The benefit of the tax holidays on both basic and diluted loss per share was $0.01
 nearly zero and nearly zero for fiscal years ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.













January 1
 2008








Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.











Zhangjiakou Chahaer&#160;Dairy Co.
 Ltd.











Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd.







2 years tax exempt (2008
 2009); 3 years tax at 12.5% (2010-12)



Inner Mongolia Mengyuan Food Co.
 Ltd.











Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.







2 years tax exempt (2008
 2009); 3 years tax at 12.5% (2010-12)



Beijing Shengyuan Huiliduo Food Technology Co.
 Ltd.











Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd.











Global Food Trading (Shanghai) Co.
 Ltd.







20% (2009)
 22% (2010)
 24% (2011)
 25% (2012)





Our income will be derived from dividends we receive from our PRC operating subsidiaries described above. The New EIT Law and its implementing rules generally provide that a 10% withholding tax applies to China-sourced income derived by non-resident enterprises for PRC enterprise income tax purposes. We expect that such 10% withholding tax will apply to dividends paid to us by our PRC subsidiaries but this treatment will depend on our status as a non-resident enterprise. For detailed discussion of PRC tax issues related to resident enterprise status

 we may be classified as a &#8220;resident enterprise&#8221; of China. This classification could result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders.




























We recognize revenue when title and risk and rewards for the products are transferred to the customer
 price is fixed and determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. At the time of the sale
 we also record estimates for a variety of sales deductions
 including rebates
 discounts and incentives
 trade promotions and product returns. Sales deductions are reported as a reduction of revenue. Most of our nutritional product sales are made through distributors. Under the distributor arrangement
 evidenced by purchase order together with advance payment
 sales revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the distributors. The revenue recognition of My Angel series
 which is directly sold to baby stores
 is similar to that of our sales through distributors
 and the sales revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of the delivered of products by the baby stores. We apply this revenue recognition policy uniformly to all nutritional products
 including all dairy-based pediatric and adult nutritional products.



Our gross sales are subject to various deductions
 primarily comprised of rebates and discounts to distributors and retailers. These deductions represent estimates of the related obligations
 requiring the use of judgment when estimating the impact of these sales deductions on gross sales for a reporting period. We report these adjustments as a reduction of gross sales to arrive at net sales.












The Company offers product discounts to compensate certain distributors for promotional expenses and slotting fees paid by them. These distributors are responsible for organizing local promotional activities and paying slotting fees to retail outlets within their sales territory
 and providing the Company with documentation of their expenditures
 which would be recorded as product discounts and a reduction of the receivable from distributors in the applicable month.













The Company offers rebates to other distributors and supermarket retailers as sales incentives. These rebate programs provide that distributors and supermarket retailers receive a rebate after attaining certain amount of orders relating to specific products. Since rebates are contractually agreed upon
 the Company estimates rebates based on the specific terms in each agreement and anticipated performance for the current year. The Company considers the sales performance of products subject to rebates and applicable rebate rate
 and adjusts the provision periodically to reflect actual experience. Actual amounts may differ if actual performance varies from estimates. The Company records rebates as a reduction of revenues in the year in which these programs are offered.















For product sales made directly to supermarket retailers
 certain slotting fees
 such as shelf display
 end-cap placement
 bar-coding
 banner advertising
 are paid to the supermarket retailers. These slotting fees are deducted from revenues.













The provision for estimated sales returns due to package damage was not material as of March 31
 2013 and 2012.






We maintain allowances for doubtful accounts primarily based on the age of receivables and factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. We perform a risk assessment for each customer
 and provide specific allowance for those deemed to have a high risk of uncollectibility. We also record a provision for other customers without specific risks based on a review of the receivables aging and our historical experience. Bad debts are written off as incurred.



















Our inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. The valuation of inventory requires us to estimate excess and slow moving inventory. The determination of the value of excess and slow moving inventory is based upon assumptions of future demands and market conditions. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management
 inventory write-downs may be required. We routinely evaluate quantities and value of our inventories in light of current market conditions and market trends. We record write-downs against the cost of inventories for a decline in market
 which establishes a new cost basis for inventory. In estimating obsolescence
 we utilize our backlog information and forecasts of future demand. Market conditions are subject to change and actual consumption of inventories could differ materially from forecasted demand. Furthermore
 the price of milk powder is subject to fluctuations based on global supply and demand. If actual market conditions are less favorable or other factors arise that are significantly different from those anticipated by management
 additional inventory write-downs or increases in obsolescence reserves may be required.




The provision for income taxes has been determined using the asset and liability approach of accounting for income taxes. Under this approach
 deferred taxes represent the future tax consequences expected to occur when the reported amounts of assets and liabilities are recovered or paid. The provision for income taxes represents income taxes paid or payable for the current year plus the change in deferred taxes during the year. Deferred taxes result from differences between the financial and tax bases of our assets and liabilities and are adjusted for changes in tax rates and tax laws when changes are enacted. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. The assessment of whether or not a valuation allowance is required often requires significant judgment including the long-range forecast of future taxable income and the evaluation of tax planning initiatives. Adjustments to the deferred tax valuation allowances are made to earnings in the period when such assessments are made.

Our tax rate is based on expected income
 statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. For interim financial reporting
 we estimate the annual tax rate based on projected taxable income for the full year and record a quarterly income tax provision in accordance with the anticipated annual rate. As the year progresses
 we refine the estimates of the year&#8217;s taxable income as new information becomes available
 including year-to-date financial results. This continual estimation process often results in a change to our expected effective tax rate for the year. When this occurs
 we adjust the income tax provision during the quarter in which the change in estimate occurs so that the year-to-date provision reflects the expected annual tax rate. Significant judgment is required in determining our effective tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions.

We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets represent items to be used as a tax deduction or credit in future tax returns for which we have already properly recorded the tax benefit in the income statement. At least quarterly
 we assess the likelihood that the deferred tax asset balance will be recovered from future taxable income. We consider positive and negative evidence when determining whether a portion or all of our deferred tax assets will more likely than not be realized. We take into account such factors as prior earnings history
 expected future earnings
 carry-back and carry-forward periods
 the duration of statutory carry forward periods and tax strategies that could potentially enhance the likelihood of a realization of a deferred tax asset. To the extent recovery is unlikely
 a valuation allowance is established against the deferred tax asset and increasing our income tax expense in the year such determination is made. As of March 31
 2013
 we had deferred tax assets of $55.8 million
 mainly generated from net loss carryforward before valuation allowance. We accrued a full valuation allowance since it is more likely than not that the operating loss will not be utilized before expiration. Tax benefits relating to&#160;future reversals&#160;of the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets
 if any
&#160;will be recognized as a reduction of income tax expense.&#160;


We periodically evaluate our investment strategies with respect to each foreign tax jurisdiction in which we operate to determine whether foreign earnings will be indefinitely reinvested offshore and
 accordingly
 whether U.S. income taxes should be provided when such earnings are recorded. As of March 31
 2013
 we believed all earnings generated in China and Hong Kong would be permanently reinvested and as a result
 we did not record any income taxes on such earnings.

We recognize a tax benefit associated with an uncertain tax position when
 in our judgment
 it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination by a taxing authority. For a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold
 we initially and subsequently measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that we judge to have a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority. Our liability associated with unrecognized tax benefits is adjusted periodically due to changing circumstances
 such as the progress of tax audits
 case law developments and new or emerging legislation. Such adjustments are recognized entirely in the period in which they are identified. Our effective tax rate includes the net impact of changes in the liability for unrecognized tax benefits and subsequent adjustments as considered appropriate by management. As of March 31
 2013
 we had recorded liabilities of $506
000 for our PRC subsidiaries.

We classify interest and penalties recognized on the liability for unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. For the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 the unrecognized tax benefit did not change significantly and the amount of interest and penalties related to uncertain tax position is immaterial.




We evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Factors that we consider in deciding when to perform an impairment review include
 but are not limited to significant under-performance of a business or product line in relation to expectations
 and significant changes or planned changes in the use of the assets. An impairment analysis is performed at the lower level of identifiable independent cash flows for an asset or asset group. We assess the recoverability of long-lived assets by comparing the carrying amount of the asset group to the estimate of the related total future undiscounted cash flow. If an asset group&#8217;s carrying value is not recoverable through the related undiscounted cash flows
 the impairment loss is measured by comparing the difference between the asset group&#8217;s carrying value and its fair value. We determine the fair value of an asset or asset group utilizing estimated future discounted cash flows and incorporate assumptions that it believes marketplace participants would utilize. 

The impairment tests involve the use of accounting estimates and assumptions that management believed to be reasonable
 the result of which form the basis for our conclusions. While the current analysis suggested that no impairment was recognized
 significant changes to these estimates and assumptions could adversely impact our conclusion to these impairment tests. We will continue to closely monitor our financial performance and projections for the asset groups and the economic conditions of the product end markets. Any significant change in market conditions and estimates of judgments could give rise to impairment in the period that the change becomes known.




















Fiscal Year Ended March 31
 2013 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended March 31
 2012

Below is a summary of selected comparative results of operations for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013 and 2012:








Fiscal Years Ended March 31








(In thousands
 except per share data)

























265
770







342
539















224
423





301
664















171
211





201
618















122
175





159
189















94
559





140
921















102
248





142
475























































(14
000







42
794










Interest expense
 net




12
692





12
406















(27
035







30
534















37
186





13
510



































(64
221







17
024

















(63
888









16
737















57
301





57
301




















































Fiscal Years Ended March 31













(In thousands
 except percentage data)



































224
423







301
664

























































6
836





























34
161





39
713

























265
770







342
539




















Net sales of our powdered formula segment include powdered formula products for infants
 children and adults. The decrease in net sales of our powdered formula products was mainly due to the following factors:









Sales volume of powdered formula products for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013 was 20
521 tons
 as compared to 27
526 tons for the prior fiscal year
 due primarily to significant purchases of our products by distributors&#160;prior to our retail price increase effective&#160;on April 1
 2012
 and reduced orders from distributors as we implemented the Strategy discussed above.












The average selling price of our powdered formula products for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013 was $10
936 per ton
 compared to $10
959 per ton for the prior fiscal year. Average selling price is calculated as net sales
 after deducting sales discounts and rebates
 divided by sales volume. The relatively unchanged average selling price was the result of the combined effect from the retail price increase we instituted on April 1
 2012
 and the result of increased sales discounts and rebates per ton. We provided sales discounts and rebates to offset part of the marketing and promotional expenditures&#160;incurred at retail outlets. The sales discounts and rebates do not&#160;fluctuate directly&#160;with current period sales because they are based on a prorated fiscal year basis before the initiation of the Strategy.




The sales volume and average selling price exclude the amount of free products provided to customers
 which is recorded as&#160;cost of sales in the period.

The product mix in the foods segment is comprised of prepared baby food
 such as cooked meat and vegetables. We have focused our efforts on the powdered formula segment since the melamine incident in 2008
 followed by the prematurity event in 2010
 and have not developed the foods segment as we originally planned
 however we plan to launch a new product category under this segment in fiscal 2014 for adults with special nutritional needs
 and expect to revitalize this segment going forward.
















The product mix in nutritional ingredients and supplements segment is comprised of external sales of chondroitin sulfate to third parties. Our sales of&#160;chondroitin sulfate materials to certain international customers increased significantly in fiscal year 2013
 however
 our production cost&#160;remained high and we incurred gross loss on our chondroitin sulfate sales as we produced much less quantity than our nominal capacity.


Our Other business mainly included sales of raw milk powder of $21.5 million and whey protein of $8.8 million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013. Our Other business mainly included sales of raw milk powder of $27.7 million and raw milk of $3.3 million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2012. Since we use the dry-mixing production method
 we require a higher quality standard for the milk powder than a wet-mixing production method would require. As a result
 we screen the milk powder we purchased for excessive micro-organism content
 or milk powder that is over-burnt or lacks the ideal consistency. While we do not make use of this raw material
 such product meets the quality standard for raw milk powder that can be used in other products such as dairy drinks or bakery. The amount of this ancillary raw milk powder identified through the screening process is approximately 15% of the total material we purchase. In addition
 we may also replace older inventory with new orders when the cost of doing so is low
 causing higher sales of milk powder and whey protein powder.













Fiscal Years Ended March 31








(In thousands
 except percentage data)

























122
175







159
189















3
211





2
354















9
646





3
265















36
179





36
810

















171
211







201
618












The decrease in the cost of sales of the powdered formula segment was mainly due to the decrease in sales volume and extent of promotions involving free product giveaways
 partially offset by the increased cost of whey protein powder.&#160;





Cost of our Other business mainly included cost of milk powder of $23.0 million and whey protein of $7.6 million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013. Cost of our Other business mainly included cost of raw milk powder of $27.1 million and raw milk of $3.3 million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2012.

























Fiscal Years Ended March 31








(In thousands
 except percentage data)

























94
559







140
921















102
248





142
475




















































The decrease in gross margin was mainly due to the margin decrease in Other business. The decrease in gross margin of the powdered formula segment was mainly due to increased cost of whey protein powder in the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013.











Fiscal Years Ended March 31








(In thousands
 except percentage data)

























53
607







51
221















32
574





28
442















11
928





11
515















20
646





16
927















30
220





23
948















4
217





5
484











Selling and distribution expenses primarily include compensation expense for sales staff
 freight charges
 travel expense and service charge for our customer loyalty program. The increase in selling and distribution expenses in the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013 from the prior fiscal year was mainly due to the increase in a service charge for our consumer loyalty program administered by a third party since the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012
 and the increase in selling expense as we introduced our specialty infant formulas
 which are designed for infants with special conditions who cannot use regular infant formulas
 to our market.


Advertising expenses primarily include media expenses paid to national and local TV stations
 and e-commerce providers. Promotion expenses primarily include promotional products to end customers. The increase in promotion expenses in the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013 was mainly due to more consumer loyalty program expenses for end customers
 and increased service fee to on-site promotion staff.


General and administrative expenses primarily include salaries for staff&#160;and management
 depreciation
 office rental and office supplies in the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013. The increase was mainly due to the increased depreciation expense
 office rental and office supplies related to our new headquarter in use.























Gain on disposal of subsidiaries&#160;is primarily comprised of net&#160;foreign currency translation gains of $3.1 million reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income as a result of the liquidation and disposal of certain subsidiaries
 none of which had significant ongoing operations.










Fiscal Years Ended March 31








(In thousands
 except percentage data)

























15
018







14
276















2
326





1
870












The increase in interest expense was mainly due to an increase in average borrowing balance
 partially offset by a decreased average interest rate as we used more trade financing to purchase inventory with lower interest rates.


The increase in interest income was mainly due to an increase in average restricted cash balance
 which&#160;earned a&#160;higher interest rate than cash and cash equivalents.



The increase in income tax expense was primarily due to the $36.5 million charge from the increase in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets of certain PRC subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013.





Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest mainly represents the interest held by third parties in Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.




As a result of the foregoing
 net loss attributable to common stockholders for the fiscal year was $63.9 million
 compared to a net income of $16.7 million for the prior fiscal year.

















Fiscal Year Ended March 31
 2012 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended March 31
 2011

Below is a summary of selected comparative results of operations for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2012 and 2011:








Fiscal Years Ended March 31








(In thousands
 except per share data)

























342
539







248
516















301
664





185
569















201
618





170
769















159
189





107
258















140
921





77
747















142
475





78
311























































42
794





(40
342












Interest expense
 net




12
406





9
501















30
534





(49
566

















13
510





(9
306





































17
024





(40
260



















16
737







(40
068

















57
301





57
301



















































Fiscal Years Ended March 31













(In thousands
 except percentage data)



































301
664







185
569































































1
001























39
713





61
451

























342
539







248
516




















Net sales of our powdered formula segment include powdered formula products for infants
 children and adults. The increase of net sales of our powdered formula products was mainly due to the following factors:









Sales volume of powdered formula products for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2012 was 27
526 tons
 as compared to 24
927 tons for the prior fiscal year
 due primarily to the recovery from the prematurity event since the second quarter of fiscal year 2012. As we announced to implement an approximately 15% price increase beginning on April 1
 2012
 distributors increased their orders placed in the second half of fiscal 2012
 which also contributed to the sales volume increase comparing with fiscal year 2011.












The average selling price of our powdered formula products for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2012 was $10
959 per ton
 compared to $7
444 per ton for the prior fiscal year. The increase in average selling price is mainly due to a reduction in our fixed discounts per ton
 which mainly represents fixed compensation for the promotional activities undertaken by our distributors. Since our sales volume increased
 primarily attributable to our recovery from the prematurity event
 the discounts we were required to offer have decreased as a percentage of sales. Also
 our average selling price has been improving and has returned to the level before the prematurity event.





The product mix in foods segment is comprised mainly of prepared baby food
 such as cooked meat and vegetables. As part of our sustained response to the prematurity event
 we continued to focus our efforts on the recovery of the powdered formula segment in fiscal year 2012
 and did not develop the foods segment as planned.

















The product mix in nutritional ingredients and supplements segment is comprised mainly of chondroitin sulfate sold to third parties. The inter-segment sales for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2012 was $12.2 million
 compared to $8.3 million for the prior fiscal year. The inter-segment sales represent sales of microencapsulated DHA and ARA
 which were used in the production of powdered infant formula products.


We sold surplus imported milk powder of $27.7 million to industrial customers this year as compared to $45.9 million in the prior year. The rest of Other business sales mainly include sales of self-produced milk powder
 raw milk and whey protein.













Fiscal Years Ended March 31








(In thousands
 except percentage data)

























159
189







107
258















2
354





1
744















3
265





3
102















36
810





58
665

















201
618







170
769












The increase in the cost of sales for the powdered formula segment is mainly due to the increase in sales volume
 and the increase in promotional product cost.

Cost of surplus imported milk powder sold was $27.1 million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2012
 as compared to $43.0 million for the prior fiscal year.

























Fiscal Years Ended March 31








(In thousands
 except percentage data)

























140
921







77
747















142
475





78
311




















































The increase in gross margin was mainly due to the margin increase in powdered formula segment and Other business. The increase in gross profit was the result of the recovery of powdered formula segment
 which was primarily attributable to our recovery from the prematurity event.











Fiscal Years Ended March 31








(In thousands
 except percentage data)

























51
221







48
409















28
442





41
420















11
515





22
562















16
927





18
858















23
948





28
261





















1
440















5
484





1
441











Selling and distribution expenses primarily include compensation expense
 freight charges
 and travel expense. The increase was mainly due to the increase in compensation expenses
 which was led by the increase in powdered formula segment sales. Total compensation expense for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2012 increased to $32.8 million from $30.4 million for the prior fiscal year.





The decrease in general and administrative expenses was mainly due to $1.5 million to finance prematurity-related research and related public education in the prior fiscal year
 $1.5 million decrease in rental expense as we modified the lease agreement of our Beijing headquarter
&#160;and $1.1 million decrease in bad debt expense.


Goodwill of $1.4 million was fully impaired during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2011
 as a result of conditions surrounding the foods business.




























Fiscal Years Ended March 31








(In thousands
 except percentage data)

























14
276







10
321















1
870


















The increase in interest expense was mainly due to the increase in weighted average interest rate of borrowings from PRC banks
 as China&#8217;s central bank raised the benchmark lending rate several times since October 2010.


&#160;The increase in interest income was mainly due to the increased weighted average restricted cash balance
 which&#160;earns a&#160;higher interest rate than cash and cash equivalents
 and the increase in the rate of interest paid on deposits
 as China&#8217;s central bank raised the benchmark deposit rate several times since October 2010.




The increase in the effective tax rate from 18.8% for fiscal year 2011 to 44.2% for fiscal year 2012 was driven primarily by the effect of a tax refund for overpaid income taxes recognized in the fiscal year ended March 31
 2011 and the valuation allowance established for net operating loss carryforwards of certain subsidiaries in the fiscal year ended March 31
 2012.




As a result of the foregoing
 net income attributable to common stockholders for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2012 was $16.7 million
 compared to a net loss of $40.1 million for the prior fiscal year.























Our primary sources of liquidity are cash on hand
 cash from operations and available borrowings. Cash flows from operating activities represent the inflow of cash from our customers and the outflow of cash for inventory purchases
 manufacturing
 operating expenses
 interest and taxes. Cash flows used in investing activities primarily represent capital expenditures for equipment and buildings
 and restricted cash used as security against letter of credits and short-term and long-term borrowings. Cash flows from financing activities primarily represent proceeds and repayments of borrowings
 and for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2011
 it also includes the issuance of 3.3&#160;million shares of common stock

 while there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to refinance its short-term bank borrowings as they become due
 historically
 the Company has renewed or rolled over most of our short-term bank loans upon the maturity date of the loans and believes we will continue to be able to do so.


Cash and cash equivalents totaled $79.1 million at March 31
 2013
 of which $77.9 million was held outside of the United States.

As of March 31
 2013
 the Company's current liabilities exceed its current assets by $40.0 million and the Company has an asset liability ratio of 94%
 which is defined as total liabilities divided by total assets. In addition
 the Company suffered a loss before income tax expense of $27.0 million and incurred negative cash flows from operations of $5.7 million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013. However
 the Company regards the going concern assumption as appropriate considering the following mitigating factors:









The Company believes that the loss from operations for the year ended March 31
 2013 is primarily attributable to the short term effect of&#160;a substantial&#160;increase in the retail price of the Company&#8217;s powdered formula products beginning April 1
 2012 and management&#8217;s rationalization of the Company's sales channel which was initiated in September 2012 and was substantially completed by March 2013. The Company managed to reverse the losses incurred in the six months ended September 30
 2012
 with breakeven results from operations in the third quarter and an income from operations in the fourth quarter. In addition
 the Company had positive cash flows from operations for the second half of fiscal 2013 of $41.8 million. The Company has performed a review of its cash flow forecast for the twelve months ending March 31
 2014 and believes that its cash flows from operations will be sufficiently positive for fiscal year 2014 to satisfy its obligations when they fall due.












For the two months ended May 31
 2013
 the Company had repaid short-term bank loans of $28.1 million and current portion of long-term bank loans of $16.1 million
 had borrowed short-term bank loans of $28.3 million and long-term bank loans of $19.6 million.












As of May 31
 2013
 the Company had unused committed credit facility of $18.3 million at its disposal.





Based on the above factors
 management believes that adequate sources of liquidity will exist to fund the Company&#8217;s working capital and capital expenditure requirements
 and to meet its short term debt obligations
 other liabilities and commitments as they become due. Accordingly
 management believes the Company will&#160;continue as a going concern.


On September 17
 2012
 the Company entered into a partnership framework agreement
 a milk supply agreement
 a whey supply agreement
 a whey powder supply agreement
 and a technical assistance agreement with Sodiaal Union
 a French agricultural cooperative company (&#8220;Sodiaal&#8221;)
 and/or Euroserum SAS (&#8220;Euroserum&#8221;)
 a French subsidiary of Sodiaal
 relating to a long-term industrial and commercial partnership between Sodiaal and the Company. Under these agreements
 the Company undertakes to build a new drying facility in Carhaix
 France
 intended to manufacture powdered milk and fat-enriched demineralized whey. Pursuant to the partnership framework agreement
 the operational commissioning of the new drying facility will take place no later than January 2
 2015. In the event of a delay beyond January 2
 2015 and save for limited exceptions
 the Company undertakes to compensate
 according to the circumstance
 Sodiaal or Euroserum for the loss incurred as a result of such delay. The loss incurred by Sodiaal or Euroserum in case of a delay of the operational commissioning of the new drying facility beyond January 2
 2015 shall amount to the loss of profits actually suffered
 as the case may be
 by Sodiaal or Euroserum under the milk supply agreement or the whey supply agreement. The estimated cost to build the facility is &#8364; 90 million (approximately $117 million). The Company plans to finance&#160;a majority of the cost with long-term project financing
 and&#160;the remaining part of the project&#160;with cash on hand and operating cash flow. The Company committed to purchase
 and Sodiaal and Euroserum committed to sell
 288 million liters of milk per year for ten years
 an amount of whey equivalent to 24
000 tons of 70% demineralized pre-concentrated dry whey extract per year for ten years
 and 6
000 tons of 70% demineralized whey powder per year
 or an equivalent quantity of liquid whey
 for ten years
 at market based prices at the time of purchase
 to satisfy the production needs of the new drying facility. If the Company purchases less than the agreed amount
 the Company would compensate Sodiaal or Euroserum for the loss suffered. On March 20
 2013
 the Company received the required approvals from China's National Development and Reform Commission and Ministry of Commerce for the project. As of June 13
 2013
 the Company is in the process of obtaining approval from the French government in connection with this project and negotiating borrowing terms with certain banks. The Company expects the construction will start in fiscal 2014.




















The following table sets forth
 for the periods indicated
 certain information relating to our cash flows:








Fiscal Year Ended March 31































































(64
221









17
024







(40
260











14
976





11
751





10
671









2
423





3
386





4
209









36
550





13
834





(9
441











(3
625





































2
647









7
816





19
276





(41
549











(5
744







65
669





(73
723











(70
012







(38
314







(1
910











89
546





(12
872







73
684















1
569





1
997









14
257





16
052














Cash flow used in operating activities was a result of the net loss incurred
 as adjusted for non-cash expense and income items
 and changes in working capital. The changes in working capital for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013 were primarily related to $18.4 million increase in other liabilities
 $9.6 million decrease in due from related parties
 $6.7 million decrease in accounts receivable
 $7.0 million increase in advance from customers
 partially offset by $16.1 million decrease in accounts payable
 $12.0 million increase in inventories and $5.8 million increase in other assets. In the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 we spent $270.1 million to purchase raw materials and other production materials
 $48.7 million in staff compensation and social welfare
 $30.8 million in taxes
 $57.5 million in operating expenses
 $13.2 million in interest
&#160;received $410.7 million from our customers
 and received a $3.9 million subsidy from the local government.


The changes in working capital for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2012
 were primarily related to a $17.1 million increase in other liabilities
 and $10.9 million increase in accounts payable
 partially offset by $5.5 million increase in prepaid expense and other current assets
 and $5.7 million increase in inventories. In the fiscal year ended March 31
 2012
 we spent $265.9 million to purchase raw materials and other production materials
 $44.7 million in staff compensation and social welfare
 $18.1 million in other taxes
 $37.4 million in operating expenses
 $13.5 million in interest
 and received $446.0 million from our customers.


The changes in working capital for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2011
 were primarily related to a $22.9 million increase in accounts receivable due to our support to distributors to help their recovery
 and $13.0 million increase in goods in transit of inventories caused by the long lead time to import raw materials. In the fiscal year ended March 31
 2011
 we spent $224.9 million to purchase raw materials and other production materials
 $42.1 million in staff compensation and social welfare
 $23.9 million in other taxes
 $79.0million in operating expenses
 $166
000 in income taxes
 $9.3 million in interest
 and received $304.6 million from our customers.




















Cash flow used in investing activities in the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013 represents $16.1 million payment for purchase of property
 plant and equipment
 $56.5 million outflow for restricted cash deposited with banks as security against the issuance of letters of credit for the import of raw materials and as pledges for certain short-term and long-term borrowings
 $1.6 million in&#160;proceeds from disposed assets
 and $1.0 million proceeds from disposal of&#160;certain PRC subsidiaries.


Cash flow used in investing activities in the fiscal year ended March 31
 2012 mainly represents $27.3 million payment for purchase of property
 plant and equipment
 and $11.7 million outflow in restricted cash. Restricted cash represents cash deposited with banks as security against the issuance of letters of credit for the import of raw materials and as pledges for certain short-term and long-term borrowings.


Cash flow used in investing activities in the fiscal year ended March 31
 2011 mainly represents $8.2 million payment for purchases of property and equipment
 $9.2 million proceeds from disposal of two PRC subsidiaries&#8217; assets
 and $2.9 million outflow in restricted cash. Restricted cash represents cash deposited with banks as security against the issuance of letters of credit for the import of raw materials and as pledges for certain short-term borrowings.




Cash flow used in financing activities in the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013 mainly represents net cash inflow of $40.2 million from short-term loans and net cash inflow of $50.8 million from long-term loans
&#160;$1.0 million payment for assets under capital leases and $0.4 million payment to holders of non-controlling interest.


Cash flow used in financing activities in the fiscal year ended March 31
 2012 mainly represents net cash outflow of $44.0 million of short-term loans and net cash inflow of $31.5 million of long-term loans
 and $0.3 million payment for capital leased assets.


Cash flow used in financing activities in the fiscal year ended March 31
 2011 mainly represents net cash inflow of $26.6 million of short-term loans and net cash outflow of $9.7 million of long-term loans
 $58.8 million net proceeds from issuance of common stock
 and $2.0 million payment for capital leased assets.



















For information on our short-term and long-term borrowings
 see &#8220;Item 8.&#160;&#160;Financial Statements and Supplementary Data &#8211; Note Debt to Consolidated Financial Statements.&#8221;




Below is a table setting forth our contractual obligations as of March 31
 2013.

















































199
398







93
182







106
216

























19
737











1
224





1
224





17
026









58
205





1
758





3
372





3
366





49
709









18
409





18
409































































296
129







113
992







110
812







4
590







66
735






As discussed in Liquidity and Capital Resources &#8211; Overview
 we intend to build a new drying facility in Carhaix
 France
 to manufacture powdered milk and fat-enriched demineralized whey. The estimated cost to build the facility is &#8364; 90 million (approximately $117 million). We committed to purchase
 and Sodiaal and Euroserum committed to sell
 288 million liters of milk per year for ten years
 an amount of whey equivalent to 24
000 tons of 70% demineralized pre-concentrated dry whey extract per year for ten years
 and 6
000 tons of 70% demineralized whey powder per year
 or an equivalent quantity of liquid whey
 for ten years
 at market based prices at the time of purchase
 to satisfy the production needs of the new drying facility. As the cost to build the facility in the next several years and the price of raw milk and whey in the next ten years cannot be predicted with precision
 the building cost and purchase commitment of the new drying facility was not included in the table above.


We computed the long-term debt-related interest based on the interest rate as of March 31
 2013.

As of March 31
 2013
 our uncertain income tax liability was $506
000. We are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of the effective settlement of this tax position.




Our capital expenditures were $11.4 million and the corresponding cash outflow was $16.4 million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 which mainly represented expenditure for our new headquarters&#8217; renovation and purchase of equipment.




We do not have off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.





In July 2012
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 or FASB
 has issued an authoritative pronouncement related to testing indefinite-lived intangible assets
 other than goodwill
 for impairment. Under the pronouncement
 entities testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment would have the option of performing a qualitative assessment before calculating the fair value of the asset. If an entity determines
 on the basis of qualitative factors
 that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is not more likely than not impaired
 a quantitative fair value calculation would not be needed. The amendments are effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012 with early adoption permitted. We do not expect the adoption of this ASU&#160;will have a significant effect on our consolidated financial statements.


In February 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-02
 &#8220;Reporting Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income&#8221;. ASU No. 2013-02 requires companies to provide additional information about the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component. In addition
 companies are required to present
 either on the face of the financial statements or in the notes
 significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income. The amendments are effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2012. This ASU does not change the requirements for reporting net income or other comprehensive income. Because the standard only affects the presentation of comprehensive income and does not affect what is included in comprehensive income
 the adoption of this ASU is not expected to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
























The objective of our policies is to mitigate potential income statement
 cash flow and fair value exposures resulting from possible future adverse fluctuations in interest rates and foreign exchange rates. We evaluate our exposure to market risk by assessing the anticipated near-term and long-term fluctuations in interest rates and foreign exchange rates. This evaluation includes the review of leading market indicators
 discussions with financial analysts and banks regarding current and future economic conditions and the review of market projections.




The value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other currencies is affected by
 among other things
 changes in China&#8217;s political and economic conditions. Since July 2005
 the Renminbi has no longer been pegged to the U.S. dollar. Although the PBOC regularly intervenes in the foreign exchange market to prevent significant short-term fluctuations in the exchange rate
 the Renminbi may appreciate or depreciate significantly in value against the U.S. dollar in the medium to long term. Moreover
 it is possible that in the future
 PRC authorities may lift restrictions on fluctuations in the Renminbi exchange rate and lessen intervention in the foreign exchange market.

Because our earnings and cash assets are denominated in Renminbi
 appreciation or depreciation in the value of the Renminbi relative to the U.S. dollar would affect our financial results reported in U.S. dollar terms without giving effect to any underlying change in our business or results of operations. As a result
 we face exposure to adverse movements in currency exchange rates as the financial results of our Chinese operations are translated from local currency into U.S. dollars upon consolidation. If the U.S. dollar weakens against the Renminbi
 the translation of our foreign-currency-denominated balances will result in increased net assets
 net revenues
 operating expenses
 and net income or loss. Similarly
 our net assets
 net revenues
 operating expenses
 and net income or loss will decrease if the U.S. dollar strengthens against the Renminbi. Additionally
 foreign exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in Renminbi other than the functional currency results in gains and losses that are reflected in our Consolidated Statement of Income. Our operations are subject to risks typical of international business
 including
 but not limited to
 differing economic conditions
 changes in political climate
 differing tax structures
 other regulations and restrictions
 and foreign exchange rate volatility.

Considering the RMB balance of our cash and cash equivalents as of March 31
 2013
 which amounted to $79.1 million
 a 1.0% change in the exchange rates between the Renminbi and the U.S. dollar would result in an increase or decrease of approximately $0.8 million of the balance.

To date
 we have not entered into any hedging transactions in an effort to reduce our exposure to foreign currency exchange risk as very limited hedging transactions are available in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. While we may enter into hedging transactions in the future
 the availability and effectiveness of these transactions may be limited
 and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure at all. In addition
 our foreign currency exchange losses may be magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert Renminbi into foreign currencies.



Inflationary factors
 such as increases in the cost of our products and overhead costs
 could impair our operating results. Although we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations to date
 a high rate of inflation in the future may have an adverse effect on our ability to maintain current levels of gross margin and selling
 general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales revenue if the selling prices of our products do not increase with these increased costs.



We did not experience any material changes in interest rate exposures during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013. We currently do not use interest rate swaps to manage exposure to interest rate changes.



We are subject to concentrations of credit risk consisting primarily of accounts receivable. We perform ongoing credit evaluations with respect to the financial condition of our debtors
 but do not require collateral. In order to determine the value of our accounts receivable
 we record a provision for doubtful accounts to cover probable credit losses. Our management reviews and adjusts this allowance periodically based on historical experience and its evaluation of the collectability of outstanding accounts receivable.



Imported milk powder and whey protein are the principal raw materials in the Company&#8217;s business
 accounting for approximately 65% of the Company&#8217;s production costs. As such
 the Company is exposed to the fluctuations in the price of milk powder and whey protein. During the past two fiscal years
 the rise and fall in the prices of these commodities have affected the Company&#8217;s business operations and profitability. A significant rise in the prices of these raw materials will adversely affect the gross margin of the Company&#8217;s powdered formula products.


































Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31
 2013 and 2012









Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011









Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011









Consolidated Statements of Equity for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011









Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011























































To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Synutra International
 Inc.:


We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Synutra International
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of March 31
 2013 and 2012
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income (loss)
 equity
 and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31
 2013. Our audits also included the financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 8.&#160;These financial statements and financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements and financial statement schedules based on our audits.


We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


In our opinion
 such consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company at March 31
 2013 and 2012
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31
 2013
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also
 in our opinion
 such financial statement schedules
 when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole
 present fairly
 in all material respect
 the information set forth therein.


We have also audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2013
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated June 13
 2013 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.





Shanghai
 China
June 13
 2013
















SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.

(Dollars and shares in thousands
 except per share data)









March 31
 2013




March 31
 2012




























79
050



64
793








68
410





30
425




Accounts receivable
 net of allowance of $7
515 and $7
845
 respectively




30
183





38
753









87
707





75
499









2
696





12
262































1
037









18
404





16
320















17
827









286
455





257
143














Property
 plant and equipment
 net




130
121





134
902




Land use rights
 net




10
829





10
198




Intangible assets
 net




4
135





4
377









39
883





21
019









2
981















1
740





1
367















18
907








476
144



447
913































127
449



86
614








82
663





40
831









48
717





70
927









1
862





1
655









12
982





5
991









52
788





40
560









326
461





246
578









102
164





92
745









4
402





4
377









7
848





4
726









6
062





2
395









446
937





350
821


















































Common stock
 $.0001 par value: 250
000 authorized; 57
301 and 57
301 issued and outstanding at March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively




















135
440





135
440









(135
508







(71
620











28
828





32
201









28
766





96
027















1
065









29
207





97
092


















476
144



447
913





















SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.

&#160;(Dollars in thousands
 except per share data)









Year Ended March 31


























265
770



342
539



248
516








171
211





201
618





170
769









94
559





140
921





77
747









53
607





51
221





48
409









32
574





28
442





41
420









30
220





23
948





28
261





















1
440









3
625





















4
217





5
484





1
441









(14
000







42
794





(40
342











15
018





14
276





10
321









2
326





1
870










Other income (expense)
 net




























(27
035







30
534





(49
566











37
186





13
510





(9
306











(64
221







17
024





(40
260


















































(63
888





16
737



(40
068
























57
301





57
301





56
476











































SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.









Year Ended March 31


























(64
221





17
024



(40
260





Other comprehensive income
 net of tax




























4
014





4
204









(3
141























(3
375







4
014





4
204









(67
596







21
038





(36
056




































(67
261





20
734



(35
879

























SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.









Synutra International
 Inc. Stockholders&#8217; Equity





































































Balance
 March 31
 2010




54
001











76
607





(48
289







24
015











52
931



























(40
068





















(40
260











3
300











58
833























58
834




Other comprehensive income
 net of tax of nil




























4
189











4
204


















































Balance
 March 31
 2011




57
301











135
440





(88
357







28
204











75
926



























16
737

















17
024




Other comprehensive income
 net of tax of nil




























3
997











4
014


















































Balance
 March 31
 2012




57
301











135
440





(71
620







32
201





1
065





97
092



























(63
888





















(64
221






Other comprehensive income
 net of tax of nil




























(3
373















(3
375






































































































Balance
 March 31
 2013




57
301








135
440



(135
508





28
828







29
207























SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.










Year Ended March 31







































(64
221





17
024



(40
260


























14
976





11
751





10
671









2
423





3
386





4
209





















1
700









36
550





13
834





(9
441











(3
625































































6
698





3
884





(22
896











(12
024







(5
685







(12
976











9
604











(2
835



















(4
358







(7
458











(4
943







(5
453







(1
291











(16
075







10
882





1
258

















1
562





1
819









6
954











(4
804

































18
394





17
047





7
352









(5
744







65
669





(73
723




































Acquisition of property
 plant and equipment




(16
115







(27
323







(8
249











(56
450







(11
738







(2
891











1
565











9
230































(70
012







(38
314







(1
910









































309
115





206
738





206
114









(268
901







(250
743







(179
552











111
208





95
729





57
671









(60
446







(64
263







(67
339











(1
044















(2
044















































62
700





















(3
866











89
546





(12
872







73
684





























1
569





1
997























14
257





16
052










Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year




64
793





48
741





48
693




Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year



79
050



64
793



48
741





































12
779



13
547



9
255























































Purchase of property
 plant and equipment by payable



6
640





5
178


























1
714

















1
209





























SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.















Synutra International
 Inc. and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred to as the &#8220;Company&#8221; or &#8220;Synutra&#8221;) are principally engaged in production
 distribution and sales of dairy based nutritional products under the &#8220;Shengyuan&#8221; or &#8220;Synutra&#8221; line of brands in the People&#8217;s Republic of China (&#8220;China&#8221; or &#8220;PRC&#8221;). The Company focuses on selling powdered formula products for infant and adult
 which are supplemented by other nutritional products
 such as prepared foods and certain nutritional ingredients and supplements.



























The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#8220;US GAAP&#8221;). The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. Under that assumption
 it is expected that assets will be realized and liabilities will be satisfied in the normal course of business.


As of March 31
 2013
 the Company's current liabilities exceed its current assets by $40.0 million and the Company has an asset liability ratio of 94%
 which is defined as total liabilities divided by total assets. In addition
 the Company suffered a loss before income tax expense of $27.0 million and incurred negative cash flows from operations of $5.7 million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013. However
 the Company regards the going concern assumption as appropriate considering the following mitigating factors:









The Company believes that the loss&#160;from operations for the year ended March 31
 2013 is primarily attributable to the short term effect of&#160;a substantial&#160;increase in the retail price of the Company&#8217;s powdered formula products beginning April 1
 2012 and management&#8217;s rationalization of the Company's sales channel which was initiated in September 2012 and was substantially completed by March 2013. The Company managed to reverse the losses incurred in the six months ended September 30
 2012
 with breakeven results from operations in the third quarter and an income from operations in the fourth quarter. In addition
 the Company had positive cash flows from operations for the second half of fiscal 2013 of $41.8 million. The Company has performed a review of its cash flow forecast for the twelve months ending March 31
 2014 and believes that its cash flows from operations will be sufficiently positive for fiscal year 2014 to satisfy its obligations when they fall due.












For the two months ended May 31
 2013
 the Company had repaid short-term bank loans of $28.1 million and current portion of long-term bank loans of $16.1 million
 had borrowed short-term bank loans of $28.3 million and long-term bank loans of $19.6 million.












As of May 31
 2013
 the Company had unused committed credit facility of $18.3 million at its disposal.





Based on the above factors
 management believes that adequate sources of liquidity will exist to fund the Company&#8217;s working capital and capital expenditure requirements
 and to meet its short term debt obligations
 other liabilities and commitments as they become due. Accordingly
 management believes the Company&#160;will continue as a going concern.













The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Synutra International
 Inc. and its subsidiaries
 its consolidated variable interest entity
 Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd.
 its subsidiaries and Heilongjiang Shengyuan Huiren Clinical Examination Co.
 Ltd.
 (Collectively the VIEs)
 in which it has a controlling financial interest. A controlling financial interest is typically determined when a company holds a majority of the voting equity interest in an entity.


US GAAP provides guidance on the identification and financial reporting for entities over which control is achieved through means other than voting interests
 which requires certain VIEs to be consolidated by the primary beneficiary of the entity if the equity investors in the entity do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest or do not have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties.&#160;&#160;Through the contractual arrangements between the Company and the VIEs
 the Company controls the operating activities and holds all the beneficial interests of the VIEs and has been determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIEs. The Company has concluded that such contractual arrangements are legally enforceable. The operations associated with the consolidated VIEs are insignificant and hold deminimis assets and liabilities.


Net income or loss of a subsidiary is attributed to the Company and to the noncontrolling interests either on the basis of relative ownership interest or in accordance with contractual agreements that specify a different allocation
 such as in the case of VIEs. Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Company's equity therein.





























The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates.&#160;&#160;Significant accounting estimates reflected in the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements include allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory valuation
 accrued consumer loyalty program obligations
 sales rebates
 the useful lives of and impairment for property and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets
 impairment of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets
 valuation allowance for deferred tax assets and provision for uncertain tax position.














Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and highly liquid investments which are unrestricted as to withdrawal or use
 and which have original maturities of three months or less when purchased.





























Accounts receivable are recognized and carried at the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectable amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. The Company performs risk assessments for each customer
 and provides a specific allowance for those deemed to have high risk of collectability. The Company also records provision for other customers without specific risks by reviewing the aging of the receivables. Bad debts are written off as incurred.
























Property
 plant and equipment
 net




Property
 plant and equipment are carried at cost. The cost of repairs and maintenance is expensed as incurred; major replacements and improvements are capitalized.

When assets are retired or disposed of
 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gains or losses are included in income in the year of disposition.

Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets or
 when applicable
 the life of the lease
 whichever is shorter. The useful lives for property
 plant and equipment are as follows:






















































Leases are classified as capital or operating leases. A lease that transfers to the lessee substantially all the benefits and risks incidental to ownership is classified as a capital lease. At inception
 a capital lease is recorded at present value of minimum lease payments or the fair value of the asset
 whichever is less. Assets under capital leases are amortized on a basis consistent with that of similar fixed assets or the lease term
 whichever is shorter. Operating lease costs are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.














Construction in progress represents direct costs of construction or acquisition and design fees incurred. Capitalization of these costs ceases and the construction in progress is transferred to property
 plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided until it is completed and ready for intended use.

No interest was capitalized for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011.














The Company evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When these events occur
 the Company measures impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flow is less than the carrying amount of the assets
 the Company would recognize an impairment loss based on the fair value of the assets.




























Goodwill is tested for impairment using a two-step process on an annual basis or when current facts or circumstances indicate that a potential impairment may exist. The first step compares the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount
 including goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets. If the fair value of each reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount
 goodwill is not considered to be impaired and the second step will not be required. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the second step compares the implied fair value of goodwill to the carrying value of a reporting unit's goodwill. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in a manner similar to accounting for a business combination with the allocation of the assessed fair value determined in the first step to the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit. The excess of the fair value of the reporting unit over the amounts assigned to the assets and liabilities is the implied fair value of goodwill. This allocation process is only performed for purposes of evaluating goodwill impairment and does not result in an entry to adjust the value of any assets or liabilities. An impairment loss is recognized for any excess in the carrying value of goodwill over the implied fair value of goodwill.


Intangible assets with an indefinite life are tested for impairment on an annual basis or when current facts or circumstances indicate that a potential impairment may exist. The impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair value of the intangible asset to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount exceeds the fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized equal in amount to that excess.

Management performs its annual impairment test for goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite life on March 31.&#160;In fiscal year ended March 31
&#160;2013 and 2012
 no intangible assets were impaired. In fiscal year ended March 31
 2011
 the Company recorded impairment loss of goodwill and definite-lived intangible assets of $1.4 million and $0.3 million
 respectively.














Current income taxes are provided for in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to the Company as enacted by the relevant tax authorities. Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred taxes are determined based upon differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities at currently enacted statutory tax rates for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. Net operating losses are carried forward and credited by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years. A valuation allowance is provided on deferred tax assets to the extent that it is more likely than not that such deferred tax assets will not be realized. The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are individually classified as current and non-current based on the characteristics of the underlying assets and liabilities
 or the expected timing of their use when they do not relate to a specific asset or liability.

















The functional currency and reporting currency of Synutra International
 Inc. and Synutra Illinois are United States Dollar (&#8220;US Dollar&#8221;). Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the US dollar are translated into US dollar at the rates of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. Transactions in currencies other than the US dollar during the year are converted into the US dollar at the applicable rates of exchange prevailing on the day transactions occurred. Transaction gains and losses are recognized in the statement of operations. Transaction gains or losses were $840
000 gain
 $1.2 million gain
 and $642
000 gain for the year ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively and are recorded in other income (expense)
 net.

The financial records of the Company&#8217;s PRC subsidiaries are maintained in Renminbi (&#8220;RMB&#8221;)
 and the financial records of the Company&#8217;s Netherland subsidiary are maintained in Euro (&#8220;EUR&#8221;)
 which are their functional currencies. Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rates at the balance sheet date
 equity accounts are translated at historical exchange rates and revenues
 expenses
 gains and losses are translated using the average rate for the year. Translation adjustments are reported as cumulative translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component of the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).





























The Company recognizes revenue when title and risk and rewards for the products are transferred to the customer
 price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. At the time of sale
 the Company also records estimates for a variety of sales deductions
 including value added taxes
 rebates
 discounts and incentives
 trade promotions and product returns. Sales deductions are reported as a reduction of revenue. Most of the Company&#8217;s nutritional product sales are made through distributors. Under the distributor arrangement
 evidenced by purchase order
 sales revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the distributors. The revenue recognition of My Angel series
 which is directly sold to baby stores
 is similar to that of distributor sales
 and the sales revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the baby stores. The Company applies this revenue recognition policy uniformly to all nutritional products
 including all dairy-based pediatric and adult nutritional products.




The Company&#8217;s gross sales are subject to various deductions
 primarily comprised of rebates and discounts to distributors and retailers. These deductions represent estimates of the related obligations
 requiring the use of judgment when estimating the impact of these sales deductions on gross sales for a reporting period. The Company reports these adjustments as a reduction of gross sales to arrive at net sales.












The Company offers product discounts to compensate certain distributors for promotional expenses and slotting fees paid by them. These distributors are responsible for organizing local promotional activities and paying slotting fees to retail outlets within their sales territory
 and providing the Company with documentation of their expenditures
 which would be recorded as product discounts and a reduction of the receivable from distributors in the applicable month.













The Company offers rebates to other distributors and supermarket retailers as sales incentives. These rebate programs provide that distributors and supermarket retailers receive a rebate after attaining certain amount of orders relating to specific products. Since rebates are contractually agreed upon
 the Company estimates rebates based on the specific terms in each agreement and anticipated performance for the current year. The Company considers the sales performance of products subject to rebates and applicable rebate rate
 and adjusts the provision periodically to reflect actual experience. Actual amounts may differ if actual performance varies from estimates. The Company records rebates as a reduction of revenues in the year in which these programs are offered.















For product sales made directly to supermarket retailers
 certain slotting fees
 such as shelf display
 end-cap placement
 bar-coding
 banner advertising
 are paid to the supermarket retailers. These slotting fees are deducted from revenues.













































Shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred and outbound freight is not billed to customers. Shipping and handling costs are included in selling and distribution expenses. The costs were $3.9 million
 $5.3 million and $4.4 million for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.





























Government subsidies for revenue and/or expenses should be recognized in income when the related revenue and/or expense are recorded. Government subsidies related to property
 plant and equipment are deferred and amortized in a manner consistent with the depreciation expense of the related assets over the useful lives of these assets. Government subsidies relating to specific borrowings are recorded as an offset to the interest expense over the term of these borrowings. Unrestricted government subsidies from local governmental agencies allowing the Company full discretion in the fund utilization were $4.2 million
 $5.5 million and $1.4 million for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 which were recorded in government subsidy in the consolidated statements of operations.














Mandatory contributions are made to the government&#8217;s health
 retirement benefit and unemployment schemes at the statutory rates in force during the period
 based on gross salary payments. The cost of these payments is charged to the statements of operation in the same period as the related salary cost.






























Comprehensive income (loss) is defined to include all changes in equity of the Company during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners
 including adjustments to accumulated foreign currency translation.














Financial instruments that potentially expose the Company to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 accounts receivable
 due from related parties
 prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets. All of the Company&#8217;s cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash are held with financial institutions that the Company believes to be high credit quality.














The noncontrolling interest represents the portion of the equity interest in the subsidiaries
 Baoquanling and Meitek
 not directly or indirectly attributable to the Company. The noncontrolling interest reported as equity in the consolidated financial statements
 it also reported the consolidated net income at amounts that include the amounts attributable to both the parent and the noncontrolling interest on the face of the consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).






























Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value
 the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. The fair value measurement guidance provides a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. A financial instrument's categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement as follows:




Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset (i.e.
 interest rates
 yield curves
 etc.)
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market corroborated inputs).


Level 3 inputs include unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that reflect management&#8217;s assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset. The management develops these inputs based on the best information available
 including their own data.















The carrying value of financial instruments including cash and cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 accounts receivable
 receivable from assets disposal
 other current assets
 other assets
 accounts payable
 advance from customers
 short-term debt
 long-term debt due within one year
 other current liabilities and due to and from related parties
 approximates their fair value at March 31
 2013 due to the relatively short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying value of long-term debt
 capital lease obligations and other long-term liabilities approximates its fair value as their interest rates are at the same level of the current market yield for comparable loans.














In July 2012
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the &#8220;FASB&#8221;) has issued an authoritative pronouncement related to testing indefinite-lived intangible assets
 other than goodwill
 for impairment. Under the pronouncement
 entities testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment would have the option of performing a qualitative assessment before calculating the fair value of the asset. If an entity determines
 on the basis of qualitative factors
 that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is not more likely than not impaired
 a quantitative fair value calculation would not be needed. The amendments are effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012 with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this ASU is not expected to have a significant effect on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.


In February 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-02
 &#8220;Reporting Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&#8221; ASU No. 2013-02 requires companies to provide additional information about the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component. In addition
 companies are required to present
 either on the face of the financial statements or in the notes
 significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income. The amendments are effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2012. This ASU does not change the requirements for reporting net income or other comprehensive income. Because the standard only affects the presentation of comprehensive income and does not affect what is included in comprehensive income
&#160;the adoption of this ASU is not expected to&#160;have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.































The Company did not have any items recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of March 31
 2013 and 2012. The Company did not have any items recorded at fair value on a recurring basis subsequent to initial recognition as of March 31
 2013 and 2012.















The Company&#8217;s inventories at March 31
 2013 and 2012 are summarized as follows:









March 31
 2013




March 31
 2012








56
607



51
844








17
023





6
073









14
077





17
582








87
707



75
499





The value of goods-in-transit included in raw materials was $15.9 million and $21.4 million as of March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 which mainly represented the purchase of milk powder and whey protein from international sources.













Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability
 directly or indirectly
 to control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operational decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to common control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals or corporate entities.





































Engages in buying and selling packaging materials
 vitamin and mineral pre-mixes
 and other food ingredients.











Produces and distributes retail-packaged yogurt products in Beijing. Kelqin was sold to a third party in April 2013
 and was no longer considered a related party from that date.







St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co.
 Ltd.












Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.












Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Honnete&#8221;)











Qingdao Lvyin Waste Disposal Investment Management Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Lvyin&#8221;)











Beijing Dongan Hengxin Property Development Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Dongan Hengxin&#8221;)











Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Ao Naier&#8221;)





























Due from related parties
 including current and non-current portion












March 31
 2013




March 31
 2012








1
882



1
874



Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.










3
181









3
132





5
987




Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co.
 Ltd.










1
220








5
677



12
262
























March 31
 2013




March 31
 2012








1
107



1
156



Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.































Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.



















1
862



1
655





The Company had certain related party borrowings which were recorded in long-term debt due within one year. See Note 10. Except for the related party borrowings
 the amount due to and due from related parties were unsecured and interest free.




























In the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 the Company&#8217;s sales to related parties mainly included whey protein powder to Honnete
 feed grade milk powder to Ao Naier
 and powdered formula products to St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service
 and services for related parties represent office spaces rented to Honnete
 Ao Naier and St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service. In the fiscal year ended March 31
 2012
 the Company&#8217;s sales to related parties included whey protein to Honnete
 powdered formula products to St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service
 feed grade milk powder and whey protein to Ao Naier and chondroitin sulfate to Lvyin. In the fiscal year ended March 31
 2011
 the Company&#8217;s sales to related parties include whey protein and industrial milk powder to Honnete
 industrial milk powder to Kelqin
 powdered formula products and chondroitin sulfate to St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service
 and chondroitin sulfate to Lvyin.







Year Ended March 31
























Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.







1
242



5
333



Beijing Kelqin Dairy Co.
 Ltd.





















St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co.
 Ltd.




2
470





9
861










Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co.
 Ltd.





















Qingdao Lvyin Waste Disposal Investment Management Co.
 Ltd.

























3
538



11
797



5
871




Before September 2011
 St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co.
 Ltd. also acted as a sub-distributor of the Company's products. From September 2011
 St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co.
 Ltd. began to make all purchases directly from the Company.&#160;Sales of powdered formula products&#160;from independent distributors&#160;to St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service were nil
 $7.5 million and $22.0 million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 which were not included in the above transaction amount.














In the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 major transactions included (i) the Company purchased Lactose from Honnete
 and (ii) St. Angel Cultural Communication implemented certain marketing&#160;activities for the Company. In the fiscal year ended March 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company&#8217;s purchases from related parties mainly included catalogues
 brochures
 and marketing materials from St. Angel Cultural Communication.







Year Ended March 31
























Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.



4
674











Beijing Kelqin Dairy Co.
 Ltd.





















Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.

























5
262
















































March 31
 2013




March 31
 2012








1
129



3
493








10
051





8
105









2
126





2
635









2
221















2
877





1
243








18
404



16
320












PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET













March 31
 2013




March 31
 2012




Property
 plant and equipment
 cost:













5
637



4
321








84
502





84
558









84
559





83
387









10
809





7
986









3
180





2
951
























189
605



183
839




































15
750





12
240









40
396





33
338









4
190





2
792









2
212





1
909

























63
684





51
240









4
200





2
303




Property
 plant and equipment
 net



130
121



134
902








During the fiscal year ended March 31
 2012
 the Company renovated its leased office buildings in Beijing. Total expenditures were approximately $34.6 million and were recorded in property
 plant and equipment
 of which $10.2 million was borne by the lessor. As of March 31
 2012
 the Company modified the original lease agreement for the building and the land use right
 in connection with the $10.2 million of lease payments waived by the lessor related to the renovation costs they agreed to bear. The capital lease obligation and related assets were adjusted to account for this modification.

The Company recorded depreciation expense&#160;of $14.7 million
 $11.6 million and $10.5 million for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.























LAND USE RIGHTS
 NET














March 31
 2013




March 31
 2012




Land use rights
 cost



11
967



11
092








1
138










Land use rights
 net



10
829



10
198





The Company recorded amortization expense of $239
000
 $180
000 and $144
000 for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.









INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET

































As of March 31
 2013:










4
135











4
135








As of March 31
 2012:










4
377











4
377





The intangible assets as of March 31
 2013 represent $2.9 million for registered trademark of Dutch Cow
 which is used for the Company&#8217;s powdered adult formula products; $331
000 for registered trademark of Huiliduo
 which is used for the foods products; and $862
000 for registered trademark of Ausmeadow
 which is for infant formula products.

Amortization expense was nil
 ni and $19
000 for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.





























As of March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had short-term debt from banks in the amount of $127.4 million and $86.6 million
 respectively.&#160;&#160;The maturity dates of the short-term debt outstanding range from April 2013 to March 2014. The weighted average interest rate on short-term debt outstanding at March 31
 2013 and 2012 was 3.8% and 5.7%
 respectively. Certain portion of these debts use floating interest rates
 which are calculated based on the benchmark lending interest rate published by China&#8217;s central bank or on LIBOR. The short-term debt at March 31
 2013 and 2012 were secured by the pledge of certain inventory purchased under letter of credit of $26.4 million and $25.0 million
 respectively; the pledge of certain fixed assets totaling $13.4 million and $5.6 million
 respectively; the pledge of the Company&#8217;s land use right of $5.4 million and $0.5 million
 respectively; and the pledge of restricted cash deposits of $33.0 million and $15.8 million
 respectively.

As of March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company had long-term debt
 including current portion
 from banks in the amount of $184.8 million and $130.7 million
 respectively. The maturity dates of the long-term debt outstanding range from May 2013 to June 2015. The weighted average interest rate of outstanding long-term debt at March 31
 2013 and 2012 was 5.6% and 6.6%
 respectively. Certain portion of these debts use floating interest rates
 which are calculated based on the benchmark lending interest rate published by China&#8217;s central bank or on LIBOR. The indebtedness at March 31
 2013 and 2012 was secured by the pledge of certain fixed assets of $15.3 million and $17.4 million
 respectively; the pledge of land use right of $1.2 million and $1.2 million
 respectively; and the pledge of restricted cash deposits of $41.2 million and $21.0 million
 respectively.


As of March 31
 2013
 the Company had a long-term loan due within one year from a related party of $2.9 million. The maturity date of the long-term related party loan principal and interest will be in November 2013. The interest rate of the long-term loan at March 31
 2013 and 2012 was 10.0%. The interest expense of related party loans for the year ended March 31
 2013 and 2012 were $286
000 and $336
000
 respectively.


Maturities on long-term debt
 including current and non-current portion
&#160;subject to mandatory redemption are as follows:










Year Ending March 31











$82
663








88
605









13
559



























March 31
 2013




March 31
 2012








21
314



2
689








6
253





7
978









5
496





1
720









12
034





16
846















2
358









1
461





4
819









2
346















3
209





3
549








52
788



40
560
















Future minimum capital lease payments at March 31
 2013 are as follows:









Year Ending March 31


























































17
026









19
737









11
889









7
848



















7
848








7
848




The Company recorded depreciation expense of $92
000
 $144
000 and $136
000 for capital leased assets for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 and recorded interest expense of $201
000
 $548
000 and $456
000 for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. The interest rates associated with the capital leases are from 6.8% to 7.83% per annum.











































Under the federal and state income tax laws of United States
 the Company is subject to tax on its income or capital gains. The applicable rate is 34% for fiscal year 2013
 2012 and 2011.



The Company&#8217;s subsidiary incorporated in the Netherlands is subject to Netherland&#8217;s profit tax.&#160;The applicable rate is 20% on the first EUR 200
000 of taxable profits.&#160; For taxable profits exceeding EUR 200
000
 the applicable rate is 25% for fiscal year 2013
 fiscal year 2012 and fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011
 and 25.5% for first
 second and third quarter of fiscal year 2011.









On March 16
 2007
 the National People&#8217;s Congress of the PRC approved and promulgated the new Enterprise Income Tax Law (&#8220;EIT Law&#8221;)
 which took effect beginning January 1
 2008. Under the new EIT law
 foreign investment enterprises and domestic companies are subject to a uniform tax rate of 25%. The new tax law provides a transition period from its effective date for certain qualifying enterprises which were established before the promulgation date of the new tax law and which were entitled to&#160;certain preferential lower tax rate or tax holiday under the then effective tax laws or regulations.












Statutory Tax Rate Beginning January 1
 2008








Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.











Zhangjiakou Chahaer Dairy Co.
 Ltd.&#160;











Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd.







2 years tax&#160;exempt (2008
 2009); 3 years tax at 12.5% (2010-12)



Inner Mongolia Mengyuan Food Co.
 Ltd.











Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.







2 years tax&#160;exempt (2008
 2009); 3 years tax at 12.5% (2010-12)



Beijing Shengyuan Huiliduo Food Technology Co.
 Ltd.











Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd.











Global Food Trading (Shanghai) Co.
 Ltd.







20% (2009)
 22% (2010)
 24% (2011)
 25% (2012)




In accordance with the EIT Law
 dividends which arise from profits of foreign invested enterprises (&#8220;FIEs&#8221;) earned after January 1
 2008 are subject to a 10% withholding&#160;tax. In addition
 under the tax arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong
 if the foreign investor is incorporated in Hong Kong and qualifies as the beneficial owner
 the applicable withholding tax rate is reduced from 10% to 5%
 if the investor holds at least 25% in the FIE. A deferred tax liability should be recognized for the undistributed profits of PRC companies unless the Company has sufficient evidence to demonstrate that the undistributed dividends will be permanently reinvested. As of March 31
 2013
 all earnings generated in China and Hong Kong are intended to be permanently reinvested and as a result
 the Company did not record any&#160;deferred tax liability&#160;on such undistributed&#160;earnings.





























For financial reporting purposes
 income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) includes the following components:







Year Ended March 31




























(3
045









(1
669










2
338

































2
808















(25
462







26
902





(47
789








(27
035





30
534



(49
566




















The income tax expense (benefit) reconciled to the tax expense (benefit) computed at the US statutory rate was approximately as follows for the years ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011:







Year Ended March 31




























(9
192





10
382



(16
853
















(2
593







4
203

































46
700





2
984





1
306



























































(1
441





1
131





















2
037





1
621








37
186





13
510



(9
306






Some of the&#160;Company&#8217;s PRC subsidiaries are eligible for tax holidays. The impact of these tax holidays decreased PRC tax benefit by $307
000 for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 decreased PRC tax&#160;benefit by $71
000 for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2012
 and decreased PRC tax&#160;expense by $42
000 for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2011. The benefit of the tax holidays on both basic and diluted loss per share was $0.01
 nearly zero
 and nearly zero for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.








Deferred tax assets by type of temporary difference
 credits and change in valuation allowance














March 31
 2013




March 31
 2012


















1
377



1
240
























11
659





10
121

























2
184





2
073









12
556





6
726















2
262









1
250















29
730





22
721









(29
730







(4
894














17
827





























25
487



25
527














































1
081

























27
241





27
602









(27
241







(8
695














18
907





























March 31
 2013




March 31
 2012








13
589



10
605








46
700





3
145









(3
318


















56
971



13
589





The Company considers positive and negative evidence to determine whether some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will more likely than not be realized. This assessment considers
 among other matters
 the nature
 frequency and severity of recent losses
 forecasts of future profitability
 the duration of statutory carryforward periods
 the Company&#8217;s experience with tax attributes expiring unused and tax planning alternatives. Valuation allowances have been established for deferred tax assets based on a more likely than not threshold. The Company&#8217;s ability to realize deferred tax assets depends on its ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward periods provided for under the tax law. The Company considers the following possible sources of taxable income when assessing the realization of deferred tax assets:







At March 31
 2013
 the net operating loss carryforward of Synutra Illinois and Synutra International
 Inc.
 which file a consolidated tax return
 is approximately $13.6 million
 which expires in 2029. Subject to the federal income tax rate of 34%
 the tax benefit is $4.6 million. Synutra Illinois and Synutra International
 Inc. do not have enough profit in the foreseeable future to realize the tax benefit. As a result
 the Company believes that it is more likely than not that the benefit from the net operating loss carryforward of Synutra Illinois and Synutra International
 Inc. will not be realized. In recognizing this risk
 the Company has fully provided a valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets of Synutra Illinois and Synutra International
 Inc. If or when recognized
 the tax benefits relating to any reversal of the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets at March 31
 2013 will be recognized as a reduction of income tax expense.


At March 31
 2013
 the net operating loss carryforward of PRC subsidiaries is $129.5 million which expires in 2018 at the latest
 and the deferred tax asset is $32.4 million. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that the benefit from the net operating loss carryforward of these PRC subsidiaries will not be realized. In recognizing this risk
 the Company has fully provided a valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets relating to the net operating loss carryforward of these PRC subsidiaries. If or when recognized
 the tax benefits relating to any reversal of the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets at March 31
 2013 will be recognized as a reduction of income tax expense.


Deductible tax credits carryforward for PRC equipment purchases expired in calendar year 2012. As a result
 the Company has derecognized deferred tax assets related to these tax credits carryforward for PRC equipment purchases.


The Company disposed and liquidated certain subsidiaries in fiscal year 2013. As a result
 the Company derecognized deferred tax assets and released valuation allowance related to these subsidiaries.















Income taxes for the PRC subsidiaries are calculated on a separate entity basis. Each of the Company&#8217;s PRC subsidiaries files stand-alone tax returns. The income tax expense for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 are summarized as follows:







Year Ended March 31


























































































































































































































36
553





13
834





(9
441











36
553





13
834





(9
441










37
186





13
510



(9
306


































The Company made its assessment of the level of authority for each tax position (including the potential application of interests and penalties) based on the technical merits
 and has measured the unrecognized benefits associated with the tax positions. These liabilities are recorded in other long term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. The Company recognizes&#160;the liability for unrecognized tax benefits
 and the associated interest and penalties within the income tax expense line in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The Company does not anticipate any significant increases or decreases to its liability for unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months.









March 31
































1
199



1
042































































1
199




The reduction of the uncertain&#160;tax position of $206
000 in the fiscal year 2013 is related to&#160;the tax de-registration&#160;of a subsidiary
 Heilongjiang Mingshan Dairy Co.
 Ltd. The balance of unrecognized tax benefits at March 31
 2013
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.

According to PRC Tax Administration and Collection Law
 the statute of limitations is three years if the underpayment of taxes is due to computational errors made by the taxpayer or withholding agent. The statute of limitations will be extended to five years under special circumstances
 which are not clearly defined (but an underpayment of tax liability exceeding RMB100
000 is specifically listed as a special circumstance). In the case of a related party transaction
 the statute of limitations is ten years. There is no statute of limitations in the case of tax evasion. The Company's PRC subsidiaries are therefore generally subject to examination by the PRC tax authorities from calendar year 2008 through 2012 on non-transfer pricing matters
 and from calendar year 2003 through 2012 on transfer pricing matters. The statute of limitations in the US is generally three years.














For purposes of calculating basic and diluted earnings per share
 the Company used the following weighted average common stocks outstanding:







Year Ended March 31




























(63
888





16
737



(40
068










57
301





57
301





56
476


























The Company granted ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
 Hong Kong Branch (now known as The Royal Bank of Scotland N.V. (RBS)) warrants to purchase 400
000 shares of common stock in connection with the RBS Loan in fiscal year 2008. These warrants were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share for all periods presented as they would be anti-dilutive.









































As of March 31
 2013
 the Company had outstanding commitments of $611
000 for advertising purchases
 and $17.8 million for milk powder
 whey protein
 imported Dutch Cow brand products and imported Super brand products within the next twelve months.


As of March 31
 2013
 the Company&#8217;s capital purchase commitments amounted to $0.4 million mainly in relation to&#160;manufacturing equipment.


On September 17
 2012
 the Company entered into a partnership framework agreement
 a milk supply agreement
 a whey supply agreement
 a whey powder supply agreement
 and a technical assistance agreement with Sodiaal Union
 a French agricultural cooperative company (&#8220;Sodiaal&#8221;)
 and/or Euroserum SAS (&#8220;Euroserum&#8221;)
 a French subsidiary of Sodiaal
 relating to a long-term industrial and commercial partnership between Sodiaal and the Company. Under these agreements
 the Company undertakes to build a new drying facility in Carhaix
 France
 intended to manufacture powdered milk and fat-enriched demineralized whey. Pursuant to the partnership framework agreement
 the operational commissioning of the new drying facility will take place no later than January 2
 2015. In the event of a delay beyond January 2
 2015 and save for limited exceptions
 the Company undertakes to compensate
 according to the circumstance
 Sodiaal or Euroserum for the loss incurred as a result of such delay. The loss incurred by Sodiaal or Euroserum in case of a delay of the operational commissioning of the new drying facility beyond January 2
 2015 shall amount to the loss of profits actually suffered
 as the case may be
 by Sodiaal or Euroserum under the milk supply agreement or the whey supply agreement. The estimated cost to build the facility is &#8364; 90 million (approximately $117 million). The Company plans to finance&#160;a majority of the cost with long-term project financing
 and&#160;the remaining part of the project&#160;with cash on hand and operating cash flow. The Company committed to purchase
 and Sodiaal and Euroserum committed to sell
 288 million liters of milk per year for ten years
 an amount of whey equivalent to 24
000 tons of 70% demineralized pre-concentrated dry whey extract per year for ten years
 and 6
000 tons of 70% demineralized whey powder per year
 or an equivalent quantity of liquid whey
 for ten years
 at market based prices at the time of purchase
 to satisfy the production needs of the new drying facility. If the Company purchases less than the agreed amount
 the Company would compensate Sodiaal or Euroserum for the loss suffered. On March 20
 2013
 the Company received the required approvals from China's National Development and Reform Commission and Ministry of Commerce for the project. As of June 13
 2013
 the Company is in the process of obtaining approval from the French government in connection with this project and negotiating borrowing terms with certain banks. The Company expects the construction will start in fiscal 2014.


As the cost to build the facility in the next several years and the price of raw milk and whey in the next ten years can not be predicted with precision
 the building cost and purchase commitment of new drying facility was not included in the above purchase commitment and capital commitment disclosure.













The Company leases certain land use right
 office facilities and certain warehouses under non-cancellable operating leases. The operating lease commitments of the Company at March 31
 2013 are as follows:



















1
758








1
689









1
683









1
683









1
683









49
709








58
205




The operating lease expense for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 were $3.2 million
 $1.3 million and $2.9 million
 respectively.













The Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims which arise in the ordinary course of business. Claims have been made against the Company from time to time. The Company intends to contest each lawsuit vigorously. The Company is not involved in any legal proceedings which it believes will have the potential for a materially adverse impact on the Company&#8217;s business or financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows.





























The Company focuses on selling premium infant formula products
 which are supplemented by more affordable infant formula products targeting the mass market as well as other nutritional products
 such as adult powdered formula and prepared foods
 and certain nutritional ingredients and supplements. The activities of each segment are as follows:





 - Sales of nutritional ingredients and supplements such as chondroitin sulfate to external customers
 and microencapsulated Docosahexanoic Acid (&#8220;DHA&#8221;) and Arachidonic Acid (&#8220;ARA&#8221;) to powdered formula segment.














Year Ended March 31









































224
423



301
664



185
569






























6
836











1
001









34
161





39
713





61
451








265
770



342
539



248
516






























































9
212





12
241





8
316

















1
201





2
150








9
685



13
785



10
949























102
248



142
475



78
311








(2
861







(2
099







(1
249











(2
810







(2
358







(2
101













(2
018







2
903





2
786








94
559



140
921



77
747








53
607





51
221





48
409









32
574





28
442





41
420









30
220





23
948





28
261





















1
440









3
625





















4
217





5
484





1
441









(14
000







42
794





(40
342











15
018





14
276





10
321









2
326





1
870










Other income (expense)
 net



























(27
035





30
534



(49
566

























11
149



35
359



5
324









































































11
406



35
498



6
213























9
777



7
704



7
040








2
864





1
671





1
428









2
016





1
962





1
841






























14
976



11
751



10
671



























March 31
 2013




March 31
 2012





















491
079







436
284









20
150





24
928









33
879





33
292











133
748





170
386









(202
712







(216
977













476
144







447
913























104
760







103
661









17
719





20
379









18
271





19
907

















1
153











140
950







145
100














Year Ended March 31













































































Year Ended March 31






















Customer A
 sales of surplus milk powder


















42
361






* No single customer accounts for more than 10% of net sales for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013 and 2012.


















Accumulated other comprehensive income as of March 31
 2013 and 2012 was comprised entirely of foreign currency translation adjustments. During the year ended March 31
 2013
 the Company liquidated three subsidiaries which had minimal operations and disposed of two immaterial subsidiaries. In connection with the sale and liquidation of these subsidiaries
 the Company reclassified net currency translation adjustments totaling $3.1 million from accumulated other comprehensive income to net income (loss).



























Full time employees of the Company in the PRC participate in a government-mandated multi-employer defined contribution plan pursuant to which certain pension benefits
 medical care
 unemployment insurance and other welfare benefits are provided to employees. PRC labor regulations require the Company to accrue for these benefits based on certain percentage of the employees&#8217; salaries. The total contribution for such employee benefits were $7.0 million
 $6.3 million and $6.4 million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.













Relevant PRC statutory laws and regulations permit payments of dividends by the Company&#8217;s PRC subsidiaries only out of their retained earnings
 if any
 as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. PRC laws and regulations require that annual appropriations of 10% of after-tax income should be set aside prior to payment of dividends as a general reserve fund. In addition
 there are restrictions on the distribution of share capital from the Company&#8217;s PRC subsidiaries. As a result of these PRC laws and regulations
 the Company&#8217;s PRC subsidiaries and PRC affiliates are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to the Company in the form of dividends

 2013
 the common stock
 additional paid-in capital and statutory reserve of PRC subsidiaries were RMB 1017.4 million
 which were equivalent to $162.3 million using the exchange rate as of March 31
 2013.






























Summarized quarterly financial information in fiscal years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012 is as follows:




































































53
586







66
100







73
228







72
856







43
757







99
053







114
362







85
367









17
301





17
474





31
511





28
273





16
079





41
999





47
284





35
559









(9
699







(44
186







(13
270







3
267





(9
596







8
525





10
286





7
522









57
301





57
301





57
301





57
301





57
301





57
301





57
301





57
301

































































































SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.



(Dollars and shares in thousands
 except per share data)







March 31
 2013




March 31
 2012































1
077

































1
077

























57
411





66
824















41
642









1
266





1
382











59
754







110
714











































2
860















1
673















4
533















1
724





10
389















2
860









24
731





1
290









30
988





14
687






































Common stock
 $.0001 par value: 250
000 authorized; 57
301 and 57
301 issued and outstanding at March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively




















135
440





135
440









(135
508







(71
620











28
828





32
201









28
766





96
027











59
754







110
714






















&#160;(Dollars in thousands
 except per share data)







Year Ended March 31










































1
570







1
280







1
009









1
570





1
280





1
009






























































Other income
 net&#160;










1
500












3
625
















(65
893







17
168





(38
678













(63
888









16
737







(40
068

























57
301





57
301





56
476















































Year Ended March 31





























(63
888









16
737







(40
068



































3
997





4
189









(3
141























(3
373







3
997





4
189









(67
261







20
734





(35
879


































Year Ended March 31










































(63
888









16
737







(40
068



























65
893





(17
168







38
678






(3
625












































































(18
103













(1
155

























1
557









(8
665







10
389

















1
525





















(1
290























(27
943







10
894





(1
125









































28
246



























(10
000







(22
250











28
246





(10
000







(22
250















































(1
000







(35
000























62
700





















(3
866

















(1
000







23
834




























Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year





















Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year






1
077






































The parent company financial statements have been prepared using the same accounting principles and policies described in the notes to the consolidated financial statements
 with the only exception being that the company accounts for its subsidiaries using the equity method. Please refer to the notes to the consolidated financial statements presented above for additional information and disclosures with respect to these financial statements.

Schedule I has been provided pursuant to the requirements of Rule 12-04(a) and 5-04(c) of Regulation S-X
 which require condensed financial information as to the financial position
 changes in financial position and results of operations of a parent company as of the same dates and for the same periods for which audited consolidated financial statements have been presented when the restricted net assets of consolidated subsidiaries exceed 25 percent of consolidated net assets as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal year.

















SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.






























































7
845







2
358







2
688







7
515













8
779

























7
845













4
355







4
447















8
779


































2
164























2
682













2
166

























2
164













2
098























2
166

































4
322



























3
837




















4
322















4
322


































13
589







46
700







3
318







56
971













10
605







3
145















13
589













9
299







2
813







1
507







10
605
































Our management
 with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report.


Based on such evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that
 as of March 31
 2013
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (a) recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms and (b) accumulated and communicated to the our management
 including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 or persons performing similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.




Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2013. In making this assessment
 our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on our assessment
 management believes that
 as of March 31
 2013
 our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria.


Our independent registered public accounting firm
 Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP

 Ltd. At the direction of the government of the PRC in accordance with applicable PRC laws and regulations
 Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu CPA
 Ltd. has restructured as a new partnership and changed its name to Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
 which succeeded for all purposes and assumed all of the obligations and rights of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu CPA
 Ltd. with effect from January 1
 2013.






















At March 31
 2012
 we identified the following control deficiencies that constituted a material weakness:









The Company lacks a Chief Financial Officer with requisite skills to perform a sufficient review of the US GAAP consolidated financial statements and related footnote disclosures. As a result
 the Company was unable to effectively operate period-end financial reporting and disclosure controls related to unusual and complex transactions.





In the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013 we have made the following enhancements to our internal controls over financial reporting:









On December 18
 2012 we hired Ms. Ning Cai to be our Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Cai has significant experience working in corporate finance roles and US GAAP accounting and financial reporting.










We developed
 implemented and operated financial reporting and disclosure monitoring procedures for the CFO&#8217;s review of complex and unusual accounting transactions
 and the completeness and accuracy of disclosures.










We have implemented a training program for our financial reporting team
 which includes the participation in periodic external training programs that address U.S. GAAP technical accounting topics and SEC financial reporting and disclosure requirements.







Based upon these actions taken and our testing and evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal controls
 we have concluded that the material weakness no longer existed as of March 31
 2013. We are committed to monitoring the effectiveness of these measures and making any changes that are necessary and appropriate in the future.


Other than as previously discussed
 there have not been any other changes in our internal control over financial reporting in the year ended March 31
 2013
 which have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.



















To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Synutra International
 Inc.:


We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Synutra International
 Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of March 31
 2013
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.


We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
 and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the company's principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the company's board of directors
 management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting
 including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls
 material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also
 projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


In our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2013
 based on the criteria established in 


We have also audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules as of and for the year ended March 31
 2013
 of the Company and our report dated June 13
 2013 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and financial statement schedules.



Shanghai
 China
June 13
 2013























ITEM 10.&#160;&#160;DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 DIRECTORS AND SIGNIFICANT EMPLOYEES

The following sets forth information about our directors and executive officers as of June 13
 2013:







































































Vice President
 Production











Vice President
 Human resources and administration























































































Member of Audit Committee
 Compensation Committee and Nominating Committee











. Liang Zhang is our founder and has served as the chairman of our board of directors and Chief Executive officer since we became a public company in 2005. Mr. Zhang is also currently in charge of our marketing and sales function. Prior to that
 Mr. Zhang served as chief executive officer of Synutra Illinois since 2000. Mr. Zhang has worked in the food ingredients industry since the 1980s and founded his first entrepreneurial venture
 Honnete
 in the early 1990s. Honnete has since become the dominant supplier of whey protein products in China. Mr. Zhang has been recognized as a business leader in the dairy industry in China
 serving as vice chairman of the China Dairy Industry Association. Mr. Zhang&#8217;s experience as founder of Honnete gives him valuable insight into marketing strategies in our industry
 and his service as vice chairman of the China Dairy Industry Association is invaluable to our Board&#8217;s discussions of regulatory issues pertaining to the dairy industry. Mr. Zhang received a bachelor&#8217;s degree in French language and literature from Nanjing International Relations Institute of China.


 Ning Cai joined us in December 2012. Ms. Cai has thirteen years of experience in corporate finance and investment banking. Ms. Cai joins Synutra from Trina Solar Limited (NYSE: TSL)
 where she served as a director of investment analysis from April 2010 to April 2012 and as the controller of System Group &amp;&#160;China region from May 2012 to December 2012.&#160;Before that
 Ms. Cai worked for nine years at Scotia Capital
 the investment banking arm of Bank of Nova Scotia (NYSE: BNS).&#160;Ms. Cai worked&#160;on the execution team in Scotia Capital's San Francisco office&#160;where she&#160;held progressive positions as an Associate from 2001 to&#160;2003
 an&#160;Associate Director from&#160;2003 to&#160;2006 and as a Director&#160;from 2006 to 2009
 primarily covering&#160;the portfolio management and deal execution for the real estate
 gaming &amp; leisure
&#160;and technology&#160;industries.&#160;Ms. Cai started her career with Ernst &amp; Young&#8217;s Shanghai office where she was a staff accountant in the tax group from 1997 to 1999.&#160;&#160;Ms. Cai earned a Bachelor in Economics from Shanghai International Studies University and an MBA from University of Iowa Tippie Business School. Ms. Cai holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation.&#160;


. Weiguo Zhang has been our president since 2005 and is primarily responsible for our financial market operations
 including investor relations
 corporate development
 and international strategic development. Mr. Zhang was our Interim Chief Financial Officer from August 2011 to December 2012. Mr. Zhang first joined us as president of Synutra Illinois in 2001 to oversee our U.S. operations
 including information support in research and technologies and business development. Prior to joining us
 Mr. Zhang was the managing director of Bambridge International
 Ltd.
 which he founded in 1995. Mr. Zhang received a bachelor&#8217;s degree in English language and literature from the Nanjing International Relations Institute and a master&#8217;s degree in international economics and American foreign policy from the School of Advanced International Studies from John Hopkins University.


. Xisen Mu has served as our vice president of production since January 2007. Before joining us
 Mr. Mu worked as general manager of Heilongjiang Dairy Group since 2001. Prior to that
 Mr. Mu held senior positions with other major dairy companies in Heilongjiang province. He has more than twenty years of experience in the dairy industry in China. Mr. Mu received a diploma in management from Qiqihar Institute of Light Industry.


a. Feng Zha joined us in February 2009 and has served as our vice president of human resources and administration since then. Before joining us
 Mr. Zha worked as general manager of PRC Venture Partners LLC from 2006 to 2009. Mr. Zha was one of the major founders of Red Bull business in China
 and had been the general manager of Red Bull Vitamin Drink Co. Ltd. from 1995 to 2003. Prior to that
 Mr. Zha engaged in food safety monitoring in the Ministry of Health of the People&#8217;s Republic of China. Mr. Zha serves as member of market economy committee of the China Dairy Industry Association. Mr. Zha received a master&#8217;s degree in Biological statistics and information management from Wuhan Medical University
 and an MBA from Concordia University in Canada.


















. Joseph Chow has been a managing director of Moelis and Company since June 2011.&#160;Mr. Chow had been our interim Chief Financial Officer from November 10
 2009 to June 10
 2010
 advisor to our Chairman from June 11
 2010 to June 10
 2011
 and has served as a director of our board of directors since May 4
 2010. Mr. Chow has extensive experience in corporate finance
 financial advisory and management and has held senior executive and managerial positions in various public and private companies. Prior to joining us
 Mr. Chow was a managing director of Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLP from 2008 to 2009. Prior to that
 he served as an independent financial consultant from 2006 to 2008
 as chief financial officer of Harbor Networks Limited from 2005 to 2006
 and as chief financial officer of China Netcom (Holdings) Company Limited from 2001 to 2004. Prior to that Mr. Chow also served as the director of strategic planning of Bombardier Capital
 Inc.
 as vice president of international operations of Citigroup and as the corporate auditor of GE Capital. Mr. Chow currently sits on the board as an independent executive director for China Lodging Group
 Limited (NASDAQ: HTHT)
 and for Intime Department Store (Group) Co.
 Ltd (HKEx: INTIME). Mr. Chow has extensive knowledge of finance and accounting issues from his experience as Chief Financial Officer at Harbor Networks Limited and China Netcom (Holdings) Company Limited. Mr. Chow obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science from Nanjing Institute of International Relations and an MBA from the University of Maryland at College Park.

. David Hui Li has served as a director of our board of directors since February 8
 2010. Mr. Li is a managing director of Warburg Pincus Asia LLC
 a leading global private equity and venture capital firm. Mr. Li has been with Warburg Pincus since 2002. Before joining Warburg Pincus
 Mr. Li was an Executive Director of the investment banking division of Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC and a Vice President and an Associate of Morgan Stanley&#8217;s investment banking division in Hong Kong and New York. Mr. Li has been a director of Kasen International Holdings Limited from May 30
 2006 to October 1
 2008. Mr. Li is also a director of Intime Department Store (Group) Company Ltd.
 Tulip Media (International) Limited and RCS Group.
 Ltd. Mr. Li&#8217;s experience as Executive Director at Goldman Sachs provides him with valuable knowledge of capital markets and his experience with Tulip Media (International) gives the Board perspective with respect to marketing and brand building. Mr. Li received his B.S. degree in Economics from Renmin University of China and an MBA from Yale University&#8217;s School of Management.


. Jinrong Chen has served as a director of our board of directors since June 27
 2006. Ms. Chen has served as associate professor at the School of Economics and Management of Tsinghua University in Beijing since 2001
 specializing in corporate finance management
 securities analysis
 financial operations
 corporate governance and controls. In addition to her academic career with top business schools in China
 Ms. Chen also advises or sits on the board and audit committee of Bosun Tools Co.
 Ltd. and Citic Development &#8211; Shenyang Commercial Building (Group) Company Limited which are listed in China
 and certain private businesses in China. Ms. Chen has extensive knowledge of finance and accounting issues from her experience as professor at the School of Economics and Management of Tsinghua University
 and her experience with Bosun Tools Co.
 Ltd. and Citic Development &#8211; Shenyang Commercial Building (Group) Company Limited gives the Board perspective with respect to corporate governance and brand building. Ms. Chen received her bachelor&#8217;s degree in accounting from Beijing Institute of Electronics &amp; Information and her MBA degree from Renmin University of China.

. Lei Lin has served as a director of our board of directors since October 1
 2007. Since 1992 Mr. Lin has been president and co-chief executive officer of Sinotrust
 a leading consulting company in China which Mr. Lin founded in 1992. Mr. Lin&#8217;s experience as the founder and co-chief executive officer of Sinotrust provides him with deep insight into all aspects of business management. Mr. Lin received his bachelor&#8217;s degree in applied economic mathematics from Renmin University of China.

. Min Zhang has served as a director of our board of directors since February 18
 2011.&#160;&#160;Since March 2008
 Ms. Zhang has served as chief financial officer of China Lodging Group
 Limited
 which operates Hanting Inns business hotel chain in China. She has more than ten&#160;years of experience in finance and consulting with multinational companies. Between 2005 and 2007
 she was Finance Director of Eli Lilly (Asia) Inc.
 Thailand Branch
 and between 2003 and 2005 she worked as Planning and Business Development manager at Eli Lilly &amp; Company
 China
 and as Senior Financial Analyst at Eli Lilly &amp; Company
 Latin America in 2003.&#160;&#160;She served as the Chief Financial Officer of ASIMCO Casting (Beijing) Company
 Ltd.
 between 1998 and 2000.&#160;&#160;She also worked with McKinsey&#160;&amp; Company
 Inc. as a consultant between 2000 and 2001. Ms. Zhang is the chairperson of our audit committee because of her extensive experience and background in finance and consulting
 including her experience serving as Finance Director of Eli Lilly (Asia)
 Thailand Branch
 and CFO of ASIMCO. Ms.&#160;Zhang obtained her Masters of Business Administration degree from Harvard Business School in 2003
 and between 1990 and 1997 she received both Master&#8217;s and Bachelor&#8217;s degrees from the University of International Business and Economics
 Beijing
 China.


. Donghao Yang served as our Chief Financial Officer from June 10
 2010 to August 29
 2011. Mr. Yang has served as a director of our board of directors since August 29
 2011. Mr. Yang has extensive experience in corporate finance
 commodity trading and international business development. Mr. Yang has held senior executive and managerial positions in various public and private companies
 including serving as Chief Financial Officer of VIP shop (NASDAQ: VPS) from August 2011 until now
 Chief Financial Officer of Greater China of Tyson Foods
 Inc. (NYSE: TSN) from March 2007 to April 2010
 as Finance Director of Asia Pacific of Valmont Industries
 Inc. (NYSE: VMI) from October 2003 to March 2007
 and as Director in China Minmetals Brazil Holding Limited from January 1999 to April 2001. Mr. Yang earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Nankai University in 1993 and a Master of Business Administration degree from Harvard Business School in 2003.

Our directors have a term of office expiring at the next annual general meeting
 unless re-elected or earlier vacated in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by and serve at the discretion of the board of directors. All officers have a term of office lasting until their removal or replacement by our board of directors. There are no family relationships among our directors or officers.


















Our board of directors currently has seven directors
 consisting of four independent directors
 all of whom are independent as defined by the applicable listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Select Market.

On June 11
 2008
 our board of directors and stockholders approved our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 which became effective on October 17
 2008. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors shall be divided into three classes of directors. The three classes
 which are required to be as nearly equal in number as possible
 will be designated class I
 class II and class III. The directors serve staggered three-year terms and hold office until their term of office expires or until such time as they are removed from office by resolution of our stockholders. As of the date of this Form 10-K
 Liang Zhang
 Joseph Chow and Donghao Yang are class I directors; Jinrong Chen and David Hui Li are class II directors; and Lei Lin and Min Zhang are class III directors.








Our audit committee consists of Jinrong Chen
 Lei Lin and Min Zhang
 whom are independent as defined by the applicable listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Select Market
 and Donghao Yang
 who is not independent due to the fact that he was employed by us as our Chief Financial Officer during the past three years
 specifically
 from June 10
 2010 to August 29
 2011. However
 as permitted under the rules of the NASDAQ Global Select Market
 the board determined that it was in the best interest of the Company for Mr. Yang to be a member of our audit committee because of his proven financial expertise and deep knowledge of the Company. Ms. Zhang is the chairperson of our audit committee and serves as the financial expert of the committee. The audit committee oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of our financial statements. The audit committee is responsible for
 among other things:
































establishing policies and procedures for the receipt and retention of accounting related complaints and concerns
 including a confidential
 anonymous mechanism for the submission of concerns by employees;











periodically reviewing legal compliance matters
 including securities trading policies
 periodically reviewing significant accounting and other risks or exposures to our company
 reviewing and
 if appropriate
 approving all transactions between our company or its subsidiaries and any related party (as described in Item 404 of Regulation S-K) and periodically reviewing business expenses of our chief executive officer; and

































Our compensation committee consists of Jinrong Chen
 Lei Lin and Min Zhang. Ms. Chen is the chairperson of our compensation committee. The purpose of our compensation committee is to discharge the responsibilities of our board of directors relating to compensation of our executive officers. Specific responsibilities of our compensation committee include:







































Our nominating committee consists of Jinrong Chen
 Lei Lin and Min Zhang. Due to Yiu-Chun Chan&#8217;s resignation from the board
 the chairman position of our nominating committee is currently vacant. The purpose of our nominating committee is to be primarily responsible for identifying individuals qualified to serve as members of the board of directors and recommending to the board the persons to be nominated by the board as nominees for director at each annual meeting of our stockholders. Specific responsibilities of our nominating committee include:































































Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our executive officers
 directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Based solely upon our review of these reports furnished to the Company
 we believe that during the year ended March 31
 2013
 our officers
 directors and greater than ten percent beneficial owners complied with the Section 16(a) filing requirements.




The Company has a code of ethics that applies to all of the Company&#8217;s employees
 including its principal executive officer
 principal financial officer and principal accounting officer
 and the Board of Directors. A copy of this code is available on the Company&#8217;s website at 
 and is included as Exhibit 14.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 16
 2008. A copy of our code of ethics may be obtained free of charge by writing to Investor Relations
 2275 Research Blvd.
 Suite 500
 Rockville
 Maryland 20850. The Company intends to disclose any changes in or waivers from its code of ethics by posting such information on its website or by filing a Form 8-K.




















This section describes the material elements of compensation earned by our named executive officers during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013. Our executive compensation programs are determined and approved by the compensation committee of our board of directors.

Our &#8220;named executive officers&#8221; for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 include:










Liang Zhang
 who serves as our chairman and chief executive officer;













Ning Cai
 who serves as our chief financial officer;













Weiguo Zhang
 who serves as our president and served as our interim chief financial officer prior to appointment of Ning Cai;













Xisen Mu
 who serves as vice president for production management; and













Feng Zha
 who serves as vice president for human resources and administration.





Unless otherwise noted
 the amounts reported in this Form 10-K have been converted from Renminbi to U.S. dollars based on the conversion rate as of March 31
 2013 of RMB 6.2689 to $1.00.




The compensation committee has responsibility for establishing
 implementing and monitoring our executive compensation program philosophy and practices. The compensation committee seeks to ensure that the total compensation paid to our executive officers is fair
 reasonable and competitive.




The compensation committee believes that an effective executive compensation program should provide base annual compensation that is reasonable in relation to the individual executive&#8217;s job responsibilities and reward the achievement of both annual and long-term strategic goals of our company. Because of the size of our company
 the small number of executive officers in our company
 and our company&#8217;s financial priorities
 the compensation committee has decided not to implement or offer any retirement plans
 deferred compensation plans or other similar plans for our named executive officers. Accordingly
 for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 the components of our executive compensation program consisted of cash salary only. We note
 however
 that since 2008
 the Company has adopted the 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (the &#8220;Plan&#8221;). The Plan provides the Company with the ability to grant stock-based awards to all employees
 officers and directors. Although the compensation committee has not to date granted any stock-based awards
 the compensation committee may in future years reassess the levels of equity and cash compensation offered to our executives in light of our profitability and other performance factors.




Our compensation committee annually reviews the performance of each named executive officer. The compensation committee makes all decisions with respect to compensation for the chief executive officer. Decisions regarding the compensation of our named executive officers other than our chief executive officer are made by our chief executive officer. According to our Compensation Committee Charter
 the compensation committee shall have primary authority and responsibility for determining the type and level of compensation of the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall have primary responsibility for determining the type and level of compensation of the other named executive officers.




In making its compensation decisions
 neither the Company nor the compensation committee retains outside compensation consultants. Instead
 the compensation committee reviews compensation data for executives of other listed companies located in China but the Company does not use this data to benchmark the compensation of its executives. The compensation committee utilizes this data to set compensation for our named executive officers at levels targeted at or around the average of the compensation amounts provided to similarly situated executives at comparable local companies considering
 for each executive
 his or her individual experience level and the responsibilities of his or her position with us. There is no pre-established policy or target for the allocation between cash and non-cash incentive compensation.




We have entered into standard employment agreements with each of our named executive officers
 including the named executive officers. The terms and conditions of each employment agreement are the result of negotiations between the executive officer and us
 and the framework and structure of the agreements are intended to comply with applicable PRC labor and employment laws.

Liang Zhang&#8217;s employment agreement has an indefinite term and provides for an annual base salary of approximately $191
421. Ning Cai&#8217;s employment agreement will end on December 17
 2014
 which is renewable upon mutual agreement
 and provides for an annual base salary of $105
282. Weiguo Zhang&#8217;s employment agreement has an indefinite term
 and his position as president and interim chief financial officer before Ning Cai provides for an annual base salary of $125
000
 and his position as president after leaving the position of interim chief financial officer provides for an annual base salary of $95
000. Xisen Mu&#8217;s employment agreement will end on August 31
 2014
 which is renewable upon mutual agreement
 and provides for an annual base salary of $133
995. Feng Zha&#8217;s employment agreement has an indefinite term and provides for an annual base salary of $74
002.


















For the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 the principal component of compensation for our executive officers was their base salary. We provide named executive officers with a base salary to compensate them for services rendered during the fiscal year. Base salary ranges for the named executive officers are determined for each executive based on his or her position and responsibility.

During its review of base salaries for executives
 the compensation committee primarily considers:




















internal review of the executive&#8217;s compensation
 both individually and relative to other executive officers; and
















Salary levels are typically considered annually as part of our performance review process
 as well as upon a change in job responsibility. Merit-based increases to salaries are based on the compensation committee&#8217;s assessment of the individual&#8217;s performance.

Weiguo Zhang and Feng Zha received cash bonuses in fiscal 2013 in the amount of $13
400 and $40
209
 respectively. The bonus amounts were determined based on their respective salary level and our overall performance in fiscal 2013.


Our named executive officers did not receive any equity-based compensation for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013.





At our 2011 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
 almost 100% of votes were cast
 on an advisory basis
 in favor of the &#8220;say-on-pay&#8221; vote on executive compensation. As such
 the compensation committee has concluded that our stockholders are satisfied with our existing compensation program. Based on this result and our ongoing review of our compensation policies
 we believe that our existing executive compensation program effectively aligns the interests of our named executive officers with the long term goals of the Company.




Our management team has reviewed our compensation policies and practices for all of our employees with our compensation committee. The compensation committee has determined
 based on this review
 that our compensation policies and practices are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our Company.




The compensation committee has reviewed and discussed with management the &#8220;Compensation Discussion and Analysis&#8221; required by Item 402(b) of Regulation S-K and
 based on such review and discussions
 has recommended to our board of directors that the foregoing &#8220;Compensation Discussion and Analysis&#8221; be included in this Annual Report.









Summary Compensation Table &#8212; Fiscal Year Ended March 31
 2013

The following table presents information regarding compensation of our named executive officers for services rendered during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011. The amounts reported in this table for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013 have been converted from Renminbi to U.S. dollars based on the March 31
 2013 conversion rate of RMB6.2689 to $1.00.






































172
279











172
279














190
649











190
649














183
027











183
027














30
354











30
354

































117
500





13
400





130
900














103
333





18
672





122
005














60
000











60
000














120
787











120
787





Vice President
 Production








133
454











133
454














74
049





40
209





114
258





Vice President
 Human Resources and Administration








73
703





56
030





129
733

















Ning Cai was appointed our chief financial officer effective as of December 18
 2012 with annual base salary of $105
282.











Weiguo Zhang is our president. He had been our interim chief financial officer from August 29
 2011 to December 18
 2012. His annual salary as president after leaving the position of interim chief financial officer was $95
000. His annual salary as president and interim chief financial officer was $125
000. The amount disclosed in the &#8220;Salary&#8221; column for the fiscal year 2013 relates to $93
750 of service as president and interim chief financial officer from April 1
 2012 to December 18
 2012
 and $23
750 of service as president from December 19
 2012 to March 31
 2013.











Messrs. Mu and Zha were not named executives officers for fiscal year 2011. Accordingly
 pursuant to SEC rules
 only their compensation for fiscal year 2013 and 2012 is reported above. In addition
 Messrs. Mu and Zha
 along with our chief executive officer
 chief financial officer and president
 are our Company&#8217;s only executive officers who earned or were paid more than $100
000 with respect to fiscal year 2013.



















Plan-Based Awards &#8212; Fiscal Year Ended March 31
 2013

None of our named executive officers received any grants of options or other stock-based awards during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013. Additionally
 none of our named executive officers held any outstanding options or other stock-based awards as of the last day of the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 nor did any of our named executive officers exercise any options or hold any other stock awards that vested during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013.




We have not entered into any arrangements with our named executive officers that provide for severance or change of control benefits. Upon a termination of employment by us
 any employee
 including our named executive officers
 is generally entitled under PRC labor law to one month&#8217;s severance pay for each full year he or she has been employed with us (with a minimum of one month&#8217;s severance pay and a maximum of 12 months&#8217; severance pay).


Director Compensation &#8212; Fiscal Year Ended March 31
 2013

The following table presents information regarding the compensation for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013 to members of our board of directors who were not also employed by us (referred to as our &#8220;non-employee directors&#8221;) during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013. None of our non-employee directors held any outstanding options or other stock-based awards as of the last day of the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013. Liang Zhang did not receive any compensation for his services as a director for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013.























44
027



44
027







40
358



40
358







40
000



40
000







44
027



44
027







44
027



44
027



















44
027



44
027























Currently
 our non-employee directors are entitled to receive an annual cash retainer for his or her services as a director as specified in the above table. In addition
 our non-employee directors are reimbursed for travel
 lodging and other reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred in attending meetings of the board and board committees. Our non-employee directors do not receive any equity-based awards or any other compensation for their service as directors.




Jinrong Chen
 Lei Lin and Min Zhang each served on the compensation committee during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013. None of these directors is or was an executive officer of our company or had any relationships requiring disclosure by us under the SEC&#8217;s rules requiring disclosure of certain relationships and related-party transactions. None of our executive officers served as a director or a member of a compensation committee (or other committee serving an equivalent function) of any other entity
 the executive officers of which served as a director or member of our compensation committee during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013.




















The following table sets forth information
 as of June 13
 2013
 regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock by:

















































The amounts and percentage of common stock beneficially owned are reported on the basis of regulations of the SEC governing the determination of beneficial ownership of securities. Under the rules of the SEC
 a person is deemed to be a &#8220;beneficial owner&#8221; of a security if that person has or shares &#8220;voting power
&#8221; which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security
 or &#8220;investment power
&#8221; which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days after June 13
 2013. Under these rules
 more than one person may be deemed a beneficial owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed a beneficial owner of securities as to which he has no economic interest. Except as indicated by footnote
 the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them.

Percentage of class is based on 57
300
713 shares of common stock outstanding as of June 13
 2013. Unless otherwise noted below
 the address of the persons listed on the table is 2275 Research Blvd.
 Suite 500
 Rockville
 Maryland 20850.




































Liang Zhang
 Director and Chief Executive Officer




36
000
000










Ning Cai
 Chief Financial Officer















Weiguo Zhang
 President




2
000










Xisen Mu
 Vice President















Feng Zha
 Vice President















Joseph Chow
 Director&#160;and Former Advisor to Chairman















Donghao Yang
 Director and Former Chief Financial Officer




1
200










David Hui Li
 Director




4
000
000










Jinrong Chen
 Director















Lei Lin
 Director















Min Zhang
 Director




















40
003
200






















Warburg Pincus Private Equity IX
 L.P.




4
000
000


































This amount includes 36
000
000 shares owned by Beams Power Investment Limited
 or Beams
 a British Virgin Islands company. In addition
 Beams had issued a senior convertible note dated April 23
 2008
 to the Warburg Pincus Entities
 as defined below
 convertible into up to 1
000
000 shares of common stock held by Beams. Liang Zhang has dispositive and voting power over investments by Beams. Liang Zhang&#8217;s wife
 Xiuqing Meng
 is the sole shareholder and director of Beams. Of the shares held by Beams
 5
967
000 shares were pledged to Warburg (as defined below) pursuant to a share pledge agreement
 dated April 23
 2008 and an additional 8
000
000 shares were pledged to Warburg on December 4
 2008
 see &#8220;Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.&#8221;











Mr. David Hui Li is a Managing Director and Member of WP LLC. All shares indicated as owned by Mr. Li are included because of his affiliation with the Warburg Pincus entities.&#160; Joseph P. Landy and Charles R. Kaye are Managing General Partners of WP and Managing Members and Co-Presidents of WP LLC and may be deemed to control the Warburg Pincus entities.&#160; Messrs. Kaye
 Landy
 and Li disclaim beneficial ownership of all shares held by the Warburg Pincus entities.&#160;











According to a Schedule 13D/A filed by Warburg Pincus Private Equity IX
 L.P.
 or Warburg
 with the SEC on September 1
 2008
 Warburg Pincus IX LLC
 or WP IX LLC
 is the sole general partner of Warburg. Warburg Pincus Partners LLC
 or WP Partners
 is the sole managing member of WP IX LLC
 and Warburg Pincus &amp; Co.
 or WP
 is the sole managing member of WP Partners. Charles R. Kaye and Joseph P. Landy are general partners of WP and managing members and co-presidents of Warburg Pincus LLC
 or WP LLC
 which manages Warburg. WP
 WP Partners
 WP IX LLC
 Warburg and WP LLC are collectively referred to as the &#8220;Warburg Pincus Entities.&#8221; Messrs. Kaye and Landy may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own the shares held by Warburg because of their affiliation with the Warburg Pincus Entities. Messrs. Kaye and Landy disclaim beneficial ownership of the shares held by Warburg except to the extent of their pecuniary interest therein. The address of the Warburg Pincus Entities is 466 Lexington Avenue
 New York
 New York
 10017. This amount represents the shares of common stock held directly by the Warburg Pincus Entities. In addition
 there are 1
000
000 shares of common stock issuable to the Warburg Pincus Entities pursuant to the senior convertible note
 dated April 23
 2008
 issued by Beams Power Investment Limited.





















We currently have a 2008 Stock Incentive Plan which has been approved by our shareholders. The plan will terminate on June 10
 2018. To date
 we have not issued any awards under the Plan.

The following table sets forth the number of common stocks remaining available for future issuance under the plan as of March 31
 2013.











Number of Common Stocks to Be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options
 Warrants





Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options
 Warrants and Rights



























12
500
000











































12
500
000




















ITEM 13.&#160;&#160;CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE



Our chairman
 chief executive officer and principal stockholder
 Liang Zhang
 and his immediate family
 controls several other companies in China.

In the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 the Company&#8217;s sales to related parties mainly included whey protein to Honnete
 powdered formula products to St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service
 and feed grade milk powder and whey protein to Ao Naier. In the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 the Company&#8217;s services for related parties consist of office spaces rented to Honnete
 Ao Naier and St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service. The following table sets forth the value of our sales to our related parties for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013 and 2012:








Year Ended March 31
























Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.














1
242




St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co.
 Ltd.




2
470





9
861




Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co.
 Ltd.















Qingdao Lvyin Waste Disposal Investment Management Co.
 Ltd.






















3
538







11
797





Sales of powdered formula products&#160;from independent distributors&#160;to St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service were nil and $7.5 million for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 which were not included in the above transaction amount.

In the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013
 major purchases included (i) the Company purchased Lactose from Honnete
 and (ii) St. Angel Cultural Communication&#160;implemented certain marketing activities for the Company. In the fiscal year ended March 31
 2012
 the Company&#8217;s purchases from related parties mainly included catalogues
 brochures
 and marketing materials from St. Angel Cultural Communication. The following table sets forth the value of our purchases from our related parties for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013 and 2012:








Year Ended March 31
























Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.






4
674












Beijing Kelqin Dairy Co.
 Ltd.






































5
262














We had indebtedness from related parties controlled by Liang Zhang. The following table sets forth the amount of indebtedness principal outstanding during the fiscal years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012:







Year Ended March 31


























2
860







3
860















1
000











2
860







2
860





As of June 13
 2013
 the principal of long term loan from related parties is $2.9 million. The interest expense of related party loans for the year ended March 31
 2013 and 2012 were $286
000 and $336
000
 respectively. The interest rate for the loan outstanding at March 31
 2013 was 10.0%. The interest accrued at March 31
 2013 was $1.6 million.




















On June 15
 2007
 we issued 4
000
000 shares of common stock to Warburg for $66.0 million and entered into a registration rights agreement with Warburg. Pursuant to this registration rights agreement
 we granted Warburg certain customary registration rights
 including demand
 piggyback and Form S-3 registration rights. David Li
 who is one of our directors
 is a managing director of Warburg. Subject to the provisions of the registration rights agreement and the restrictions of its lock-up agreement
 Warburg will be entitled to require us to register the resale of its shares under the Securities Act.

On April 23
 2008
 Beams Power Investment Limited
 or Beams
 a British Virgin Islands limited liability company and our majority stockholder
 and Warburg entered into a note purchase agreement. Pursuant to this note purchase agreement
 Beams issued Warburg a senior convertible note in an aggregate principal amount of $30 million
 which is convertible into up to 1
000
000 shares of our common stock held by Beams. In addition
 Beams and Warburg entered into a share pledge agreement
 dated April 23
 2008
 pursuant to which Beams agreed to pledge an aggregate of 5
967
000 of shares of our common stock held by Beams as initial collateral for the loan covered by the note. On December 4
 2008
 Beams agreed to pledge an additional 8
000
000 shares of our common stock held by Beams as collateral for the loan covered by the note.

In connection with the issuance of the note and the share pledge agreement
 we entered into a registration rights agreement
 dated April 23
 2008
 with Beams and Warburg
 pursuant to which we granted Warburg certain customary registration rights
 including demand
 piggyback and Form S-3 registration rights
 with respect to the shares of our common stock Warburg acquires or may acquire pursuant to the note purchase agreement
 the note and the share pledge agreement.





In order to comply with PRC law and avoid restrictions on foreign investment in medical clinical operations
 we operate our medical treatment services (mostly pre-natal diagnostics services) through four entities -- Nanjing Shengyuan Huiren Clinical Examination Co.
 Ltd.
 Taiyuan Shengyuan Huiren Clinical Examination Co.
 Ltd
 Shijiazhuang Shengyuan Huiren Clinical Examination Co.
 Ltd and Heilongjiang Shengyuan Huiren Clinical Examination Co.
 Ltd (the &#8220;Four Entities&#8221;) that are not directly owned by us. We control and consolidate these entities into our group consolidated results through a series of contractual arrangements which are summarized below.

&#160;(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Exclusive Consulting and Service Agreement entered into by and between Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Nutritional&#8221;) and Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Huimin&#8221;). Pursuant to this agreement
 Nutritional agrees to provide to Huimin certain consulting services for which Huimin shall pay Nutritional a service fee in an amount equal to 10%-50% of Huimin&#8217;s monthly net sale
 the exact percentage to be determined by the two parties. The term of the agreement is 10 years unless Nutritional terminates it before its expiration and Nutritional shall have the right to extend the Agreement before it expires.

(b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Business Operating Agreement entered into by and among Nutritional
 Huimin
 Jibin Zhang (who is our Director of Treasury) and Yunpeng Jiang (who is our Director of Strategic Acquisitions). Pursuant to this agreement
 Huimin agrees to conduct its business in a way that is consistent with Nutritional&#8217;s direction. In addition
 Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang authorize Nutritional to exercise all of their respective shareholders&#8217; rights in Huimin.

(c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Call Option Agreement entered into by and among Nutritional
 Huimin
 Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang. Pursuant to this agreement
 within a ten-year period and any extended period as requested by Nutritional
 Nutritional is entitled to an irrevocable and exclusive right to purchase or authorize any third party to purchase the shares of Huimin held by Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang at the lowest feasible price according to PRC laws and regulations. In addition
 Nutritional is entitled to call part or all of the option right at any time during the effective period of this agreement and there is no limit on the number of calls until Nutritional hold 100% of Huimin&#8217;s shares.

(d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Pledge Agreement entered into by and among Nutritional
 Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang. To ensure the performance of the Exclusive Consulting and Service Agreement
 Call Option Agreement and Business Operating Agreement
 Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang
 as pledgers under this agreement
 pledge all of their shares and corresponding interests and rights in Huimin to Nutritional
 as pledgee under this agreement.

(e)&#160;&#160;&#160;Entrustment Agreement entered into by and among Nutritional
 Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang. Pursuant to this agreement
 Nutritional loans Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang each RMB15
000
000 to establish companies for pre-natal diagnostic services in China. Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang are the nominal shareholders of these companies and Nutritional is the actual shareholder of these companies.

(f)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Entrustment Agreement entered into by and among Nutritional
 Jibin Zhang
 Yunpeng Jiang and Honnete. Nutritional agrees to entrust Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang arty A) to establish a limited liability company (the &#8220;future company&#8221;) and Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang will hold all of the shares of the future company in entrustment. Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang have established Nanjing Huiren
 Taiyuan Huiren
 Shijiazhuang Huiren and Haerbin Huiren (the &#8220;established companies&#8221;). Upon the fulfillment of the registration of the said future company
 Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang will transfer their shares in the established companies to the future company for free. Upon approval from Nutritional
 Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang will entrust Honnete to hold the shares of the established companies.


In August and September 2010
 shares of Nanjing Shengyuan Huiren Clinical Examination Co.
 Ltd.
 Taiyuan Shengyuan Huiren Clinical Examination Co.
 Ltd.
 and Shijiazhuang Shengyuan Huiren Clinical Examination Co.
 Ltd. were transferred to our subsidiary
 Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd.


In January and May 2013
 we sold all the outstanding shares of Nanjing Shengyuan Huiren Clinical Examination Co.
 Ltd.
 Taiyuan Shengyuan Huiren Clinical Examination Co.
 Ltd.
 and Shijiazhuang Shengyuan Huiren Clinical Examination Co.
 Ltd. to third parties.
















Review
 Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Parties

According to the audit committee charter
 the audit committee must approve any new class of transactions involving the Company in which any of our directors
 director nominees
 executive officers
 greater than five percent beneficial owners and their respective immediate family members has a direct or indirect material interest. In doing so
 the Board takes into account
 among other factors it deems appropriate:
























































Whether the transaction with the related person is proposed to be
 or was
 entered into on terms no less favorable to us than terms that could have been reached with an unrelated third party;











The purpose of
 and the potential benefits to us of
 the transaction; and


















The Board has determined all Board members
 excluding Liang Zhang
 Joseph Chow and Donghao Yang
 are independent under the applicable NASDAQ rules. The Board has also determined the members of compensation committee and nominating committee of the Board are independent
 and the members of the audit committee
 except Donghao Yang
 are independent under the listing standards of the NASDAQ Global Select Market. See Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance &#8211; Board Committees &#8211; Audit Committee. In making these determinations
 the Board considered
 among other things
 the types and amounts of the commercial dealings between the Company and the companies and organizations with which the directors are affiliated.



















We have engaged Deloitte Certified Public Accountants LLP (&#8220;LLP&#8221;)
 which was formerly known as Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu CPA Ltd.
 as our independent auditors. The engagement was approved by the audit committee of our Board of Directors. No relationship existed in any manner between LLP and us prior to the date we engaged LLP.



LLP was paid aggregate fees of approximately $1
080
000 and $994
811 for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements included in Form 10-K and for the reviews of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012.



LLP was paid no fees for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 for audit related service.



LLP was paid no fees for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012
 for tax related service.



LLP was paid no other fees for any other services rendered to us for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2013 and 2012.



Our audit committee&#8217;s policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent auditors. These services may include audit services
 audit-related services
 tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services. The independent auditor and management are required to periodically report to the audit committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent auditor in accordance with this pre-approval.
























2. See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Report
 and the Consolidated Financial Schedules listed on such index filed as part of this Report are filed as part of this Report.




















Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.










SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.















June 13
 2013




































Each person whose signature appears below appoints each of Liang Zhang and&#160;Ning Cai
 severally and not jointly
 to be his or her&#160;true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent
 with full power of substitution and resubstitution
 for him or her&#160;and in his or her&#160;name
 place and stead
 in any and all capacities
 to sign any amendments to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2013; granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent
 full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done
 as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person
 hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent
 or his or her substitute or substitutes
 shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
































Chief Executive Officer
 and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer)



June 13
 2013





















June 13
 2013




















June 13
 2013




















June 13
 2013




















June 13
 2013




















June 13
 2013




















June 13
 2013




















June 13
 2013






































Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Synutra International
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 11
 2008)











Amended and Restated Bylaws of Synutra International
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 11
 2008)











Specimen common stock certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 16
 2008)











Employment Agreement between Shengyuan Nutritional Food and Liang Zhang
 dated December 21
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 9
 2010)











Employment Agreement between Shengyuan Nutritional and Weiguo Zhang
 dated June 4
 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 9
 2010)











Employment Agreement between Sheng Yuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 Beijing R&amp;D Center and Xisen Mu
 dated September 1
 2011(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 14
 2012)











Employment Agreement between Sheng Yuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 Beijing R&amp;D Center and Feng Zha
 dated February 29
 2012(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 14
 2012)











Employment Agreement between Sheng Yuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 Beijing R&amp;D Center and Ning Cai
 dated December 18
 2012











Warrant Agreement among Beams Power Investment Limited
 Synutra International
 Inc.
 the Bank of New York as Warrant Agent
 and ABN AMRO N.V.
 Hong Kong Branch
 dated April 19
 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 24
 2007)











Registration Rights Agreement between Synutra International
 Inc. and ABN AMRO N.V.
 Hong Kong Branch
 dated April 19
 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 24
 2007)











Common Stock Purchase Agreement between Synutra International
 Inc. and Warburg Pincus Private Equity IX
 L.P. 
 dated May 24
 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on June 1
 2007)











Registration Rights Agreement between Synutra International
 Inc. and Warburg Pincus Private Equity IX
 L.P.
 dated June 15
 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on June 1
 2007)











Voting and Co-Sale Agreement among Synutra International
 Inc.
 Beams Power Investment Limited
 and Warburg Pincus Private Equity IX
 L.P.
 dated June 15
 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on June 1
 2007)











Registration Rights Agreement among Synutra International
 Inc.
 Beams Power Investment Limited and Warburg Pincus Private Equity IX
 L.P.
 dated April 23
 2008
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 24
 2008)











Synutra International
 Inc. 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 17
 2008)





































Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under Synutra International
 Inc. 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16A to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 15
 2009)











Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under Synutra International
 Inc.
 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16B to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 15
 2009)











Exclusive Consulting and Service Agreement entered into by and between Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd. and Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd. dated July 20
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 9
 2010)











Business Operating Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd. and Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang dated July 20
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 9
 2010)











Equity Disposal&#160;Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd. and Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang dated July 20
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 9
 2010)











Share Pledge Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd. and Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang dated July 20
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 9
 2010)











Entrustment Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd. and Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang dated July 20
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 9
 2010)











Entrustment Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang and Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd. dated July 20
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 9
 2010)











Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of September 9
 2009 among Heilongjiang Baoquanling Shengyuan Dairy Co.
 Ltd.
 Heilongjiang Baoquanling Shengyuan Dairy Cow Breeding Co.
 Ltd. and Heilongjiang Wondersun Dairy Co.
 Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 from the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15
 2009)











Code of Ethics for Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14. 1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June 16
 2008)



































Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a)
 promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended











Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a)
 promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended











Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Executive Officer)











Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Financial Officer)











Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i)&#160;the Consolidated Balance Sheets&#8212;March 31
 2013 and 2012
 (ii)&#160;the Consolidated Statements of Operations&#8212;Year Ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 (iii)&#160;the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income(Loss)&#8212;Year Ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 (iv)&#160;the Consolidated Statements of Equity&#8212;Year Ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows&#8212;Year Ended March 31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 and (vi)&#160;Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


























    



































Name: Sheng Yuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 Beijing R&amp;D Center













Address: No. 106
 Dongluyuan
 Tongzhou District
 Beijing




























































































Name: Sheng Yuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 Beijing R&amp;D Center



























Address: No. 106
 Dongluyuan
 Tongzhou District
 Beijing











































































































 and related regulations currently in effect
 Party A and Party B hereby enter into this Agreement for joint observance in good faith.





&#160;below
 as agreed by the Parties.








December 18
December 17


 the probationary period shall commence on&#160;__________ and expire on&#160;__________

























Contracts without a fixed term: The term of this Agreement shall commence on __________
 among which
 the probationary period shall expire on __________

















If
 as verified by Party A in its appraisal conducted pursuant to its criteria
 Party B is incompetent for the position (type of work)
 Party A may change Party B&#8217;s position (type of work).





























Party A shall
 on the principle of distribution according to work
 pursuant to the requirements of the state
 province and municipality in light of its actual condition
 independently formulate its own post salary distribution system and determine the form and standard of salary payment to Party B.



Party A shall pay Party B salary on a monthly basis. For the normal labor service provided by Party B to Party A within the statutory working hours
 Party A shall
 day of each month

000



When using piecework wage system
 the wage is determined by piece of work finished
 on the premise that the minimum wage requirement of relevant regulations is met.



During the performance of this Agreement
 Party A may adjust Party B&#8217;s remuneration appropriately
 depending on Party A&#8217;s operating condition and Party B&#8217;s performance.





Party A shall make contributions to social insurance pursuant to the regulations of the state
 province and municipality and the social insurance contribution payable by Party B shall be withheld and paid by Party A on behalf of Party B.



If Party B suffers from an illness or non-work-related injury
 the matters relating to medical benefits and sick pay shall be handled in accordance with the regulations of the state
 province
 and municipality. Party A will make sick pay to Party B according to 



If Party B suffers from an occupational disease or work-related injury
 the matters relating to medical benefits and sick pay shall be handled in accordance with the regulations of the state
 province
 and municipality.



The benefits to which a female employee is entitled in her pregnancy
 confinement
 nursing or birth control surgery period shall be determined in accordance with the regulations of the state
 province and municipality.

















V. Amendment
 Rescission
 Termination and Renewal of the Employment Agreement



Amendment
 rescission
 termination and renewal of the employment agreement should follow 



After termination of the employment agreement
 Party A should help Party B to handle social security transferring and record transferring according to applicable laws and regulations.







VI. Labor Protection
 Working Conditions and Occupational Disease Protection



Party A must provide Party B with labor safety and sanitary conditions consistent with the requirements of the state
 province and municipality and necessary labor protection articles
 establish and perfect labor safety and sanitation system and procedures for safe operation and production.











Party A must take special labor protection measures for female employees and underage workers pursuant to the regulations of the state
 province and municipality.



The Parties shall strictly comply with the industrial accident and occupational disease reporting system adopted by the state
 province and municipality.
















VII. Working Hours
 Break and Vacations



 working hour system. If under standard working hour system
 Party B will work a maximum of eight hours a day and on average a maximum of forty hours a week.









(1) Due to natural disaster
 accident or other reasons
 public safety and nation&#8217;s interest are endangered.







Party A shall ensure Party B&#8217;s right to rest pursuant to the regulations of the state
 province and municipality and during the term of this Agreement
 Party B shall be entitled to statutory holidays and matrimonial leave
 maternity leave
 vacation leave as set forth by the state
 province and municipality.





Party A shall
 in accordance with the labor laws
 regulations
 rules and relevant policies of the state and in light of its actual condition
 formulate and perfect rules
 regulations and labor disciplines. Party B shall strictly comply with the rules and regulations and labor discipline of Party A
 that are formulated in accordance with law
 submit to the management of Party A and treat as confidential the trade secret of Party A.



If Party B breaches any of the rules and regulations and labor discipline of Party A
 Party A may
 pursuant to its rules and regulations
 render disciplinary punishment or
 if necessary
 rescind this Agreement.





If Party A pays for Party B&#8217;s training courses
 both parties should sign a training agreement as the exhibit of this employment agreement
 with specified term of training and liabilities for breach of contract. If Party B resigns before the end of the specified term
 Party B should pay Party A for compensation.


















Both parties can sign separate agreement with regard to trade secret and intellectual property
 as appendix to this agreement. Party B should pay Party A for damage in violation of the Confidentiality Agreement.



If Party B rescinds this Agreement in violation of relevant provisions or the covenant in this Agreement
 it shall pay Party A for compensation of the violation.





If any dispute arises in connection with the performance of this Agreement
 either Party may apply to Party A&#8217;s labor dispute mediation committee for mediation. If the dispute can not be resolved through mediation
 the Parties shall apply for arbitration to the labor dispute arbitration committee where Party A is located.





Position Description
 Employee Manual
 Confidential Agreement
 and commitment to Code of Conduct



This Agreement shall be filled out with fountain pen or writing brush. If altered unilaterally or signed by a person not duly authorized
 this Agreement shall be void and null.



This Agreement is executed in two counterparts which are of the same force and effect
 with each Party holding one counterpart. This Agreement shall take effect on the date on which the Parties affix their signatures thereto.




























Party A /seal/: Sheng Yuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 Beijing R&amp;D Center










































Date: December 18
 2012























    





Subsidiaries of Synutra International
 Inc.














Synutra
 Inc.







Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.







Zhangjiakou Chahaer Dairy Co.
 Ltd.







Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd.







Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.







Inner Mongolia Mengyuan Food Co.
 Ltd.







Beijing Shengyuan Huiliduo Food Technology Co.
 Ltd.







Heilongjiang Longshan Dairy Co.
 Ltd.































Global Food Trading (Shanghai) Co.
 Ltd.




















Variable Interest Entity (VIE) and its subsidiaries of Synutra International
 Inc.















Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd.







Nanjing Shengyuan Huiren Clinical Examination Co.
 Ltd.(Disposed in May 2013)







Heilongjiang Shengyuan Huiren Clinical Examination Co.
 Ltd.


























    







I
 Liang Zhang
 certify that:








I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Synutra International
 Inc.;











Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;











Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;
























Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;












Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;












Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and












Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and











The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):












All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and












Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.








Date: June 13
 2013



















































    













I
 Ning Cai
 certify that:











I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Synutra International
 Inc.;











Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;











Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;
























Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;












Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;












Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and












Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and











The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):












All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and












Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.








Date: June 13
 2013




















































    





SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.



Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 the undersigned
 Liang Zhang
 Chief Executive Officer of Synutra International
 Inc. (the &#8220;Registrant&#8221;)
 hereby certifies
 to his knowledge
 that the Registrant&#8217;s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31
 2013 (the &#8220;Report&#8221;) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.






Date: June 13
 2013




































The foregoing certification is being furnished with the Registrant&#8217;s Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and it is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant
 whether made before or after the date hereof
 regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.



















    





SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.



Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 the undersigned
 Ning Cai
 Chief Financial Officer of Synutra International
 Inc. (the &#8220;Registrant&#8221;)
 hereby certifies
 to her knowledge
 that the Registrant&#8217;s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31
 2013 (the &#8220;Report&#8221;) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.





Date: June 13
 2013





































The foregoing certification is being furnished with the Registrant&#8217;s Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and it is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant
 whether made before or after the date hereof
 regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.

















begin 644 p4.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!``$`8`!@``#__@`?3$5!1!496-H;F]L;V=I97,@26YC
M+B!6,2XP,0#_VP$``(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(
M`@(`@
#`@(#`@(`P0#`P,#!`0$`@,$!`0$!`,$!`,!`@(`@(`@(`@

#`@0#!04$!````7T!`@
`
M!!$%$B$Q008346$'(G$4
+CY.7FY^CIZO'R\_3U]O?X^?H1``(!`@0$`P0'!00$``$=P`!`@
1
M!`4A
08205$'87$3(C*!!1D:&QP0DC


MAXB)BI*3E)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q
7&Q\C)RM+3U-76
MU]C9VN+CY.7FY^CIZO+S]/7V]_CY^O_``!$(`3(#R0
!$0`$0$#$0'_V@`,
M`P$``A$#$0`_`/W\H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`
M*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@
M#P'X@^
)M%-NTA\3332332S@BW151<EB`-_LW]J?_H<O@!_X;3XB_\`SV*`#^S?
MVI_^AR^`'_AM/B+_`//8H`/[-_:G_PAR^`'_AM/B+_\]B@`_LW]J?\`Z'+X
M`?\`AM/B+_\`/8H`/[-_:G_Z'+X`?^&T^(O_`


M`#^S?VI_^AR^`'_AM/B+_P#/8H`/[-_:G_Z'+X`?^&T^(O\`\]B@`_LW]J?_

M]B@`_LW]J?\`Z'+X`?\`AM/B+_\`/8H`/[-_:G_Z'+X`?^&T^(O_`
]B@`_L

M^`'_`(;3XB__`#V*`#^S?VI_^AR^`'_AM/B+_P#/8H`/[-_:G_Z'+X`?^&T^

M?^&T^(O_`

M_/8H`/[-_:G_`.AR^`'_`(;3XB__`#V*`#^S?VI_^AR^`'_AM/B+_P#/8H`Q

MX;O6/'.KVT\)F^'HLI(&M58KJ9D613#AP#Z9H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*
M`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`
MH`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`

MH/BA\7/AMX
\

M[M=*M;:6`W
BW/-0Q$*6;.EBYQH8=X.4\$JL)OXK'PK0G/XN5%PQC+PE


M[^Z^S`7\_HU*-2


-/#4*E:6$S%

OAO\`&'0M







;B'S4

M5Q=&56_)^U)/%\9/CA\-H?A7XVU'1/@9\.M)\::[XAT^;P5!-JE[J%GKFKBP
Y]BG*A@\CQ<L
M-42CS22P]*G7Q=1J

MC.:.(K1O:
&E.G1PZ@VTX_[5&O@ZSJ17^T5

50H^C:/\5-*^./[.S_`!8^%GB/Q-X2
E6C&O@L$LPHR@KTZU-X58VC&<:M.-2-*O3E-6/+
M1Q$8RE&


PHX64.:G+&U
!57
^.%T;4?#/AKX46

MP.7YAA\KI4G2J4L@_MN=23;]O0H8&CF&9U&W-PC+!QQ-*$*4:=%U:
Z$:2Q6
M(CB9KRLJEB
9AZV
J5(QI_VQ')XPC%VI5*V

M)E



MB#XA:[J7A_P)JD'A3PI:Z;XMNK+P7IOCFTOM#?5O'5E/=:!J.EZB8(-7-NEC




MI$%_G=6N80CE6.6#QE6%&G['!U_K7O+#\N83PD

2X?VJ+?5/C9\

M.SOHR:#):6?B;Q/I-S+$3J+)?'[.\T4UW816\-P!J
NE.=&KAL7Q7A


:HR6DT-M-=7DT4.$JN'PV#RRK6Q,?JV'X;RW.<QS
M-0K+#T\).EA<-5S?%T8TG6P_U[%5)XE8#4


,M*URYURVU'2=#LM0UTEFL+=D&JW5_)'
MA@D@#$5S97^_R7-J]=*6*P'$&(P%.K\,OJWU#8R-.48M4FZ53$SIPFJ:FZ4

SRBOBZD-X^UI8Y82$XN2=2//3@ZDXN7+[2K-


0W7P-;*\W





MC2J4XS5Z

MC



MQ5;V
??J`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`/G_`.
G_)1?V3O^S@/$?_K+
M/[2U`'T!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4
M`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!
M0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`
&=3.JVEM:3V]I)9:[8QJNI7)NXKU?)C@Y_93YL9&3IU\-C886E.C6I.I&G3
MH+'NLZ-JD.2KBI8K#PJN:J4)8?#3IU<-6K5,)B<OMRC;.//1JX26)FITI\C
MJ2K_`%14XU4XR4J=!4*TX*/)65:M&5.O2I1Q-#&?'OA+]F/P#I7C3X/?#&#P




MU^




)-*^
6

:X=8T:\TN\3XAZ2;70+\-MN-
DBFNEEB
6O+L7[OM<EQ.25ZE+W.:CB\:L;6KT83]I[*JIQCFJ
MDJ\(PYN93E*


[Z(K6EP9H(#_`&OY0DBEXL5E]'$9'Q1P

ML\)$5*I/$QCB%*LX3IR6'CV9?..79IB\P@IUHULQQ.8T85)04X5:]5XF,:U
M2G2AM&.)DY3]E0PWM*+]E%4I_OCYXT#]A+XC^&/`?[/?@C2OCQX);_AG37?


MDZGI4FF7'CB].A:W%8:M((=5%UJ$`EB$CZ8ZMY:[XR=/'9C/'8FF_98GA^KD



HUS?66HNMM'9\N94Y9KEN$R_$3]A*EB
IQ

MC

MVOXL_LU^//B

OP-#
M


MC5Q^(Q&5UO=I8/$QP]7%83

M

_QMT_3/&5Q\*=3FT2Z\'?'
MJ^?Q=H=YX+'Q81_[9M-4OA=Z?JZ:VJ1+:Q07%A=`R/+P8CT*^7O*7[2GEV
)
M9M;T_P)_AJWCUZ465H]O&NE_9K=S<%XIXY8X[:L;1CC<TSS
I6HQSBAD^#C
M0IW4
+@\CQU/




M]5L3-?RSQ:7!B_7R85@])XZM_;F.SV

OM#N].
MO]=;4O\`B72WUM:S)+IEO?7UBEIJO)@_]D4\)32^JXWBIF];VS;I+#SP=3



)\




MUJ=M:0PW^K?V7:
$IUZ.%PU+%8CZWB:5*GK7]G

M%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0
M`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%
M`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`?/^H_


(GTA;ZTO'M+[4!;O:R7\

9PG1QE2$%3=;+'G&(AF5/VU2E*%2%&C6HXBM&'/+#J
MG3Q4HQCAW.%XB

CQ[IU(RDIPPDZU7ZO0IUJ

*UB&W0?
Z5X_^+D]MXT1O$?[0]UJWA[1_%ECX7M[C]G^WTC3_$?A
M_3/$.KV]Q\1[V\U/X*6
5Y\3K725`T;PQI]Q8VNJ_8])FCT#5(K^ZE$J3EAX

H8B=*/M*M'**.'H86K

MCB
^Q6)I8AT


7XF6&H3K?V=B<1]5E3K
MQISE5PQ+Y


?'-\+2Q6(
MHJAB

MMO'PM8E^-_AG2_AW97WP[NK;X:




M.FQ^+/\`BG]
TW]F22W\-ZC;6J:IH



M3]EZYM=&N+?]G7Q5J_B?1/%^CZQ\
K*/3-2TV3P?)=V46I1VUY'+X
BM-)N9


MT
'B:
JDZBEB




H\.?





+&BYN6&GA*3Q&6PG5HT'*5
M7#X+'599SBJ

O&7QSOY9?#N@)\=O#WAWPKX
M&^%6H:'X=UKX5)X3\R+1(--\

M%P])5(-K






MKQAXO'BU=9^$_BWP=9V]C:^*)O#]MX?N?#%C^SYKVI^&=%@\.6EAK&EZKXH\

MX;#5\+F


MD\#.$/WM;$1QF5UL3'$5H865'#5
-@Y8G%Y9*.+^O??M0:!0`4`%`!0`4`%`
M!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`?/_`

M:@#Z`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@
M`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*

T_#K_H8_V@/_$L?VI__GR4`'_#-/PZ_PA
MC_:`_P#$L?VI_P#Y\E`!_P`,T_#K_H8_V@/_`!+']J?_`.?)0`?\,T_#K_H8
M_P!H#_Q+']J?_P?)0`?\
T_#K_H8_V@/_$L?VI__GR4`'_#-/PZ_PAC_:`
M_P#$L?VI_P#Y\E`!_P`,T_#K_H8_V@/_`!+']J?_`.?)0`?\,T_#K_H8_P!H
M#_Q+']J?_P?)0`?\
T_#K_H8_V@/_$L?VI__GR4`'_#-/PZ_PAC_:`_P#$
ML?VI_P#Y\E`!_P`,T_#K_H8_V@/_`!+']J?_`.?)0`?\,T_#K_H8_P!H#_Q+
M']J?_P?)0`?\
T_#K_H8_V@/_$L?VI__GR4`'_#-/PZ_PAC_:`_P#$L?VI
M_P#Y\E`!_P`,T_#K_H8_V@/_`!+']J?_`.?)0`?\,T_#K_H8_P!H#_Q+']J?
M_P?)0`?\





M`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!
M0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`



M7]D[_LX#Q'_ZRS^TM0!]`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`
M!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4
M`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0!GZM_R


-=?\`SWZ`#_A_P!H[_HN_@#_`,,-=?\`SWZ`
M#_A_P!H[_HN_@#_`

-=?\`SWZ`#_A_P!H[_HN_@#_`,,-=?\`SWZ`#_A
M_P!H[_HN_@#_`

-=?\`SWZ`#_A_P!H[_HN_@#_`,,-=?\`SWZ`#_A_P!H
M[_HN_@#_`

-=?\`SWZ`#_A_P!H[_HN_@#_`,,-=?\`SWZ`#_A_P!H[_HN
M_@#_`

-=?\`SWZ`#_A_P!H[_HN_@#_`,,-=?\`SWZ`#_A_P!H[_HN_@#_
M`

-=?\`SWZ`#_A_P!H[_HN_@#_`,,-=?\`SWZ`#_A_P!H[_HN_@#_`

-
M=?\`SWZ`#_A_P!H[_HN_@#_`,,-=?\`SWZ`#_A_P!H[_HN_@#_`

-=?\`
MSWZ`#_A_P!H[_HN_@#_`,,-=?\`SWZ`/O&?C#]I7PG\=O@I\&H_BQ\.KR#

MCO\`HN_@#_PPUU_\]^@`_P$+_:._PB[^`/_##77_SWZ`#_`(0O]H[_`*+O
MX`_\
-=?_/?H`/\`A_VCO\`HN_@#_PPUU_\]^@`_P$+_:._PB[^`/_##7
M7_SWZ`#_`(0O]H[_`*+OX`_\,-=?_/?H`/\`A_VCO\`HN_@#_PPUU_\]^@`
M_P$+_:._PB[^`/_##77_SWZ`#_`(0O]H[_`*+OX`_\
-=?_/?H`/\`A_V
MCO\`HN_@#_PPUU_\]^@`_P$+_:._PB[^`/_##77_SWZ`#_`(0O]H[_`*+O
MX`_\,-=?_/?H`/\`A_VCO\`HN_@#_PPUU_\]^@`_P$+_:._PB[^`/_##7


.E^/M5N/)CLPSS6]O\`O%56#@;?(^BJ`@`H`*`@`H
M`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`
M*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`S]6_P05J?_`&#[W_TFDH`\?_9D_P3;?V?/^R(

MH`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`^'_`(P_\GQ?L9_]B=^TG_ZB
M_A6@#[@H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H
M`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
_5O^05J?_8/O?\`TFDH`\?_`&9/^3;?V?/^R(?
M?_U`]`H`]PH`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@#,UK6--\.Z-JWB#6;D66D:%
MIE_K&JWABFF%IINF6LM[?7)AMHY)91%:P2OLBC=VV8568@$`\R_X7AX+_P@









M_0`?\-I?LY_]#?XH_P##1?&7_P=_0`?\-I?LY_]#?XH_P##1?&7_P=_0`?
M\-I?LY_]#?XH_P##1?&7_P=_0`?\-I?LY_]#?XH_P##1?&7_P=_0`?\-I?
MLY_]#?XH_P##1?&7_P=_0`?\-I?LY_]#?XH_P##1?&7_P=_0`?\-I?LY_]
M#?XH_P##1?&7_P=_0`?\-I?LY_]#?XH_P##1?&7_P=_0`?\-I?LY_]#?XH
M_P##1?&7_P=_0`?\-I?LY_]#?XH_P##1?&7_P=_0!?TO\`:_\`@)K6IV6B




M_P`[2@`_X7AX+_Z`OQ@_\1[^/O\`\[2@`_X7AX+_`.@+\8/_`!'OX^__`#M*

M%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0

M



MY0*9'W`'I?\`PK3PY_T$OB!_X=GXJ?\`S94`'_M/#G_`$$OB!_X=GXJ?_-E
M0`?\*T\.?]!+X@?^'9^*G_S94`'_``K3PY_T$OB!_P'9^*G_P`V5`!_PK3P
MY_T$OB!_X=GXJ?\`S94`'_M/#G_`$$OB!_X=GXJ?_-E0`?\*T\.?]!+X@?^
M'9^*G_S94`'_``K3PY_T$OB!_P'9^*G_P`V5`!_PK3PY_T$OB!_X=GXJ?\`





9B
/A:
M2L[.OBJT*%&


MBS56/+C)4XU*GU%4_:1I4JE2I.I5G2IPH8:E3A*IC







M)?$#_P`.S\5/_FRH`/\`A6GAS_H)?$#_`
.S\5/_`)LJ`#_A6GAS_H)?$#_P






MLY^PP472?L



MJXETFTZ:-*4J4?:KZOB8XG

1;$5*M.A33PT*
J]:
ME['$5\/]8Q.&X77AS.5#][A983!5J%5*454Q&-H*M##-N/L4X/VGM/8UZ^*I

7&2=W*=/&Y
M?A/9.%HJ













G[U%TE^[E[6E456/\2*IN7-22ES4O9UE
+^OYG]=TJ5)RJ2JP;HU%B*F.H
M2@W?9C7=1XK'T.=SO6Q3K574I5_;8*'-'ZOA:'L</[+?^+'P-\)?&'PYX@\
M
^*+W6(+/7=.T;25ELX?#6H?V-8:/K=GX@:WTO2_%?AS6=(ECU#4=.T]KY=2
MTW4%G_LVP8!)-.LY+50CR8BABN:;JT

I.GAZV&I4O:4)4JM)45B

M0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`&?JW_

G_`;;^SY_V1#X3_\`J!Z!0![A0`4`%`!0`4`%
M`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`'E_QN_P2+_%W_LF'C[_U%-6H`]0H`XSQ+X.;Q'KO@C6Q
MXG\1:&/!&N7FO1Z3H\?AEM
\13WFBZCH#6GB!M:\.:A?+91Z?JVHA!I-[I4N
M^Z+/*_EQB

M?.\00_:H/LFN6W]F:=]@6%BL(LOBDJRP%'ZM)54I?6\-#ZHL-AL5RJ/-2POU

&K8:IA\;F5+&^OVMO'9VMM:1-*T5K!#;QM/-)<3-'!&L2--/,S232E5!:1
MV9F.2Q))-;5JLJU6K6FHQG5G*<E
813DW)J




S9TZH[.AR5S0&WE8[?\`X7[_`-45_:`_\-Q_
M]^:`#_A?O_5%?V@/_#<?_?F@`_X7[_U17]H#_P`-Q_\`?F@`_P%^_\`5%?V
M@/\`PW'_`-^:`#_A?O\`U17]H#_PW'_WYH`/^%^_]45_:`_\-Q_]^:`-CPE\



[D8``]+_X6S\*_P#HI?P__P#R\.?
M_+*@`_X6S\*_^BE_#_\`\++PY_\`+*@`_P%L_O_HI?P_\`_R\.?\`RRH`


KV+PQJ/PZ








M4F@DB=T=&!5E8@@@T`6/^&8OA#_SZ?$#_P`/7\:__GA4`'_#


MJZ@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@#R_0?^2N
M?$C_`+$_X7_^EWQ&H`]0H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`/'_`(E_\CI^SW_V





MO$_@B35;73O!7ACQDL'A3PQXW\&




M'@+Q7J

7Q!\8WD/B'6O&]A+JRZ)X%T;P5\&_%?B35X++2-.URYN9[K1+.2!



46KZ=87

!6QD/94W5G+

MX5





MJ_V62WUWQ%IUJU]I-[#I$OB-;:91V9SAY8*KFV5T\6Z.+P^#SCV6)I4X.

9
MEE/.*DE%8I0ISA*AE?MJ/+#$5W6J3A6R]8/#U

4DG.4I.UY2;NQ


MWL/$^F
OANRMM5$\T=U#%JA


MF$JM:E&
VJRIX:.$C4<:'ML
M;7=.



M^'[:RLO+U*Y\G6I]8^'%M'X?U;^RM&U76/[+U-K.^_LC3Y]9^S?V5&UX#V53

MZ;]IAOK=*
JE!4Z]=N
9.2P]!5&\2Z:7M(X6M.E4HX/$N*H8_$Q^JX&IB
2U

EBN5-<JI5\-B
723J7




5*BZ/L*/+2E5Q6

M-23F_K

J-&K?$/#-QIQ65_O&OKV/^



MG_RMK$U#_A4WPK_Z)I\/_P#PC?#G_P`K:`/





M^.-?\?:!XJ\67MEX/T[P)XLLKVV31(?$^EV5WJ&K7-]'#K][9&X


MC#8+%481JX6A['BO$?[)WQ2\5^!#I6M_#WX7'B:R\96FM:/$GQ,\:V]E9VO
M_I/#/P\OM?MO%MG\#[?5=(\1RZOX2L-2DM+73VCNHKZ2&XU#_1_]
]&M6H8








MHJ$*-M/U'0A*5:FW&I2Q-+.
IQT(4'&49*+P^`JN&-C.CB


I8FM66







4O9UJ$%^YQ
I5ZM-?!5E3P
M




M+X@M?B!J3ZKJD6C:=#J=SJ

M!B
?4IJG3RV4L#&G-TXS=/Q68.%&3E[EAJ3Q5+$15:M0C&KBN=14XXF5+2



M7PA5'TZZNICB)4'1I?6'AJT?;9A&BYNG.G+*\76R^6*CJH.KAJM2JHSHRG5P

Z/+2PBLFY2QE*I[.%)QMBH
M5%&E[:%17VDD_9;M/&GP[TK0/7P8UCQ1\5M!\40^%K_`,+Z;\++K4=0\Z[




M3[32='TJQMUV066G:980Q6UC:1H`J0PQHBC@*!53J5*C4JDY5)*
()R;DU&$

5_\G-?!'_LD'[1'_J3_L[T`?0%`!0!\_\`PK_Y*[^T


8JD
8L9]5GC






M=:=+6=:AB%6IXB

*3A2M.E[/$+VYV/CWPSX
UG1-`T[Q
M_K@AMK7QIX9O]&U+4M6T[0+N\\21ZTC:1H

BBW:GI^
MK7FGRK
+V7S-
.W2QN65:24\;A(U5032E.M4AEN(A7KNFE:5:%%5\S?LHPIX
M?$8=8NE3HTL-&-.:K2PN80J2]G@\1;V]WR0I4YXVC5H4U4TE3C3Q/U:CAZCG
M[=R5*


MA,(QA+ZO]7J554JU)UZSE[M1W]SVL8SA#9*,(0I2E_ON
ZD)5)N4II5JE2
M




M6&J5\%BO3?%/C7XA^=X\N8/$GQ_T2)=?\,QW=KX3^!MOK-GX$\`7]S9?V?X
MC^&*ZG\&]8OOB)XNU*6T;6]
E?Q=+HJ76L++H^ES:?;EL)1K4J5&FZDE-8_
M
:6)JJ$)SI.C3SS^S:5*G2_=U
#B:E#*_:XRD\3&HJE.4L?ERQ52&&5.3GR5




JQM7#8[
HN%*.$S7^UX8+T\`X96JU


M_P#LUZ[X[745T+P[\1]7M/#M[X_A^'7B.SO-2;Q7;^'H8K8W`\BS\5:A:6VG





-=\.ZMI_[




/7G#%UIEU$
MI.=6
%*M6R_
L1!-J
ZN


7B
$$_9_P#`E^NG77PZ/@#P5H7BQ+;3(]5MOL5Y
M\+M/DL-<8S2P+I$'C)K!+*:VD\)6D4$.K7OO8OV<\=Q7)/GA3S=?4ZDZWM9


M*`@`H`*`/G_`%K_`).G^&G_`&0#XX?^K%_9[H`^@*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`




M-2:JP^KU

M5?#^'6H=2L_%5A;67@N30?%
Z7/AA=
DGN/LS+_;4:7UXMUS8K!0K8#.LOIS
ME3IYG3Q
*

M:U)X2&)5-NE2J8;`YO/.\-1PL??J864




M;IUL1FD

*?$MSXE
ML?AGJN@:MXO\2:[<7EKXG;0M774+-;*W:'PY)`;N!-0N].U`PLU2JSE*#C['
M+L/AYN<N:GC<9&I7IX?$0I0M*#RW3QG^\U91AB

M*

M498O!8?!PC5A-U(UJ


MAC876EZ+\/M-N9Y/@=K$LVJWO@/X9^



SC4J12^O<4T.*Z/+.A+#SC*ECL/EBI)VQU*IB)<N&G6O'FP6'HX/#1





M^J4^'=`'@OQ
\+_&;5?$WCNX\


N8X[N.PNUBC2*Y5-.U#5;2YG+ZCH_V;

)*.%:4*?M\OS&6%JRQ





MK'QP&;8O%5?8RJ87XJ'%F$E@LQG@Y^UC_9\LJQ%6%#+:4*O^RJ6&Q&'7U6=
M6CGB%3I_6,7.A6CDS?+J=*A3DXXE9;C


M-&E1DZ&)KXPFJOU7V3JT7CGEM:G0KJ




IXWCKQQ#H9O[6K&M.5?%-T\-'V'UJ7]G9=#!U
OJ)8



)J
M

MS+-9FQ\__`C_`)/Q[_[+_XM_P#46\#T`?0%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0
M`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`&?JW_(*U/\`[!][_PDTE`'C_[





6#R6ZP;A3S3$5(WH8AY)F



9(]YJEZUZUOI..71G7H\-TL1.5)XJ-:6+K/DHUG77#-;$SP^)IU*?
ML<#0PV?0HT<-7<(K&?6)X:%:K#_6L5KCY1P[S*IA:


L1F6#I8J5?#5:4%#!975Y:$L;POX^^
]UX2\97%
MSX^^-.NZ)I/B31_#FL^.--^!FDMXY\.'3/'GC/P]K5Y\
/#-A\'GLOB;!)HN

37P5
6.GB




MS#XM^PPZP/%_COPYX8L]'\+Z1\





M-BU47




DJ]6A6J8&O&M5K2


M+E5+/).E45.$IQQ=&KE^&E7A@'A:F)PF(4\)AD\#F%=]#P[Q%54L*_8QS*IA




ZE*O6IXK

7U]XLN_!`M;!&FM(]3N$:T&6'<,5FF$RV@W.+ADJCB*T72H

)_L5*G7JU
-U8IK!9=CL=63]KA5C

++'=)X[^-7C?X

W]_XBT:

M



M?:SKP^'-XOABV6]^'VLW





RE4!(4#-`'+_P##)W[+'_1M/P`_\
W\.O\`YG*`#_AD

M^C:?@!_X9OX=?_
Y0`?\
G?LL?\`1M/P`_\`#-_#K_YG*`#_`(9._98_Z-I^
M`'_AF_AU_P#
Y0`?\
G?LL?]&T_`#_PS?PZ_^9R@`_X9._98_PC:?@!_P&
M;^'7_P`SE`'D'[0O[
/[-6B_`+XXZSHW[//P-TG5])^#_P`2]3TK5=
^$W@&


MH`/^&3OV6/\`HVGX`?\`AF_AU_\`
Y0`?\

M3P1\%O@Y\





M5*DK+FG)N4K*[=CH*@04`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0!\_\`BO\`Y.:^/\`V2#]
MHC_U)_V=Z`/H@`H`^?_`(5_\E=_:=_[*!\/_P#U2GP[H`]7TOP/X*T.YUV\





MM*GM
16]I+VV+KU

M%PZG^S[\!-9TVPT76?@C\(=5T?2=0U?5]+TG4_AKX
OM-TW5?$$T%QKVIV%A
M=:*\%GJ&I7%M;RWES$B27+P1M
SLBD.#=*IAZM-^SJX2G&E0G'W94:4*DJT*



MXQ0`?\+^^#7_`$4+P_\`]_I__C%`!_PO[X-?]%\/_\`?Z?_`.,4`'__O@U

M=4`'_#0GP_Z+A\(/_#E^__`)=4`'_#0GP_PBX?#_P`.7X+_`/EU0`?\
M-?`+_HN'P@_\.7X+_\`EU0`?\-?`+_`*+A\(/_``Y?@O\`^75`!_PT)\`O
M^BX?#_PY?@O_P75`!_PT)\`O\`HN'P@_\`#E^_P#Y=4`'_#0GP_Z+A\(
M/_#E^__`)=4`'_#0GP_PBX?#_P`.7X+_`/EU0`?\-?`+_HN'P@_\.7X
M+_\`EU0`?\-?`+_`*+A\(/_``Y?@O\`^75`!_PT)\`O^BX?#_PY?@O_P7
M5`!_PT)\`O\`HN'P@_\`#E^_P#Y=4`'_#0GP_Z+A\(/_#E^__`)=4`'_#



M_P`
T_#K_H8_V@/_`!+']J?_`.?)0`?\
T_#K_H8_P!H#_Q+']J?_P?)0`?
M\,T_#K_H8_V@/_$L?VI__GR4`'_#-/PZ_PAC_:`_P#$L?VI_P#Y\E`!_P`


:]NO#VB/-/:V\
SC385
FP%

-_=1/)#YB.F]05W(PSD&@#V;_`(6S\*_^BE_#_P#\++PY_P#+
M*@`_X6S\*_\`HI?P_P#_``LO#G_RRH`/^%L_O\`Z*7\/_\`PLO#G_RRH`/^
M%L_O_HI?P__`/R\.?_`RH`/\`A;/PK_Z*7\/_`/PLO#G_`
LJ`#_A;/PK

M3?V6J:==_'SQ;):7^G74%[97
8\

MW_R2;Q7_`-P+_P!271Z`/8*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`




O\`X5-\*_\`HFGP_P#_``C?#G_RMH`/^%3?O\`Z)I\/_\`PC?#G_RM
MH`/^%3?O_HFGP__`/-\.?_`MH`/\`A4WPK_Z)I\/_`/PC?#G_`
K:`#_A



MQ\/:[+ITT=HUQ)!


?3I=1U:_O

MK






I8.5')
'BEB

:BS%X7%_
M47P-\4ZKXP^&7AS6-8\!:G\-+M4O=
G&HU3C3IPIN3:Y84Z3<
M:=)Q4:F'IRC0KTL/4I4\9@\OQD
1@
-HHNEB
;ATJG+AJ[BJM64)5
0YTZ=:
MI6J3I5*U&I6=:K4IXBK0Q.+P]7$TZU2AB\51EO4];KD+@`H`*`@`H`*`




U76`JYIS8Z
#]2HRR6$




MO3EC*6'Q.6+
:BS%X7%_47P-\4ZKXP^&7AS6-8\!:G\-+M4O=



1@
-HHNEB
;AT
MJG+AJ[BJM64)5


%ERI8.:N&&K1
MP\Z63XB?#WL*-3$?V1B./!I4J.CF
9UG0GEG^L$745:ICO94\X69.I.
Y_V
MPJLJ^2QE]7GC/K%?#PQ



M'ERS+\15RFAF&)SJE@

M33Y5(NM.OM/='34+*XBW136DB21SQR/#(CQR






M\)1S6G]?E5(8.KAL9@Z
8QB\-7P
.2T:..IY[7Q6+JU\/!QEA\37R)X;#XS&

MR^=*LKY_$5_KNIZ!X%^&EEX3\/MXAU^XDBM+\F\'V=OH^B::NC0W&H7EWI

M+!5
LA@

M)CA*L
1[#-L?C
UJ5\WPE3
_LFN4W@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`/+_


MLCKXV




MNV@L;;5O$2V


2\J^UZ@`H`



7?&G]I?X`ZQ\,_$NFZ5\6_!%_?W']C?9[.TUJWEN)O*U_2KB7RXTR6V
MPQ2.<=%0GM0!ZC_PU5^SC_T6?P!_X/[7_&@`_P&JOV<?^BS^`/_``?VO^-`
M!_PU5^SC_P!%G\`?^#^U_P`:`#_AJK]G'_HL_@#_`

M_P#?A%XO^(5_P&-`\

M/\*^
&?#.B^3<;_BH$_VC
M1;A_D++LECYSD``[#_A:GQ=_Z-A^('_AP/@I_P#/$H`/^%J?%W_HV'X@?^'`
M^G_`



M`(:6^'7_`$+G[0'_`(B=^U/_`/.;H`/^&EOAU_T+G[0'_B)W[4__`
YN@`_X

M'7_0N?M`?^(G?M3_`/SFZ`#_`(:6^'7_`$+G[0'_`(B=^U/_`/.;H`[WX?\`




M4^
-331?/Q-^'OBC6&AFN$TGPYXT\-ZWJ;6\`#3SI8:9J4TYAC4@NX3:H(+
M$9H`]H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
_5O\`D%:G_P!@^]_])I*`/'_V



MT'5K8:]:WDVDQM:;I;U$EC:187_:X8:IAU[N+A.I0YU[%U(T\OEFLN2-7DDY
/[1XU:Z62*&+38?A-\69M7O);CPUJG
MBZVCTS1H?!#7VJO<:#HNKS0BSMY_.ETVYM(M]W$T`BE-5:Q%*

7AZR?LL4I8;-

8




MQK1I9GEN;YA7E3I1J_5L/6I+!45BZ.



M;P%I*ZE8/K/PTUBUA#M9RFTO[*ZN([:\^U:59O!PIXNA.O3J.$(4\9)IPM)5

M4E35'
ZV



OC#XBMK_`%KQIH7A#X6?#_Q1H_POEG\'Z#I:ZCK'B'QKIVN3:3XA7PE_

M6E@:

6\+0?VC/&
WB.^TCQ5\*]*T/






M+$X3VV7T'.I&GQ/%T7.DL-&I4IXFKB5AISA[*-2AAJ&28F5:4E*=-MQSB52
MPM3%T%B\'4I0Q-2E/ZQ3X*Q^(?Q(M-(\8_W5OB)JS^/+;XCZ5#X5^((T/P0




?+`JI
M*A14*G//V




^BW\EH+B`^.?`G
M@S7DAN(1%




M
C4I5(I0J4W#%14:E*52A64?;4*U6C4ISEZW61H?/_P._P1B_:-_PS@-2_
*])^&F
MC:IHTWBO1M2U[P^9].T*RO)+74M,TC7]%NY(KFVAFMUEAU&(P23I<&.X6$VT
M^-65:,\'&A35:5;%X2@Z3E[-U%B<13P_)J[QHSYJL6JLZ=6$;/FIRO=;8?Z

MK[^P/#GA:R^'?BGQK\6=*U-;:?7-+\0:$^CZ`WP^TG7M1\6Z%HGA;5[+QAJ5


M_;U






Z

HQY*M:;Q.58JBZ




)T



M^
OAEXL\:7'A&;QAX*G\+^

=1KPI3I5


M6.B4`?0%`!0!\\?'2UM;WQ;^S):WEM!=VTOQ_G$MO=0QSP2!?@+\=7420RJR


M)HUI4GS)2JXF-7#4:&$HTW:5:M5EB98FI3H\^(A@
'C\3A\/BZN'CAJNEJ-/
M#U





MT75RRKF_L^:BY*I..!HSJN
+R4I4*





*+[2]DO95:*Q%/%4IT
9#.:638?#TH3KRK8BK#
M651PBG1J2Q..PV&ITXQK4YRE4G.O248QJ*$E6IX+$8+_`&C8G`XS&SGKI
63_M7FI3
MRSZWM3E*&]^/?[
-A=36ANM/O3!?RZ3]LT/X6^
/$6D3ZO;:6==U#1K+7-`

UR)


MXJ$Y8'&7JT)3HPCAZE2K4ITHN:S]1^-O[/?AC3M`N_&8\/:$^L^$='\7R7^G
2`^-8_`5M80W2Z+9:EJPL=172]3&DZ;<ZM<:=;65O-+
M#Z-:A*EF&.RZE3K5
1@
;'`3I^R:J?6IXG!86%!0IRJPG55;
L!&K&A4K1H?
M6Z$ZDU3FIOA+V^!HYA1M6PM;#3QD947[6V#C=2.*G]K3H5^25+#5:E.%
M/%XN






1[#R^[_:1\(C1?

5


G4P=.K/EIU:V.&57%2IX3#TU/
WE5''SH
']T\#:XVMWNC
M0^


MZ;=/$/!8G$X6A5GRTHUY8A5







MKS6-4W7



M5_++#J::5XML$O#J^L?\+.U[5/A[^RK\-O$G@[QU8VFE1/IL/C#4M1G_`+3T
MNTLXO$FF7MHHU+JP]*

'EV7XC#4*:P&


\2LWISG@(\U5SAB
?BL+)SA5P];!TG7BE4KT








M^YE*G3QPM1PIUO9U*CIXANE4A
IPE&HY12IU''?$+ZI*$:FO-[+6E^^A'V


M_AUW54.DKT*]7#5.:#M.%JM&?)SQC[2GR5Z?/0JTJDTWRU9T6FIPC3F]'RN-
M6G4)VY*BLW&?)*7LZL*E&IRUJ=2$?&OC[_`
T5_PS@/AQ_PYFD
^@*`
M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@#Y_\%_\`)QWQW_[$#X#?^E7Q
M?H`\\U?PAX0_X3KQ7XY\/?LF?!KQ

+K


O'\ZM6I9?DF:3^K0I8*I









MP;SFFZ4+9;B:_M:T4ZDIX?*

M_5]/MY_AQ;VVJ^#[K6$.LW'B+0=/B\*I_9K727

&FEK;IC-9M6HXBA3H\]?



MBI8B



77
MQ52




J;YU+

M+K+ZU2;Q#HT(3PM:
6JU2-=QIRTM'\


MC]OAW4C\










M]HJ.&HYG2EB(Y@U+^T


M.-FL7BZF

NCA90P]12JRY?[/G)U
)AZU







MK0OB#\3=

MF7=U8==.DJOM%K3IT*WUJE@ZB?)1K?4LVQ.,K/+_9Q_X3IPS2AC*==2.75


M?%/[0'B+QKXJN[/P3'XPTZ[74M)N_BCKAUZR_L;QAKMW=V^IBZF-KK%F=8@B


MH+W:T
)ALPR^$8X&CB
-'R_6K7]C33O!]U\6+/XF7?CG3/`
ZZ%IFL:)^UUX

M2K2QN5RH+FQ6:XW8:A4E-:6*K4Y5HKVBG&I/'0PU'
\37Q=#EQ52IAJM1R








MA2A5G5P=.G2;PN`I_4)4L9@
%1IX3$5LNJ0GA



MH3A2KSIO



M




MM]2U%;TWVEWQDM;2-HH(R-253+
HKQA&EAL53Q6)IQI)PH3G7S#&3Q.)PM-.
M=&GA
5B?:U\%&E6Q

M'G

#5





MA*M52CRN-54\LRZ4+?NE/0;I.-;%1Q'6JM2&)IXR$O9XJE+!VJ)1;='`8A8
MK#89QDG3]E&LZTI24%B)K$58RKM1H*C6G_93\/7WPF\0_#6?B1\1O$.@^(]

:IHZ6FD6
B#5_#VI7
5U!%?0
M7

L%A*
M&!Q$
14KT\3A55IXB%1XC$2J]#=?L^0W=CXDL9_BM\3S'XF^&_@WX9W







M1H5VXKZ[B



M)I2E&JJD/8XMXK$U

M-5-4E3:J89X3SPD[R@U2JTL72Q+KJM0NZE\;G4M7U#6)/C)\5;:74[_P&
M6H7EK;6?P?%H[_Z=K[2X%%Q\)99D@U/5V&H:CMF#M
HCL7L+3-L2E*-&O.K

:

MX/\`$=@R^





M`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`@NH!=6UQ;





T'PG_`&)J.O77


&C6RG%8JBOK+PU'#SBJD)OX:(Q4
0ZU*V&A+
M

M0_#VUB\;6

*.-Q5=4
MUA:.+J8;D5*%)U


-CJ-2I77LI9MBZL\#B
-F^834L14CC%B
'1E5IU)9@X3


MN)Q
*JT


1B
OQ/LZ^


`/QTW4]1U/0IM2F2.+4#))J<KSW4T_F


7CZ].5:-3%XNFYUG&M5INCS2E
MB\54;4H2JR5.


_Q$\0








MA%N.'J0P^*IPIU
/AZE/TSPQ^SM\

MAX2T77?$'BVRU/PYI_AO4M5T;X7Z5K_BN=I-=N%L'U+7;_69KEXU:^N!))%



M/#^A_P!H









M90/C7_ZNOXA4`?0%`'S_`'/_`=/HW_9`/$O_JQ?=`'D/QS^#/@KQU\3-5N


M#T


M^-X_B1\/(]`TSQ=9^+XO#VI_!K6M6UVWOWU+X::MKITSQ6OQCM;?3;FYN?AK

-/'.A'F4*U.GC)\22495N249
*?AO)J7QV^#OA#XF2ZS\




M+DPE*DO986

M:UI/@+Q'\




-/\;_`!&^'26^DQ_%
M?P-XJO+CPYJ



P\
'/+JWU*I+V2H8B

CWUM\0K6WL[2QDTX^'(;)8?-].K
M[M;+
91Q'[W#4





7.'MW[*%)X7!



3K$8
M+VS1VV98RG/'8;


\S]O*')*'L





I.E5RJB^'HU</E\Y.EB
/3PL\+FGO2H8.MBLLE
M.A*BZF




GZA8:RZ^,OV@M'T5?$&GZM9265Q<1?#NXDU'BXO=?UQU.\TFUUH

LMHP4W2





MOLCQW4OG5X5ZV2YO@:

MG'#3DZ




)R8W,$\T198
MY'7#'JK*
:U6
*D:L(SDHSBI*

)J
EJE.$))/WHQ=TN'J:PN&52
M#I5%2IJ4).+E2@KQ;A*4&XO1N
I1;7NR:LRU61N%`!0`4`?/_Q4_P2N_LP
M_P#90/B!_PJ4^(E`'T!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%
M`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0!Y_\6?\`





CPT*










-AL



%_\G'?'?\`[$#X#?\`I5\7Z`
ZXT/Q


:.&Q-.G@\#A

DU+PWX@^$VB:7:ZUXBUSPE=:?I^H-XW^)&








M32PM+&258Q2RH2IV.RX8]%2


DJ
J=.
ZU:*JINCAGA

MG!RQ

M?A7H?B'PK;7_`(`\0:-;Z9KMKX]^)OAZU.L_;_%

M7?;*#P69YA0;CB*4
%B


MX?-WC?P!\8-6\

14W_M-/**

?2Z%)5


MB_:-_PS@-2_]59\**`.P^-W_)%_B[_V3#Q]_PHIJU`'0?#S_D0/`__`&)_
MAG_TRV5`'84`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`?/_`

_^2U?M*?]C!\
?_58Z)0!

N@L1*G4AIC:-&K3]G-^RE3K0J
MM5+QC62BO85Z$KR?GMK^T7XPN?!]MXAD^&7AW2-7_P!
U_5-$UOXG36UCI'P


<V
UKJ%WEF
GEG]H*HN;^

M2RMT*DO8Y[6P

O;@E4=#


M%

MY4U@




M:5XG^$D-I#IL6OQMXAT#5OB)J/A.SUA/$M[H_A'3M=\8:C\';'POHNG7T$=C


+52PF%QU6

/CZ
HRJX?#O';XJ5'!UZM.4JDZ&'Q&;^UE3IQ
MG5AE^4+.(UL7*FJG)3J3KY%C:

51P/H-O\0?B5HGP7



M=





\G_`.$7\%_7Q+X@L[9=\?:?-]GT[2
M=<U)K_2M2M%TYK&'6+KFE.K3PF&KSI*5?$5\525&@ZE=1AA
9GV!J3YX4DW







MQO$8R#C0IK$K%4
.L%1KO#\].$Z.!]K5K2J8SDS/$2I5*?L53I9/2HU\TI27


95Q-3%PAA'@





MYG7^&@#9_P%B?';_HW3_P`R[X._^0J`#_A8GQV_Z-T_\R[X._\`D*@`_P%

MXML;72_$#Z]X^U^_TVSOX]4@T[_A+_B#XI\6VEC_`&A#%''=S06.N6T4LD:A
M#+')L+*`Q`V\K'L5`'ROX_\`&&D?#O\`:)\-^)_$]IXHB\/WOP6\2Z#!JNA^

M`(93XU__`#O:`#_AIWX0_P#/W\0/_#*?&O\`^=[0`?\`#3OPA_Y^_B!_X93X
MU_\`SO:`#_AIWX0_\_?Q`_\`#*?&O_YWM`!_PT[\(?\`G[^('_AE/C7_`/.]
MH`/^&G?A#_S]_$#_`

I\:__`)WM`!_PT[\(?^?OX@?^&4^-?_SO:`#_`(:=


M0@65[9%9[24*3MS0!Z#\;$9_@U\6XXU9W?X8^/41$4LS
WA7555551EF)(``
&:.161D<!E92`10!U7_#6/[+'_1RWP`_\/)\.O_FCH`/^&L?V
M6/\`HY;X`?\`AY/AU_\`-'0`?\-8_LL?]'+?`#_P\GPZ_P#FCH`/^&L?V6/^
(JQ;U
MC4KNG!UIJTJKA!S<N56A1C&.)A&*C#&48X?$1225?#PG[2%LMJM&%1N<:4^




*T
M:W-*.)QF'DI4L1B;2C.K6C:RK.:K1C=0J1W
_P`*_L^_'PK\//7PP'@#P9

M*2LEY^'P\

+U_:3DJ-)U)3G

M4:;ING2PTXVE0I0=&DX4Z3A&+I4VDN2-NF4YMXERDV\95]OB+MMUZW*X^VK7




Y1JX&NL3AII





MT4X5Y8J

M52'N3E1Y:D?92E&TG3Y:M6/(WR\M6HK6G*]2Y^!/P0N[MKZ[^#?PJN;YI_#M

2P\<&HI82.%^
MHJA9*DL#S4Y_4U3^!87GI4I_5U'V/-3IRY+PBUQ7Q-_98^_Q-L[];OP3X-\
M.:]JFL2:YJ7C#1_A?\'==\1ZC?7;6SZHVI_\+(^'/BC3-5_M!['3FN9+W3;B




N:'L'*FH
M?X]YI7P;^&NFZ/X`TB[\&^%]?;X7Z?_`&?X'U37?OA:XU+PT);2&RO9_#W
MV31+:T\+O=P6\22V^A6FF6BQQQV\%M#;0Q01=F*J+%XBOB:E.*J8F@\+.[J5

Z=.'L92;I*`_2_@Q\'M#C\*PZ+\)_
MAIH\7@6^U+4_!$6E^!/^GQ^#M2UED?6-0\*I::5&/#U]?/'&US/8WDG**9

3S24U44FJD:$\
I7?
L-5=5U



MY83%8=T:
Y*%I4\/.CK5JU*T*_/)O$5ZGM?K$O?K1FU5YW:KST:JJ2J^UJ1Q
M%*M&=2$)237.I_4%I:PV5K;65NK+;VEO#:P*SO(RPV\:Q1*TDC
\C!$4%F8L

4HQ5V[)));))'/1I0P]&E0IJU.A


M:?\`9/%'C?PWY'_#./Q%NM__``AOC37_``A]M\S_`(:JAV?;/[#^U^3L/D_:

M-/Q%_P#HL:`#_A'/VI_^BR?`#_Q&GXB__18T`'_.?M3_P#19/@!_P(T_$7


M0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`
M%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`?$__``45_P3-_C#_P!T^_\`5I^*`/M


9EF68


MBL5A:GMXVDUA\*\-4GM3YJU7DIJ6&A]:F\#EB9QPM.4Y*4'CGV

M/@

M+DL/6HYCEN&Q4

MSC#1I07MJ-2E6RNG*ACIU90J8;$8BI0PE.LE0S2'US68!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0
M`4`%`'E_PZ_Y#7Q=_PRH2_^H!X`H`]#U*:YTZ_MK:^NM*N)[.ZA@U*Q2QD




M/V-##-R=&BL4\XG]:JRY_K









M%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0
M`4`%`!0`4`%`!0!Y?\(?^14U;_LJ'QN_]71X^H`CUWXBWWAV_P#B!:7?A^SD

M\MPUL
KUGA/:484_K53-/[+H4YU)0HN=2GE3P]:O7C2J5*-*57
U'$*EAL34

97Q-.E1E*%.HUAL-3G0E
M/$456KU9T:BP].DL15\]T3X]ZWJ6I_V;-X`LU?2[_6O!7BI='\;0ZM=:=\5M

MBL



M2$H8FO)5(4^X^%7Q*UOX@Z-HMYK'@;4?!NK7.DWVI:_I=]_PD

M!TOQ3K'CN-8_AMY3^$K3PWJ]E?M&)1K





M)G]#$X6I@Z^*H3:OA





Y123K




M_P#^'J__``:H`/\`AD3_`*N?_:__`/#U?_@U0`?\

MJ@`_X9$_ZN?_`&O_`/P]7_X-4`'_``R)_P!7/_M?_P#AZO\`\&J`/(_CM^Q_



M



M6'F6+P%&G-P:Y

MY73/&%AIUSIXU&PD9&@N)G55


M+_Z#7Q@_\2$^/O\`\\N@`_X4?X+_`.@U\8/_`!(3X^__`#RZ`#_A1_@O_H-?
M&#_Q(3X^_P#SRZ`#_A1_@O\`Z#7Q@_\`$A/C[_\`/+H`/^%'^_^@U\8/_$A
M/C[_`//+H`/^%'^_P#H-?&#_P`2$^/O_P`\N@`_X4?X+_Z#7Q@_\2$^/O\`



20#-^+]U\*_
M^$?T_0_C!X4M_%_A+Q'KNEZ6-
U;X9:U\2_\6J2747]EWGB:VT_PQK.G^&]
M.BO6AVZQK@L;*1D+74;$5$:5*OB\%A7#Q,ZG^S.HHP@J\W'#0AO4Y:-/$

M*E'#NM4DH2A2Y(2FXMPOXMJOC7]D+QEXZM/!/B+P+H.O^.)+./X;Z+9^)OV=

M.-
&WF-6IC





M2L\[I5&G2JJHL!/'1Q].

)6RZ


EM1J)QG3J14X2B]XRA).
D^J::9
M=.I4HU(5:








M^N?-GE$
8DD;8

M:YI-MSE*I5E7J-SK2A2INI)WFZ=&'LZ

M`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`\O^$/_`*FK?\`94/C=_ZNCQ]0`FK_``NM]:UKQSJU




;CYXK.HI5

M@/X1U3QYX`^(UUJ&NMXC^'VK^






M51H4\QPN)IJ+I0Q.#QV9PS6-&%Y5)4*L




M@ZA;)%;VEIK
I6Q$Z<5%=2H3HTZ*3




M&WU+?W88NC7H)X6A0KTU&C3Y9*&7T

Z.'P4/K$



MMO4XL-2G0P]C4JRKU*-.$)59?%4E*BZDM7[TVG)ZO5[LGK
V@`H`*`@`
MH`*`/'_CW_R2;Q7_`-P+_P!271Z35TUWTT;3^]:KU6J`?IWP+^&NF2^'YH-
M\07


/7JTYE7][[;VB7[^M.N^5*')*HJ:K4Z')R_5L-B%2I?6

P

J;C4C







9B\VR_.IXJDZGM


M
G7*GQ3X<\6&2ZT[PM\].M'NVO?^F6SW:P)<RVWFB::2<I/%MB
M%]:I5Z&(E*I1Q5&AAZT&W&$J5#^V4HPC#ECAXU5GN-]I#JA3NJ4Z4*=3VTZ
MV-*


M%2E[.G3^G?/AU/'A;P]X5BU75-;A\.:/I^BP:KK0TM=6O;?3;:.TMY]0_L
M73-.L?M1ABC#&VL;6


J
MU3FJSC!0I1G.2I4Z=-1IQRP^'I82C3PU/L\/03C2IW;5*DF_948RDW.4*,.
M6E5252K*$(NM5JU7.I+HJYS8*`@`H`*`@`H`*`/+_`(=?\AKXN_\`94)?






M?LG_``RK!]J\C[5YOD^=#OV;?
3=N`!T_P#PD?[4_P#T1OX`?^)+?$7_`.A.


MH;N^A
MS'87KQQJ[);S
`C`'SU=?M%?$:QN[S3KRR_8UL[_3?$]CX(UQNOV
MT-=M[NP\::HL[Z9X1O+:7]F-9+7Q/=K:W)@TJ15NYA;RF.)O+;H-8CZM]6:


N24N5VZO6_B?\??#(8^(O`'
M[
'AX)8W&J

M_@!_XDM\1?\`Z$Z@8?\`1_M3_\`1&_@!_XDM\1?_H3J`.@NOVE=2^(C^
;


M$NOV-CJ?A/Q7K?A'4EL-:GT?29=2L)+[0YYH)Y=



MUS2:3:BKMI-VT9I3I5:LG&C3E4E&
YM0BY-0IPE4J3:BFU&%.
ISEM&$92DT







N1U):4U/V5:ORN;M%2]AA\16Y;W]E0K


M+2]!_P$C_:G_PB-_`#_P`26^(O_P!=0`?\)'^U/\`]$;^`'_B2WQ%_P#H
M3J`#_A(_VI_^B-_`#_Q);XB__0G4`'_1_M3_P#1&_@!_P)+?$7_PA.H`/



/]`_:#_8ZUOQYI
NH0ZIX(T?2]
M?U+Q=ILVDRF'58K_`
-V7QKDU&SELY@8[A9;9#WRR!3Q10_VBE*MAOW]$?

MV\.2

?)



M;JUGB)WQ36TL4@5XV4%GRTY6]RK3IU:;Z3I581J4JD'M*G4IRC.G.-XSA*
H

E?5.S7435&_:4T/3=0UG6?B%^SCH^CZ1976







Q0`?V;^U/_T.7P`_\-I\1?\`Y[%`!_9O[4__


MY6+`&8GPK_9
G\;7OA#3?V


UC)JPU.-[%3#VKQHS35GB98N.'G.[A66
M6
CB9J5-5(T(QQ6!Q&`IK%O#U

MXI]HN[?$OD\M;%0P^7U

%LI&_TJ2&




M7[


?6GAL/2E%2G6Q



^H7



)8:
)17UB
HN=Z.MH4XX.6*E:?LY..

MWP7FO1X$DB6X3QK]DBTXR_\`(M!(D@UC;]C*.K;!!JZO\`LT
?.O\`[/3R

HR2LTQJG/VN'H*$O;XJI*E0II/G










MRYO?B=)X5$]V+&V\%6/QU#P'XD\437FOZ%ND\':/\`9;S1OBUKEP($T23P
MAJ=D+S[)KMQ?Z'J6EZC;8U-9=S3SBKA:2^L5\3#+XPI./M8X9?6


KY*ZQ&$S.MA:ZQ\G1RJ=6RI4:=/
ZLY-2A*K&C@







/CH8:5:^)I5UA\=CZCG5

PF+K3PL(RJU*


MNOCL;3I14Z%&E*CC_:&
Q5'%4(^C2I1EC


MM92HU7.E-1G4(^I5R'6%`!0`4`?/_[,W_)+KS_LL'[1W_K1/Q3H`/VI/^2$
M^.?^Y9_]3'P]0!X+XY\#?'*]\;^/O$GA;3OB[:6=Y\;/`^J^'?D=U^S9)\/


MP])T%&E63Q$*=7.?:OVE5.M5EA^(XY3B

M#U:L

M:U\7/ASJ[:MX^O?#&NV6E:+XO^&]Y^T;=V7CVWUK5+NTBN#_`

MG&/Q#:?9KJWM/1RR5+%\2XE4J]*K*OG.6*E3A#W


KPT8*M@\+3P^*:J3FO;QP\L7F


3AZ$ZF#6$HUZN65J/FX:&*PV3XB5


V29Q2
ME'$XB


M*WM_957&$I*A+ZO:LO;M*DI0E3LYINM1BG5AYEJ7@K]IK4-#CO=)L_BCHD\_

M#-S\1?&?C3PYXN\(Z;J^E^%_&'P5L?B*EA:_%?XEW]YX3UKQ[HWB31XM-A_X


M



J3QF(\O^




TQ.'H3J8-82C7JY96H\&&


TPN?XF<W2






$

M*$L5AL=FM/$XNE@FZ'UEY9BJ$:W#U2M*%2

M2?&_P=-+JFF:K\

MXZ!?0/)=SFO^TO

J^










MZ.7T\5F&
K5\PP];R:]/%Q6/KXFLG1J8Z.'E5P\(4L(_;PR249*-6-.DZ&
Q
M.7X^EA:P6!J4Y8_,%1ROQA@

7@





MX?







)C\=F5%9G1Y_X=^
(O%Q^+?B2
MS^(7C/\`X2W1OB)X/USP=X;UC]HN23PG?^([3Q/X@N]/^$NI+\./VE?B)#IN


8W

=B)8J


1T1Y8




MX$^#TU32QI-QKYU'3F\&68OK`:%:6EU/K/VBV

M
%4RG

`_V@1?&7P9X(T


MBS?#8R%:'N5

MB-=V:0K?:_K7B;]GWXD:+!?ZIK/@/PQJVJ:&/!GA[]FW4)Y]&T/7;[5DTD7'

'[

(_$7@;7KW1?!%G:??P_K\Q



M8T
)C

M4L'B






MEE^#SG)\1A7K4='`TL3PWC

2U:-664RE1I59U7RRIRQE&K.M3EAYU\'5KX++J
M\,)2E7QL/O52&4,,@,`0&5E8`C(RK`%3[$`CO4M6;7;31IK3LUH_5:A)3C&

M+]`'T!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%



IXS
M
\:ZM5NKS+`8G

M4





-91IRP*E3E-3;P&'QT.(L
MOIN4%3MB*F)Q*K5

MC

U0HNEBY_5*D:F8N&-K1CQ0H4:.7X?+*
94\+A(8+#TVW%UI87+L=#
K;7-[J<\.IS0^(
MF2_@MC;3P26C^=T_6U5SW$YU3BE6PT$[4I6K8''8NM#%TL53KI-T%4KX?L*
M4J:J5
)'&8?ZQ4;G6@Y1DLNK8&JU_P`*3E2DI+_9L5@:
X/%X2KAF_\`:6HU



5@'EF8RA.

M\3B(XW#/#TXP6A*%6M4YWQ-\+9_!,_@:;4_CM\*O!FL^)O%:/K]OXQ\Q6N

MIX7
:?LY3E1C@L*WAG47UF.'RBAFD
77I5U#W
-'#YUB8RC/#U:&78:.$HTG
M3P\*L





BB6-NI2P.%PTHU%A(9=/
J]2K.:A34
7PP




M\5B
/AE2P










XUGAZ?^U1X;UN^



SE2J5
NE5R^
I




_B9\3=
^%7P


MTL.L1B.6GAZ%*GAI8O'5Z^)6%PE;ZBL$\5@*F-HXBGIA8OZG2E7C4Q.*4\+&


M=AJ=.%+#PS##*-'%8JAC7&EAW!X:C[;7
;!0`4`?/_[
W_)+KS_LL'[1W_K1
M/Q3H`/VI/^2$^.?^Y9_]3'P]0!6D\:ZM\/+'XUZ[K_BR^\8G3/B!#I'@30/%
M-QX/\



M&GB94:5)X6


Z5


$R^-K73?

7
UNDLOB(6U_IXU3GS:4L-@
1['$O#8J659
`AI@%KB


M%I4L33PWOWPU\=^(OBOX%UN_U/19_A=K4T
%O9+HVOZ5XLU71;7Q)X-T#Q5H
MFK?:M3\
#2$\26MGXFM?/L9+#6M.BN[%T%QJ5J=TN7$.'GE6&S&-'$WQ.`^O
MPG.$$H*M@



JT
MQ%*
:Z=9U8*



M48J48
M3Q4*O$




MA

I

MJ5H
M8BMKOQN^(%K\8=&T_0/#^AZE\.)=0\2_#ZZ%WXZAL-3F\7Z5XD\&:'



MI-A%H=O::O/XAM[B=!K

I:HPEC\XJY)0IPK3G3JT:F


_$6E6]GKMKX-\-2
MWJLVLW
\BW=E=2PS7

L

IQJ2E*CB%1GA1]MKF.@*`@#Y_\`V8O^
!(?@]I%[8:??^$+OQ'<^(
M_MGAN#QMH45VL&HQ_8`^B6XBX*&)GAL!DN+H*%=TI\65L/&\L:LPQ&H9I6I

KH8;#\V-ITIUL'2C0Y


33G2R[&5L._(I5
#=7USX?2:=9_#_QKJ?@S5_$&KZGI_Q3U_5;




MTV$W;1^'3I4NHK?1Z;);SI;ZMR974IU*F7XFO5C.GB\D]O7E!VP\IU\UX2C*
MEA8SE+ZMB\&L?BJ


M^K5


MS:OIVD:MJ^HR37/PTMK55CTV#3/^$@FO1G++TZM+$UZL)8JA2QM?`0EA$N65
M2=7


H5(4)5)2P\*RDHOV\:+IQKODIJ593E&G3BU3CX[\#O

MK5

M:4:EG4G0P^:X.GC:%*JHTLPG4HPQ

$OVK]`\8Z78ZWIGPS^(L.B7^M^+_#T6
MLMK?P/U/2(]8\'^#)/&MU8RZGX;^
NIVQNKRTM[[3888I9);?4M
OK75$TX6
MDTJ')+V
:M)*K*OA:N+PE.E.$WCXT\?0RY4\%5C)X6O5KXFLWA;5U2Q5&C5Q

MX;8V5:/U/%U:$(58J

MJL*M&G?M/&GPS^/^IZS\




M')4C-2M452.4O.


MO[47@FR_LZ3POX^N]\1:7H







ME\JF'P&1UE*MA\3E=&NJD:;OC9/$TLNLJ3E4IT95*+P-:
_;8RES5
13Y:G(

M\\7WBJ+_A#-6\-6-GXEL=1O6T#PM%J+3M


M+E@8=;\0O$7BC6?A_H^K^&_A/\0M?U1?B)X6N)_!T
WP]T'Q/:Z7X
^(-KJE
M_K


M32Y%/#O






M\M(J

(Z)2C&DYTXTYPCS*:





17)&@X.%Z;IT:%!.
I1;IX9XKV'.XM.I.G'&XNBJT^:J\-B*N%



P


MPY8QA/
J5/$QBDHTN7V5%4Z$I4G

M&#J2H5

EO;6

J*P4''!JCBZE%4%24(1$DE1BXJ4






ETY^'_PH\8?











`O@/X
M
\*^%[ZTB\-:M;?VO9RZGJ-[;3VRW-QL*V]A;G'$9=*IB*









^?_`-F+_DD-I_V4#XU_^KK^(5`'T!0!
M\C_%+1O^$@^-\VB?\()X3^)?]I?L[Z[;#P/X[N;:R\'Z\7^*7@H^3XANKOP]



M+E4*DG*
XIPEQ?A^Q^!/B6QT&;X\?LV_`3PGJ_Q$@\/WVA1Z9X3@^+7AV]T+

1



M2G2)];\6_LKZAJ.BV/B;X(^&KKP;XJTW4_%6DZEX@_9Z\6OK%SXALVT;P)?W

8I87$9
M#26

:TH5U2E5IQ=11BHRP6#




Q

#@85*].K3S+#UJ$*^$Q]*CTV


HC#*IC%*DDY8S

M(XRCJXRPVQF:X3T*U::AO[3!Y!4Q%+S7/!8:KAZ%.M#!QK5
^51PT:D(

MC@E/!UHRP^$G'VLXJ6:8'$1I4*





[?;(GB

M9U7QEH%W%XH;6?!6D:!J=W#;^!/'VIV6J7'BEKZ/0M'\.W?AWPKJDOBC6)7L

.L7*2=-JGAGBI
M8.



:%K6X$Z1?9IO+UI4W7JNE0<*E
MG549PJ4W0JNCEE+.*D</B%+ZOB9++*]+&1CAZE1U*,TZ:E*\5C4J0H4JM6H_
M9*@KS@TU5@GCL1EFMWMO^1AA:V#_A_[PJ=/XJ]!5+K?'SP'%K*Z4UUJ-VUU





3.JX)3C2G6IO!8NA.@ZL)TL70J87$.A6A4C#GKC




M5@1E2&&?E(QR

I*



M.AB)3JT

Q*PV7TY5
9@JF*IT:^(EB*&+^OXO'S

ME*MA8YC&@L52G5P\L1.G+

M#WP9?Q%\:/%

YRI


MJ\\XRJ8'+Z.`JTI3DYJI1I8;$++:V$K5'*




KXG'8G



M02ZMI?Q!N/%[^*M'O6U=YKC?8ZS;X^U7


M7


55?NU





M\.7X+_\`EU0`?\-?`+_`*+A\(/_``Y?@O\`^75`!_PT)\`O^BX?#_PY?@O
M_P75`!_PT)\`O\`HN'P@_\`#E^_P#Y=4`'_#0GP_Z+A\(/_#E^__`)=4




*

(8K
\'S2E6Q


JM*6+H8BE1Y


'ED\'&O3CR5(U5BLJJUI.D


WE5Q&)QOK'Q





94*

7@LUR^


M4JD*;P
Z;P\W



\'3PV-Q^









Q

*4']6G&BZ
Z





9)N$N91FD[N

MM:E4E&G/V.*EBJ&

^OVEK
M!J/QY^-LEY::
:E%12/]F#3$T5-&?XL?%F9EDM8'U8O\,+75)O#W_#Z3\/]
M;\(RFP^&%O:'0M;T/0M(DO)5M%U&&[L8KC3-0T]EQ75B*WUK&2QF)I4ZTJT\



R
MC2M+`XK-<76PTE[TYNC+&/%RPU!TR5.G]6CA*,%AJ-+#RPM.--R?L\/7P]+
M9A2C[6512694
/AX8F=13JT?8J673P



M%I6KT'@%2IT\%1HXQ4J:Q$_92P]/!TZ6+^G?&?PZ/BK4]-UK2_&WC+X?ZO9V


MS/%8&*HQI0A@\5BJS]JHQ6(A2IT*6&Q&'CAZ'LXJQ4XP@N:FH0I\S4YSE4Q-
M#`RRW8V



8X
M9U*ZJ.K'GJRA&I*+I\E)^SS'+!=2W'Q@^+UQXEGD\/7T/C6:Y^'!\16&O^'-

M%U

2J'33XW;D
MNS'FNFK5=5QDX1A-)J4H\R=23E*7/-.3BI6DH6IQA#EA%N+FYSG$8N
ZTG.4
MG6J2JV?*E!SLYJ/+&+Y93YJGO.34IR46J:A'F'[,7_)(;3_`+*!\:__`%=?
MQK(H/VI/^2$^.?^Y9_]3'P]0!+XU_9_T3XAW_B-_&/C3QMK_AW7=)UC3K/P

J)9(Z:1XAU+7-!9Y':?2)L)Y?.



)U(5%4Q+Q&)7UA[^N




3P]+)YTZF#J04$Z$Z$<(L-..'<'@+X=X+#R5\&U

MQ

MA.FJ=:EB*

+34(UVH^TQV.J8FJ=2M





UK2^IXFE3K4J-:K5PU:<
M(?7J&+C*7HWPT^%ES\-HM1A;XF?$'QR-2U&VUXD\:Q_#TS@67A_3?#5E9K
M/X1\`:`\EO#IVD::?-F








MAFZ\

9F$


3B





MX63J%KKFJ

M5T\MHN2C#V:KR6$R^K7J4X4Z


M\%_\G'?'?_L0/@-_Z5?%^@#Z`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`
MH`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`R;S0=#U;[1J&C:5?7&U4\^\TZSN9M
MBYVIYL\+-M&3@9P
GUH`J_\`)^%?^A9\/\`_@FT[_Y&H`/^$3\*_P#0L^'_
M`/P3:=_\C4`'_)^%?\`H6?#_P#X)M._^1J`#_A$_O_`$+/A_\`\$VG?_(U
M`!_PB?A7_H6?#_\`X)M._P#D:@`_X1/PK_T+/A__`,$VG?\`R-0`?\(GX5_Z
M%GP__P";3O_`)&H`/\`A$_O_0L^'__``3:=_\`(U`!_P`(GX5_Z%GP_P#^
M;3O_D:@`_X1/PK_`-SX?\`_!-IW_R-0`?\(GX5_PA9\/_`/@FT[_Y&H`/
M^$3\*_\`0L^'_P#P3:=_\C4`'_)^%?^A9\/_P#@FT[_`.1J`-\`*`J@*J@!




)_$FK^*=6NKB#2+*TL[<-JFM7FR*WMHD2
1H`=I
M)`V^1W]`'BWCOX2ZMXG\:Z1X^\+_`!
\4?#KQ!I?A;4O!\[Z'HW@O6[74M'U


M_.[H`/\`A5?Q=_Z.=^('_AO_`(*?_.[H`/\`A5?Q=_Z.=^('_AO_`(*?_.[H
M`/\`A5?Q=_Z.=^('_AO_`(*?_.[H`/\`A5?Q=_Z.=^('_AO_`(*?_.[H`/\`
MA5?Q=_Z.=^('_AO_`(*?_.[H`/\`A5?Q=_Z.=^('_AO_`(*?_.[H`/\`A5?Q
M=_Z.=^('_AO_`(*?_.[H`/\`A5?Q=_Z.=^('_AO_`(*?_.[H`/\`A5?Q=_Z.
M=^('_AO_`(*?_.[H`]!^&'@&W^&'@K3/!EMK.I^(187OB'4[G6]8CTZ#4=2U


M`#_A'/VI_P#HLGP`_P#$:?B+_P#18T`'_.?M3_]%D^`'_B-/Q%_^BQH`/\`
MA'/VI_\`HLGP`_\`$:?B+_\`18T`'_.?M3_`/19/@!_XC3\1?\`Z+&@`_X1
MS]J?_HLGP`_\1I^(O_T6-`!_PCG[4_\`T63X`?\`B-/Q%_\`HL:`.F^$GP^\


M`/=_^%L_O\`Z*7\/_\`PLO#G_RRH`/^%L_O_HI?P__`/R\.?_`RH`/\`
MA;/PK_Z*7\/_`/PLO#G_`
LJ`#_A;/PK_PBE_#_`/\`R\.?_+*@`_X6S\*

MTD!N;&:2
3*LD99-VX!U)'S#(!]+4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`
M!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4
M`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0!\W?%5_%'AWXP_7X@:/
M\/?&/C[0]\!_&/PMK



MN7[0'_@M^%G_`



M3&
ON1@`-O*Q[C0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`



@26YC
M+B!6
2XP
0#_VP$``(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(
M`@(`@,#`@(#`@(`P0#`P
#!`0$`@
$!`0$!`
$!`
!`@(`@(`@(`@,
M`@(#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#
M`P
#`P
#`__$`:(```$%`0$!`0$!```````````!`@
$!08'`D*P$``P$!



G*TM/4U=;7

!$0`$0$#$0'_V@`,
M`P$``A$#$0`_`/W\H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`
M*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@
M`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*
-M`^&W@KQ5X^\4W+VGASP=H.I^(M9FAC$LZV&
ME6LEW.EM7037<BQ^7%%N7?)(B9&[-95JDJ<8JE0J8FO5J4:%##TN3VN(Q.)

,XX=29OPA;3[\2'4A:[#8W`;'DOMRA^\P]+%4O?PM:K&A3K
M1UI3K3E&
*


$?''@'QQXUTWXJ^&/%_AK7?4]UX'\0^'/#VH^
M&M


M!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4
M`%`!0!\IVVA^

M_P=10`?\*.\1?\`1QO[0'_@R^%G_P`ZB@`_X4=XB_Z.-_:`_P#!E\+/_G44
M`'_CO$7_1QO[0'_`(


MT!_X



M8;$T
1A:].


:Z\Z=2$L32P&'H8O%3X9A5P</=P.%PW#TZLI+5?9NI-5


#A)5*#KXI8NI*CZ.&Q7U7
.O%&F6IN/AOX?\`BIH&LZ)8R6'P;\BPT*#XKW7]F7
MVFZ6/PO;QRV-B-48Z5TO$1EF^:8RMS8GYAFV9UG[76K+`YID?\`9=6M5IR<

PV72P\JLI.FJN)IY_

M/A


MB85

'B5.M1KU\/'$4:BIXLG^'GP#^*_AS]HB'X


:W-.-.4Z




M(6FJ6-]::C?WFH7%E:0ZU/:X''9W1QV'O#+^'\OQ]J$Z;HPK2QF%IXW
*-5U

.L=B9TJDU+#VP4I1J_5ZV%S^GEU:.*A.GB8TZF

M\@E^



:5IG@;XM:5H_BW

?%'@^V\

EIJ?QIL]5T'0WU'6]*DF&N:;I5U8VUT]SJ5K9PVET
MUL82E+$XGX.5L)6Q%?)\-+VDE.G0K9\\0LMC5JX9XBFUB)83$04Z$JT%4A&
MFI.I7PT:T8KEP5;%4*E2+E@UG,I.#=I0R=*&:SI\RBY+#NO2:5E.M&;E0C4

M6_Q#?Q+;R+X?L;C=)+X;2-9O*!?RKB&:6
+&6)^LPIQ=.I0HX_$4Z


M@ATG4=+U#5-
+A:N)G@8)*@\RKYCA
/[5J+EBLLAB*E?#RA'FJ4Y5(X::HU*







P
MLZ^!JU85J-'$U*N'Q$*6






50YU.4
ML;B
;5EBZ]3$RQ%&I7O)T%&I6C4J5:I.

MW@\P6%PU''87$86E&@98IU

J-.T?90IX

/

Z4%*^$P-3
/8UY2]N\+5P

7+!

_AEX'C\9^./#OB#X9:W:^+]%\?Z%J^G:

Z

MBG.
\

M*_V*DJ



74IXC*\1&


S





MTYTX5HO#O$4OK/-AZM6A1Q*6']I+ZK6JTZ&*M]7KR]E4F=N758X;'82NZBH^
MPJ1J1DWRQC.#YJ?/)8?%NG!U%%3J1PF+E2@Y5(X3$RBJ%3\RK#X.^-_#G@;Q





1/VL:4)4LR5?#U

17S




V=CX:^$_Q3U\:7\`?C?H





.\1&&$Y(O


M+#PMYUIG[


M++^)JC&KC:V19?AL#54IU)5,5AL1C/94Z.(Q,E6I8WX.K@X/%3A@Z5&=/%



-&
MC5G4QD


M37
%OX
TV:QCNG-[)$FD7

MNF:@DB1+I6HR6&=&

M$*E=25##X;$/


M

D\1P^$6UVT2+3;BTNM+\^[U*0:O;Z8L
.G:E;6^I:U:)!GEJE



/6C3E2K4[
M5I35*
IQISK1I8I8*M5P].;C4Q&&P^+DJ.*Q5&

MLZU55G:DY894*L



'E.

X5*=:AF53$1=2=2#E'145
M&-*&M.2E[6I[1RH4=




1&



YP3*ML/3H59N/LJ[H*
X2C4C
M6*IRK86%:5-R6'GBJ,?;8:%=TIXBC.C5I1G3KT95/+=$_:2M_%_[1GA_X2^#
M8+/4_`]Y\//B%XCU#Q=/X?\`'NGRZCXG\%^*O_AZ2R\(ZYJ_A[3_#'B;PU;



M!IMEHVC:7:(24M=.TO3H8;:QME+

MX1IPBFVVHPA&



?B:+P]H:='XP!7Q&G]H:M=#459;U2G^FW\WV-NHW@V







M=T4Z?ML-AL?0K8B%.52

'O2YG&(

MQXB\)Q^`%L+.Q^!.OZ?HL\GP^A^(.FZ?)=6TGQXN;EOMFC?$[Q.ERJ7B#[7#





/`\'Q:T^Q\!ZE



M]&

K.


M@:+P3)X%N/`.HRZVT


-_
`??Q.UG]


M`OP/^%R?%1_C6OA91\3I+86C^)O[7U_)@&C)X?_V.=5_LH/_8\:6WFQ#[1
I:0W%K=W`465T$`ERKD@
`-O([.S^$7P\


M+:W





L
M_A%\/-/\%ZA\/+3PZL/@_5+@W5_I']IZU)]HN&FM+CS3?RZBU[&WG6-HPV7*


TD:GK4/V6XC-V5E%_!J*7L




WMQ:M
MK/V_5



?!+R_H```_#?P4GC=_B,NB*OC
M-[<6K:S]OU3)@^PKINW^S_MOV(-]A18=XMMV!G=GF@`T+X;^O#'B77O%^AZ

=.*`
+X4:1X!\


_5M+TS6]*U/1=:TZQU?1M
M7T^]TO5M)U2TM]0TS5-





M65X253'8BHG*4L0\37PRJUYX2
\-4Q]6G2Q.
^NUHQC
*=*.:8VG3A%X:AGF

U]I12I3P\









MA


%6K8FG@\+3C*K[&MBJ






7B
3AZ25-N5\-7KT:7U^G

*TO

MLY

M@#Y_^
G_`47]D[_`+.`\1_^LL_M+4`?0%`!0`4`%`'F_P`']/\`!VD?_P)


HRB[J46K---)IIW3U1YSX.^!/P0^'6KGQ!
VM(O@K\)8K2RUR_\`$]G:





M_A7\

OM$\'WFC^#_#VEW?A31M4DEFU+2/#5Q9:=


M_%4P^&DE*A1FW3HR2=.




M4GB:-:F\5[.I[&
N;VJHUL

M)O+TW.@^'SOUZ\\M[E]


MJE.#I5O88ITU.GB(4JD:BUR3'QPV

FV/PBEO_'_[--[\`_%VBZ[XX\5?V9X'UWN

M5['-

\-.IC
5'*6,J4(YY
M,XY;A^&88BE=3(/K^$J0C%2ABL#CXY?0J5?:3494ZWL


L1.I5G!I)4Y3JSDH0DI



$KTW]4Q7UBCT3P
MLH9A7P=-NM3IPSKV


M



M!4?CIDO-2@^&0\)CPO%IM[I%F][=^



*Z$I0E6IM[UJ%7#

Q


='

MF)RC`5L?BJ%27(XPH2P/M:=*
E'$SG#ZS7H5/:82C&&.A@J4I?5
;6Q^!TQ&
M']C6JTZ$UB:5#'1P

10;J8C#8*I'V+\/L_P!N#6[WP??^
M-M._9Y^(FK:'/XC^%UCX/O+=-=\*Z=XD\._%/Q6?#.E:BVM_%GP7X+TR;Q#;
&KOQ7I3MXDTC9X@^QR7U_I2PV$Q%7$99@:\%@L?C<6\)6I56XQPT
MG@*F



7B/\`


M\
6=WO


M!_PU5^SC_P!%G\`?^#^U_P`:`#_AJK]G'_HL_@#_`
']K_C0`?\`#57[./\`
MT6?P!_X/[7_&@`_X:J_9Q_Z+/X`_\']K_C0`?\-5?LX_]%G\`?\`@_M?\:`/
M-O%7QB^%WQ
^*W[+VC_#WQSX=\8:GI'QJ\3Z]J=EH%\FH3Z=HL?[-/[0FDR:


T;Q2Q2*'CDBD4I)&Z

MIR=.I3DI1E%M2C*+O&46M4TTFFM4SY+U[]E+P3H/AC48?A9HNL2:_+I?A?P_
M#I_C#X]?'VSTV;PKX5\2Z;XDTCPUI/BB'Q9KM_\`#W^R[ZQ
VCZEHVE74NCO
*]H
MY?VIA*2RW&U/J_L:F&J+I_#:.&C2CBO84Z5DL+1^N1IPQ5*&!@Z&'ITL31I

MJ



+&5.-2;=2IA:N(KPQ'


MPO*H6]QRAK4KTJ59PY7B*%'$59XJA0Q#JT:&+?UJC&(4:BX*#]EWX+6NI:
M=JMKH7BBUNM$U+7=5\/16_Q2^*\&F^&+KQ+IFL:/J\/A31HO&RZ?X5TR33]?


MI*DIXC%*%?'-07]HU:56/\`K+H4?9];X$^GPY^&=_;ZEX+TC5=*N;3P+X9


5*47+EJ5*N(BI^TJ*52G%*E2EE[AR=
MY^R[\%[[0]0\-3:#XGCT+4-?TWQ*NG67Q2^*VF0:+J6D:R_B+3(?1T[QM`_






3DC9
2Z]&.:`.XH`*`


M^%5KI

MB@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H









M!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0!Y/XT^-WPW^'^OQ^%O$FJZROB!]'M-



[V@`_X:=^$
M/_/W\0/_``RGQK_^=[0`?\-._'_`)^_B!_X93XU_P#SO:`#_AIWX0_\_?Q`
M_P##*?&O_P=[0!Q'PT^-7PD^'G@#PCX'?Q'\2-??PKH5CHK:U=?`[XVVUQJ


6-
8+OXC'P9=7%S/-\2-8G\9K.+L+:^-GT7P\NJ6MM]
MK@B_T==/326'D&6'?+)LD)W*@!Z10`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0!\@_#32OC)

-_\%/_`)W=`!_PJOXN



M-11QTHX&36


9#HV5^'WP1)*JZLR$/\`#D@*Z@J2






MTGPMX3\'?#76M1\+S^


MK49U7AL-A(4Y/&RJU
9OAX5
3Q#A


$<+B\3FF:Y:ZL55^K5L92S*KA<'@\-
M3O5Q$(U9.A@\)4K1E3JUZU'#U<=6Q2K.'-6E3CABL-*<\*L@RW-)TI\JQ
:



M8TZJ@X4'&C:G3@Y/$UZ7UGMQ&&]A6SB5:I2PU')\9@
%B.7VM2GIB:.%@JM
M


MY)HY

#BX8B@E[18+%JE5J2I0Q-%QCBJ=&56G&&(H.G

$\(G288GN]4CL;&*2XB

YJ4(1H8?+

M;\;:!X^U_

M



L\$




J_LX_]$8\`?^


I-8/$X/%UXUK04_K.#CA_:X2-#VG-*7M
3


EN^Z)-ZLL/%XVI0K.


XU\=4=
MAESU(UL1&





55JT
-#G=H\^(K4:U&A&]ZM6E5ITU*=.:6MI

MV&MV=WI]U)Y.VWN[6:WE*31
BY4E[:$IT%[6%.G3K2E#WHQHUN3V55N-TJ=7











12E.4
$_^?5GX9M_&EW)^S):^#KK69_#EKXLN/%/@2#P




586&5U.#@\5I.G4HR4:E.5*3C:4HN+Y*D(U


H














DU;XDW+R:C;:-:G7K
MB



;I23E0EA7BHK*Y1



JP%+%3I4Z/UAT'B*B




^FO875U97/=]



*_MGG?L_[;Q&$Q-3D27L

M_85U1IT54HWBTI2G.6U+%U:&;8S.(J

YC.E*(;,V.SQ%7^T,PS2#5'&YAFF'S?GBD_J^*
MPVQ.!@L/&:G&$&L9B
2IU%4Q-#&2IU\)B


=Y::UXVOIHM.^#]HYNIO%=


Q5&-OK%2MBJ\JU:FJ$
M_8Y?.FHR_P!AJ5*D*JJ5L51Q#I4(4:U;]#-%BU6#1M)@UVZMK[6X=
L(M8O;



12G3Q6*5:$JV'G&=/#\DY1G4Y/
M16(A#82@YU\OS.CF%*'


M)/$5





M_6JTUB9U
1@(PH5DJ$\QH8N=/!8BG
/Q\)YA




M





5B


M`*`/G_QY_P`G!?L_?]@#XU_^FOP30!]`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`
M4`%`'S_^U5_R;C\9_P#L0-?_`/24T`?0%`!0`4`?&7PA^)R?#/P=/X+\3_#;

M2(5F'.0
M#!_%/_YFJ`#_`(:)\._]$X_:`_\`#!_%/_YFJ`#_`(:)\._]$X_:`_\`#!_%
M/_YFJ`#_`(:)\._]$X_:`_\`#!_%/_YFJ`#_`(:)\._]$X_:`_\`#!_%/_YF
MJ`
K6/VI?`WA^VM[O6?!'QUTRVN]5T;1+::\^!?Q.MHYM6\0ZK9Z)HNGQ/-X

MO_1./V@/_#!_%/\`^9J@`_X:)\._]$X_:`_\
'\4_P#YFJ`#_AHGP[_T3C]H
M#_PP?Q3_`/F:H`/^&B?#O_1./V@/_#!_%/\`^9J@`_X:)\._]$X_:`_\
'\4
M_P#YFJ`#_AHGP[_T3C]H#_PP?Q3_`/F:H`Q?AGJ]WXS^.WQ(\=VOA+QWX=\-



M$7_1QO[0'_@R^%G_`
ZB@`_X4=XB_PCC?V@/_!E\+/_`)U%`!_PH[Q%_P!'
M&_M`?^#+X6?_`#J*`$M_@)-;\

T'Q/J?@8:))

+=[J258TO8T9U7S%=-R
`?0-`!0`4`%`!0!X7\4_

MN;:71Q^ZDM55UN?,4IAPG_`&C^U/\`];\`/\`PY?Q%_\`G3T`']H_M3_]
M;\`/_#E_$7_`.=/0`?VC^U/_P!;\`/_#E_$7_YT]`!_:/[4_\`T)OP`_\`
M#E_$7_YT]`!_:/[4_P#T)OP`_P##E_$7_P=/0`?VC^U/_T)OP`_\.7\1?\`


M`$)OP`_\.7\1?_G3T`']H_M3_P#0F_`#_P`.7\1?_G3T`']H_M3_`/0F_`#_
M`
.7\1?_`)T]`!_:/[4__0F_`#_PY?Q%_P#G3T`']H_M3_\`0F_`#_PY?Q%_
M^=/0`?VC^U/_`-;\`/_``Y?Q%_^=/0!Q7Q'\+_M-?$SP)XI^'VHZ#\=#T_

D
ES;J[`*TB`[@`?

M@`H`*`@`H`*`@#Y_\`VD/^1+\%?]G`?LT_^K]^'5`'T!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!







_VCO\`HA'@#_P_

M]H[_`*(1X`_\/S=?_.@H`/\`A


M`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`?


VWAQ_$_C;0M)3Q%\1/&]KK;VWA#QEKWA#[



/AO\1_



M`

'\4__`)FJ`#_AHGP[_P!$X_:`_P##!_%/_P9J@`_X:)\._\`1./V@/\`
MPP?Q3_\`F:H`/^&B?#O_`$3C]H#_`,,'\4__`)FJ`#_AHGP[_P!$X_:`_P##
M!_%/_P9J@`_X:)\._\`1./V@/\`PP?Q3_\`F:H`\
U3XL)/^TOX'^(
7PL^


M`

S5

S5`!_P

YX9P].2Y8OVLHTL?C
-&
I0





MS3-7A@^(6EZUX%U;PA';6-B/!'C;Q'9^!?#FO:%?^&=1U;P^GC3Q.;UG&EZ@






+&%:I2KK&T73Q-5_:)^.UEX@^(FH/H'PITGP/\`


MM186G1C7JTXUJV

M\/VOP^_9Q^'?CK0?&!@UPZQJ-CJ!^(MT^C^

M;


N
4)1K4J=3ZOB\51E-U,1A\;5I4Z=+$$%&E@:N/JQGB(.CDN+P\(1EA
M(5<-F698K+JL54KQJ8F+]IA5[*IB<OPE:C[:I*M@)O1IXZDW[2G[1^MZ:FE
M^%-

MIWA:'4QJWC76M2L+N2_U&&WOHT\.WLLF.%I+&?V16IMX7#YGA\EKS56WL\+2

M




J=+VE?VU2-*
87I*C[6OAZ4J

M'Q%6
J:XNP_:5\$2:-X$US^U_CC+:^

MX6U_2M/\&BZTG0;9/#EP=%TU8K?QIJ
FG:?'




+%X+\*VFM:KH&F_V0U\/$VNQWOAKP+H?B5;7









MMBJ74N_L/^%2OE5*IO4H^S4*U'FJTJ\L1AIXOPH1IQEB)/%4(TI4)2H0I2
MEBL+3G4A4K**QJPJX7`U
;BJ

/P7CTS4/!4_B+2O#













T#X6_#K

L?&2W*74=POBNTLM






M
(//BO2+W0O%%MKOBG3_C+


*V6TJ%!RJ

M6*JSQ$*$


DZ=.$4Y0
MA*$J4X1E3DK2A))Q:U=G%Z-7E)V:^T^[/&O'/['7@?7O$!O/W@C]F32?#E[
M`B:EH7C3]EOPKXYUPO)KFZFU?5?!NM:=XK\-0:#J6I)



M/=W

34QN+Q6
JJ
:N+K5*TU!-14JLY3DHIN344
MY-).3:5KMO4XL-0AA

M*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`^?\`]J?_`)-]^*'_`&`(_P#TZ:?0!ROB

M?%&F:?#]G!I,C67B*_EM0YFOI+F62X?&EAL-2IQH3H1Q&&68QS6=&JY^SJ





)




'5Y9M

!


51C;ZQ4K8JO*M6IJA/V.7SIJ
O]AJ5*D*JJ5L51Q#I4(4


M4YN.#K8SXKV4U55=.;6#HTG/FE.$95)TJD:ZHUZ6.%=6&HX?&1IXBJHT95

M#?]CX(U.=+[P)#=?$'P=HNM:CK?AKP_XTGLO`$!BCT6;6-6M[/4/#?_``CN


MA3Q=:G[135/ZS@YU*D\NQ&#FU*-;3/V7M-T&'PH]A\2_B;J=QX&^+?C3XV:%


MTXF=26.PN



M?\





MQ^'5;RQPV#3QM'DAA\9VQY)X/#X6I*&%C5SC4I5:]'V^KSI4JE.KA
=2
M4)^TI/#8BKB:4/9XB7-0J-8/$P57V.#;^

T5UK6GZR;&&\@:_

MM##8C/V$X/5





M8_-ZE3+JM'$QI5L+&C2Q=9PP6

(?A1


(1G
M&M@
FJSC3Q$*:KP5*G76'Q$)UZV)@YSC*66X;
I8/'4*'4_#W]H'XZZUKWPW




AAUS1_A)XUN]8DN='9]
FM[B*S3[%^Y


VL4


G4J4E5J1J+%_6\1CL32I5%4E5^L8B6


_AKQ3I-CXGT
M#_A

M4(_\(.6YG1I*C7SG

BIXFDJG[J4
?A
).E6YHTHRJU8K&RA1G4C;T:LE'Z
MUR-8CW9X*C+B+Y.JLY8%2S946Y1E5HUH4
IJO#WY?9TW*I6HT
=B(4^:K+#

M^$?'7B_4=$%GIFN^._CEI5_93^%M(TJ\FNM8LO#?BP:U=/9P-H_AO[=!NVC2




M^(J*-*G[##91E&;4\-4JU%3P7LJU;

Q/=3H4W

R[#RJT*3YYNMB
PS#`5


M+X@\



:M'T*]?=E:

ML'DNAB,7!7E^[68XK5\1!)U)8BK04)SQ



MMHOPBTO2O_QS^)WB3XH?:?XI^&%B\%^%;36M5T#3?[(:^'B;78[WPUX%T/


MBO1A+%\09=PYBZ?))4O9XG


EB*M?E


)1EAZT\%3P]7!8+#TZ$JM2I4K1]M3P]2G3JTZU:4(

MHN5?L(.GAL/BZ^&QV(GWG@W]K;P-XUUSPSING^/BQH^B^*_''C7X;:5XS\






SRVE[:OAZD&H3G


Q.!PL\9BJ6'E&

'C1E1J5<:]_:6MH?&$/A+2/@Y\7O$L5_XB\;^$]\3Z0/A

MY
:51U*$JT:4TE@


=0']M'P!;77@6W\%WZZ

M


M).O$?_9P'[6/_K4_QDH`^@*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@#Y-^G

M$B(X(4?
BGJ!6;HTG-5'2@ZD7&2DXKF4H1K0A).UTX0Q.(A%K6
:]:*LJLU*
MXU)PC*




)R^[]5Q%1252OA[6]C6FJDU.K3Y





MAI]SJ.K:K=36\`CC

M:





M=.%O@C:C8_L[?L_:7%KL&F_`OX.:=!XGL/[*\2PV/PQ\%6D7B'2_M5O?_P!F

L/2G'W94\/*E&A*A3DK.%
M&5&
:
J46H.E&--QY$D=1-\+?AC/)X+EG^'/@2:7X;1Q0_#N2;PAX?DD\`PP

M]:G5C4C5IU:K?M*D*D:U6-2$Y.

BP^!OP4TE]
?2_@_\+=-?1/$EQXRT9[#
MX?\`A.S?2?&%XEI%=^*]
&]G[GU;!UKNKA:'+;V.&JN4G4H4^6E/F?-%W9=;_`&CZQ]8_?_6Z
ME.M7]I[_`+:K2E.=*K5YK^TJ4IU*DJ<YWE52<HM.4F_4J0!0!\_Z)_R=/\`
M$O\`[(!\#_\`U8O[0E`'T!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4




M`&=EN&RS#3E&C@

MA32X[FT^&%MOT=[?P?X5BO!*LMW




M

+

Z7JGPZ^&EK\
?


ME&:B[*=TFN*T7]GO1-*^$
OP;O\`QQX^\2Z1%?QZKH?BC69/!-GXQ\+:I9:U

I^T5'`4HX7#TZOMI585:;P


:=*
+.J
M_`Z345\+:G#\6_BMI/C_`


/8T*M&E0Q&'4JCI8I


M:I&
:N&E*G[%PP_L52IPHSP\:5*M2=.4



MZM[*G3]C@OJLNC?LKZ#H\?@^!_B=\4=6A\&?%SQA\9+*'55^%S1ZEXA\=PZW
M#XCT;6$T_P&%H)O#,__``E'BIU@MOLMU&?$5P%O-EM8)85!0C2P-I3C7P^

MZ-X?A^)?Q=L]
\'2Z5%\

M\
%A

91A2CA\)





M&G7Q6-A@L5##_5GAI4
'B*U/


4^2+Y:'U
MFK.M'!TJDZ5&M.A1G4KXMTZJG##YEF.:PP=2I@IT)RYYREBL8\;4I3H3A1IX
M6





MQR7#Y4Z%.




=)URPO]4THG5='U7X5_$#Q%I7

4LUNDB317&IPW]_!;WT6V6SE+%J-:FL;*.0Y[5
5*5
MZ#AC,@=%.4YU,+1=;+\)4PRJU'.K*EB8MXJI4G?%5E5C[?$8CVF(J8KD?/[
M4?C'4]5TKPCX)^`/B&76_%MQ^T!KOF?$'XTV`T70M0^%'Q-_X1;7=*U;6D3Q






@^
UUK/AGQ39WWAJ[\0F72+_2?A9-XSUCQ4L^
MFZCI


)

MP@W4Q..C@UAJ[Y_84*T54HU(N&(Q%+%5
10P6#J8C&U8T#DOV?OB9K7Q.^
'




KQ

$E.%=NK*IB
R;QF


M:S11PM;$1Z9X&K];AA
-.G.4U&E'G]K3:QM;)JN;X;#58PHUEAHUU1E1C/%3




MRR&'J?[/FV#PV(HSE&TZ-?$Y;4Q\



'C5J48.E3PN
M7PV(IYA2IT
MZ.)7U2-6%2I#&JG@ZND\)&.(GAX5XVP.-R_`9A.2:6%K9BZ48RI*G[66)IX:

;3Q#\)X_`.D?%[X4ZO\`

M%EI%X\EC;^S5R_V%;.
-*LOK&44\MKN

3AZE,*U*,:E
*M-E\(6&D7%Y;2^&IM2O=6ACFMM-O;RU0Q<*\I/VD\+5Q
M'URE1O&MEF'AK#!5JU&<92Q='

UC:3P^$PL






L4\%/]PTJT\13Q7+2







MW\67/B_P@_A

7%O:W$BV=A<-$C/MJ'3KSQV`RJE*&%QF85ZM



[;X??$KP9\3])OM8\%ZG=7MOI.LWWA

M07

M5*-6


^B6WB+POX1U[Q'I3^(M)OM;T5I]TZ?57MM0T
MS3-=T:YN(KB&TE@#0ZE;&-IEE/F
'S&AA,5B^;4<32Q
M
U+3J2GA:+G7]BN1U*^$H5)45B,?AL/7H4\/B,/B4IT\5A56^M]*NI+[2]-
MO90BRWEA9W4JQAA&LEQ;QRN(PS,0@9R`S'&
D]:O&48X?%XJA!MPH5JE.+E
M:]H3E%-V25[+6R2OT1Q8O/%8'!8FHE&IB*%&K)1NHJ52G&;44VVDFW:[;MN
MWN7ZYCK@`H`^?\`]FG_`))UXC_[.`_:Q_\`6I_C)0!]`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4


7PZAN=

5[KFOWNG^)H

M

MB'BI3O6^NPS&]ER_6Z=*G0A45.WLU-EBJA[!47.E[+V=6K&=SP7^S-\%




MH_:5(QKPFYI2^LPQ52A6Q$
;S)K'PK5
+AISCC57C)T*6GN1LHJ$(U81I4XT

MZ\O;[[#Y-G&]E%?W5O:-#;W




'&.7^P^JKD
M^K8F&



4OM.M?C-\:=
T..U^(-U-?^.-
T

M352?M(4\#6PU?`P57F]KRX*IA*'U-.;6%@JE*A[.EB




M;/$8V-6G7J*
8SG1KTO85







/]4PU:O#EY
35H86V&I3Q
:L

*

M


M




7F%2&


ZK#XT\+


:

/B\-4A6A/%T
56P]IG7K_`%*K

MCX6Z?\0_`^&UC4_#EUIEQX=UCPKXIT:+3HM4\




M3$3G4PF

M4?#[X9^+/!

''&SE



M*2]C56'=.G.]3&4:&+5;V5;'X:-*M6[

M

&7LZLHSKS3Q*J8N;J4

MI8BI*ISJ%*

SV\;11E.C%5IU\?FF
M*C[E'-
?EN;2HR;G['


M'=MJMQ^TO\2/%OCK1-&\-:OXDATSP]^T)X@\/:/X:\+#QGI.L:%97E_JNOR7






M9XNDVY+DK8+`U\;2=HRBI1G/#JE5C).]&I4Y.2K[.K3M?'?XH:K\%/AC)XQT
MSPMK'C[4;?7/!?AF.PLY_#MG=27/BSQ-I'A:WU*].JZQH=FP:]U2!/*MI80U

+A7G*RI4JU92JTZ3K5'+VLJ$:E'2


YO/'<<L7BR\T37;!I;[P[H_CUL[?4X=TUH
M^H6NI677EM*.)S_+L+*2J93/'8W!.M:I3HYA6PV75\5*.$G**Q/LJ+5*4ZE2
MAAJ52MSX.&*^MX7&X.,U).CD^9XFIAJM/,/[%JYC0HV4JF$3JU*%+$5E3PU
M=1K8;&494\/BJ\J

MDZ?XE_\`9`/@?_ZL7]H2@#Z`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H
M`*`@`H`^?\`]J?_`)-]^*'_`&`(_P#TZ:?0!]`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`

MCB(8;&X^ABKE*
'Q\0+;QJMO?

EEJ!L[/3;2VM+**SWE-QQ=#%8-+






M.N](T?3M

ZV&F
MV
VDZ,DT$L4L;JKQNKJ&`!X]_PS%\(?^?3X@?\`AZ_C7_\`/H`/^&8OA#_
M`
^GQ`_\/7\:_P#YX5`!_P`
Q?'_GT^('_AZ_C7_P#/H`/^&8OA#_SZ?$#
M_P`/7\:__GA4`'_#

9$9HXS


M\
Q?'_GT^('_AZ_C7_\\*@`_P&8OA#_P`^GQ`_\/7\:_\`YX5`!_PS%\(?
M^?3X@?\`AZ_C7_\`/H`/^&8OA#_`,^GQ`_\/7\:_P#YX5`!_P`,Q?'_GT^





?\`YH:`#_AEOX$_]+_`.7-XQ_^:&@`_P&6_@3_P!
M+_Y
?




M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`
M*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@#Y_P!:_P3I_AI

M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H
M`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`^?]:_Y.G^&
MG_9`/CA_ZL7]GN@#Z`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`
MH`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`

M_@#_`

MYIW[37[/NJZCINCZ;\8/`-UJ6KZC8:1I=E'X@LA-?:IJMW#8:;I]LKNHDN[J

M`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*

M.6)P^$J4*F-4XY=S3^MUJ7/*IA
-&C5G4QD

MA)JK5A*G&:/9-(^
D

\#^)?!J^'?AYXPN/&\]WXVU

M$JV







MZD




MMAZU=4Z5?$M8:E.==JF^$T;]KS]GG7[%=3T7Q]-?:;/X7'C#2;^+P9X^2S\3
MZ



3P]?_`-M_
M#FT71KF/2;I;Z274#:P1VL-U</*L-G</!.'I2Q-7#T:#A*IBJ6-KT4ZE.J4





MD_#WQ?)KUSK?AF?QAH%P?#7B[2-'\0^'K.YTZQU6\\.:_KF@V6E^(+C2M1U6
MQL=4LM/O+F[TJ[F:TU&UN8I(H]98/$TUB^:DX/`?576B[1GGC8U9X2NH-J



MC@\NP'+2KX/+
;C










MSZ&=
-T/%OBC9I+QHT'G:66OY_[/N!JN&(JRJ+
_9)4_KO$









P\94W6I3A4C0E3I5L/[3#RQ%'$2KQJ8?ZGS'Q!_9S\4^
=


O9F+^NKB-#_8XYO5S:KA^514ZSB

J$ZKHU:<53E)9AF.9SA+V2559AA\5AJN'C



R[&4L/2QM.




1-56YWA[&FZ:E3G4J]I^TS_`
DNL_\`LL'[./\`ZT3\+*\\9]`4
M`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!

ME_\`$OQ+\*-'\7^(M)\9?#+P+X=U+]L'Q7X4\9Z]\4=!O]3T;3-'UU=.V:G#


M)N+J4HQKX_XI.K1AR5)QH?7(XN3C6I+V6&JTI.'MEB


M#2?'VEZ-XN/Q


MGX/\`?$;Q9::MK\.IZGI=QH7A23PWX2O?^$TUJ%](O[R:Q\/_P!I7$.F)%J\





MP7-3Q]++)SYHJA#&XAQCAZ

8JTZF'H*





/C!X$LO#'A#XEZ-\++BX%AJ6EKX9\;:AI6CRS^$-8UR?4KRU\3:



NH8_%0;4I4Z-


MXR$H8C#5Z:Q%50GI6=583Y:5+
6]'@:V`P[JJ2E053'U*4\



-BZW/[/!XJ5
M+6I0JT
3/5(J%:E3QU2?O1]G.6QA/
%*LG[%5


#K0C4A7J9G

=0G3A.
9S==1C4C5?+2EAI4JE%5X8B-6E]-5SD!0`4`?
M/_[3/_)+K/\`[+!^SC_ZT3\+*`/H@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H
M`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`/ASP]\/?&/C\^+#X2\8^&O/_``AG[7/C



M(6(3J9;F&I-4J^+6&Y*LESTZ3PN,P^84^:BG3E44L5A,,II5Z5ZKTXN-2K


Z@86Z=NK1P



(9SK6C6.B_$C3M/32_*\8^)X+;1(KV^S1_V1OO[E





]U\*]8U*+PY
M)\-%\'BST\BA^+-DVO)?-X\-F6]CDTLH&U()`3=P'3XR^K+`OAWF2JK(LS


M-7/0I1A@O[/Q2]MAIX/B/!5/9_N)RI9_B*6(3C)^V4)X2=/E;Y9+$0E9+#R7
M


53J*I7C6R[!

MS_R2ZS_[+!^SC_ZT3\+*`/H@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@
M`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*



4M)+=X[
1QW2W


?J6!Q&85%+JN:AA:L863O5=.
N6$I5(:.
88/&8M







I)N




MT:L90JN


]F\36VL7+:#=FSTXADM9KR


MS7C$\)4S&A2MB
1E-I/$4T^5RQ4,+/$K`89KF]MB8N6'I5U45
:DZ]/#O%



M8X189PMRN&(G.4K4_95O4_$GP@^*7B7X4^%_`=EX3^#O@7PGJ%]JGA;2/_



M'K?VJS#V


M15

?VN6X5I;RY


WB?6[IO%
VHVOAV'0
MM/5KOX4'^V/!1?PU
T\6H^2;;_A







MAZP3Q/H?BFW^&U_?1ZI;?\(G8*^FWOA4P3VFN:A:ZA,7%WVYRL-G&-S_VL


*V%[8W-WH5Q<:9+;:NY5J-6I2A5

M&O7J05XN


M`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%
M`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0!\8^!OB:GPZOO%UB_@OQ?XL;Q_\`M7^/O!=C
M/X6D\&QP:+J=W::?J$-SKO\`PE?C#1)5TXV-AJ4Y?3HM1E`TZ5?)\V6W2XBG
M.

*]6E];:MK^C

I:A<3O%;VUE9P3
MW-U//#;V\4LTR1OA5JQHJGHY3K5:&'HTXV4JN(Q5:GAL-0AS.,?:8C$5:5&F
MI2C%SJ14I15VG2I2JSY(N,$E*<I3GE3ITX1=2I5JU:CC3I4:5.
JE6K4E&G



GBE0;52
MBG]4JT*=5U/K-.@Z*Y



M5[U:=&



MYJFE'EM)2O$G:ZY'.$92INZ7OTY-TYN/-!SC)TYU*?+.4R2C.K!-2C3J5(1
MFKJ-2,)RA&K!-1FJ=:,55IJI&G54)Q56E2J*=..G4B@#Y__`&F?^276?_98

M!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4




MN+6
QV+S%5\/F

^(W6]M*$:KHTZSS;#*D
MUI52AB'5H4Y0IQJ[U%AZZX?J4\3&=A'-)UI4E*;A#





GEF4
'RRKS6$Q]-PH5JUI2QC4J4
M]_U+X`^-['P;\+M#\1






MI8'&\9X+_9P^

MA



*

)!X;+X8B4X1G3AB


_
M\DNL_P#LL'[./_K1/PLH`^@*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H









M@`H`*`/G_P#:9_Y)=9_]E@_9Q_\`6B?A90!]`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`
M%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0
M`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0!\-:':W^JV_C[PZOPPU[XE^&]

NN!9+?2H]0N#!





M]+ZS6G.MB



G0QU#




MZT73++[&[H3++W/'U\9AI9E77L
?Q/*CFF8TJ;DL.ZWLG3PTJ#]K5]OA*U.=
M;

MG&



Y2HJK6CAX5&J=(Z/XE?]FOP!\._$'PD^+-_JFH^!?#




_\
MDNL_^RP?LX_^M$_R@#Z`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`
M@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@`H
M`*`@`H`*`@`H`*`@#Y_\`@#_S6K_LX#XC_P#N&H`^@*`








M[/VK@GI'VGL:7M.6W/[*GS7Y(VOTA!0`4`%`!0`4`?/_`.TS_P`DNL_^RP?L

M`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`4`%`!0`

^(OV
MX



Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;J. Construction in progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Construction in progress represents direct costs of construction or acquisition and design fees incurred. Capitalization of these costs ceases and the construction in progress is transferred to property, plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided until it is completed and ready for intended use.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;R. Government subsidies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;
&lt;div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;8. LAND USE RIGHTS, NET&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;There is no private land ownership in China. Companies or individuals are authorized to possess and use the land only through land use rights granted by the PRC government. Land use rights are amortized using the straight-line method over the lease term of&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;20&lt;/font&gt; to&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;50&lt;/font&gt; years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=70%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Land use rights, cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;11,967&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;11,092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Less: Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;894&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Land use rights, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,198&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;W. Noncontrolling interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;6. PREPAID EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=66%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=66% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=66% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=66% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Prepaid expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=66% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Prepaid other taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;8,105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=66% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Advance to suppliers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=66% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Interest receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=66% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=66% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;18,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=58%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=41%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Buildings and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;-&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;40&lt;/font&gt; years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;renovations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Plant and machinery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;-&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt; years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;-&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt; years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;and furnishings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div class=MetaData&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;E. Restricted cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;

&lt;p&gt; &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=73%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=73% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=73% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=73% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Sheng Zhi Da Dairy Group Corporation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=73% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Honnete Dairy Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,181&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=73% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co. Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,132&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5,987&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=73% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;663&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=73% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5,677&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=70%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Sheng Zhi Da Dairy Group Corporation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Honnete Dairy Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Kelqin Dairy Co. Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=70%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Land use rights, cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;11,967&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;11,092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Less: Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;894&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Land use rights, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=63%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=63% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=31% colspan=5 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year Ended March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=63% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=63% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Honnete Dairy Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,674&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=63% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Kelqin Dairy Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=63% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;480&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=63% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5,262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=63%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=63% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=31% colspan=5 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year Ended March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=63% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=63% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Honnete Dairy Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5,333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=63% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Kelqin Dairy Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=63% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,470&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;9,861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=63% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;693&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=63% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Qingdao Lvyin Waste Disposal Investment Management Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=63% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,538&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;11,797&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Q. Advertising and promotion expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;A. Basis of presentation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (US GAAP). The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. Under that assumption, it is expected that assets will be realized and liabilities will be satisfied in the normal course of business.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;As of March 31, 2013, the Company's current liabilities exceed its current assets by $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;40.0&lt;/font&gt; million and the Company has an asset liability ratio of &lt;font class=_mt&gt;94&lt;/font&gt;%, which is defined as total liabilities divided by total assets. In addition, the Company suffered a loss before income tax expense of $27.0 million and incurred negative cash flows from operations of $5.7 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013. However, the Company regards the going concern assumption as appropriate considering the following mitigating factors:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: SymbolMT
Times New Roman
Times
serif; size=2&gt;&amp;#183; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company believes that the loss from operations for the year ended March 31, 2013 is primarily attributable to the short term effect of a substantial increase in the retail price of the Company's powdered formula products beginning April 1, 2012 and management's rationalization of the Company's sales channel which was initiated in September 2012 and was substantially completed by March 2013. The Company managed to reverse the losses incurred in the six months ended September 30, 2012, with breakeven results from operations in the third quarter and an income from operations in the fourth quarter. In addition, the Company had positive cash flows from operations for the second half of fiscal 2013 of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;41.8&lt;/font&gt; million. The Company has performed a review of its cash flow forecast for the twelve months ending March 31, 2014 and believes that its cash flows from operations will be sufficiently positive for fiscal year 2014 to satisfy its obligations when they fall due.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: SymbolMT
Times New Roman
Times
serif; size=2&gt;&amp;#183; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;For the two months ended May 31, 2013, the Company had repaid short-term bank loans of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;28.1&lt;/font&gt; million and current portion of long-term bank loans of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;16.1&lt;/font&gt; million, had borrowed short-term bank loans of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;28.3&lt;/font&gt; million and long-term bank loans of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;19.6&lt;/font&gt; million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: SymbolMT
Times New Roman
Times
serif; size=2&gt;&amp;#183; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;As of May 31, 2013, the Company had unused committed credit facility of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;18.3&lt;/font&gt; million at its disposal.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br /&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;A. Basis of presentation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (US GAAP). The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. Under that assumption, it is expected that assets will be realized and liabilities will be satisfied in the normal course of business.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;As of March 31, 2013, the Company's current liabilities exceed its current assets by $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;40.0&lt;/font&gt; million and the Company has an asset liability ratio of &lt;font class=_mt&gt;94&lt;/font&gt;%, which is defined as total liabilities divided by total assets. In addition, the Company suffered a loss before income tax expense of $27.0 million and incurred negative cash flows from operations of $5.7 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013. However, the Company regards the going concern assumption as appropriate considering the following mitigating factors:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: SymbolMT
Times New Roman
Times
serif; size=2&gt;&amp;#183; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company believes that the loss from operations for the year ended March 31, 2013 is primarily attributable to the short term effect of a substantial increase in the retail price of the Company's powdered formula products beginning April 1, 2012 and management's rationalization of the Company's sales channel which was initiated in September 2012 and was substantially completed by March 2013. The Company managed to reverse the losses incurred in the six months ended September 30, 2012, with breakeven results from operations in the third quarter and an income from operations in the fourth quarter. In addition, the Company had positive cash flows from operations for the second half of fiscal 2013 of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;41.8&lt;/font&gt; million. The Company has performed a review of its cash flow forecast for the twelve months ending March 31, 2014 and believes that its cash flows from operations will be sufficiently positive for fiscal year 2014 to satisfy its obligations when they fall due.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: SymbolMT
Times New Roman
Times
serif; size=2&gt;&amp;#183; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;For the two months ended May 31, 2013, the Company had repaid short-term bank loans of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;28.1&lt;/font&gt; million and current portion of long-term bank loans of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;16.1&lt;/font&gt; million, had borrowed short-term bank loans of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;28.3&lt;/font&gt; million and long-term bank loans of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;19.6&lt;/font&gt; million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: SymbolMT
Times New Roman
Times
serif; size=2&gt;&amp;#183; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;As of May 31, 2013, the Company had unused committed credit facility of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;18.3&lt;/font&gt; million at its disposal.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br /&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Based on the above factors, management believes that adequate sources of liquidity will exist to fund the Company's working capital and capital expenditure requirements, and to meet its short term debt obligations, other liabilities and commitments as they become due. Accordingly, management believes the Company will continue as a going concern.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;B. Basis of consolidation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Synutra International, Inc. and its subsidiaries, its consolidated variable interest entity, Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co., Ltd., its subsidiaries and Heilongjiang Shengyuan Huiren Clinical Examination Co., Ltd., (Collectively the VIEs), in which it has a controlling financial interest. A controlling financial interest is typically determined when a company holds a majority of the voting equity interest in an entity.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;US GAAP provides guidance on the identification and financial reporting for entities over which control is achieved through means other than voting interests, which requires certain VIEs to be consolidated by the primary beneficiary of the entity if the equity investors in the entity do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest or do not have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties. Through the contractual arrangements between the Company and the VIEs, the Company controls the operating activities and holds all the beneficial interests of the VIEs and has been determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIEs. The Company has concluded that such contractual arrangements are legally enforceable. The operations associated with the consolidated VIEs are insignificant and hold deminimis assets and liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Net income or loss of a subsidiary is attributed to the Company and to the noncontrolling interests either on the basis of relative ownership interest or in accordance with contractual agreements that specify a different allocation, such as in the case of VIEs. Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Company's equity therein.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt; &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;u&gt;&lt;font color=#0000ff size=1 class=_mt&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;C. Use of estimates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates. Significant accounting estimates reflected in the Company's consolidated financial statements include allowance for doubtful accounts, inventory valuation, accrued consumer loyalty program obligations, sales rebates, the useful lives of and impairment for property and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets, impairment of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets, valuation allowance for deferred tax assets and provision for uncertain tax position.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;D. Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and highly liquid investments which are unrestricted as to withdrawal or use, and which have original maturities of three months or less when purchased.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;E. Restricted cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;

&lt;p&gt; &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Restricted cash are bank demand deposits used as security against letter of credits and short-term and long-term borrowings.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;F. Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Accounts receivable are recognized and carried at the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectable amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. The Company performs risk assessments for each customer, and provides a specific allowance for those deemed to have high risk of collectability. The Company also records provision for other customers without specific risks by reviewing the aging of the receivables. Bad debts are written off as incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;G. Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is calculated on the weighted-average basis and includes all costs to acquire and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. The Company evaluates the market for its inventories on a regular basis and records a provision for loss to reduce the computed weighted-average cost if it exceeds market. Potential losses from obsolete and slow-moving inventories are recorded when identified.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt; &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;H. Property, plant and equipment, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost. The cost of repairs and maintenance is expensed as incurred; major replacements and improvements are capitalized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;When assets are retired or disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and any resulting gains or losses are included in income in the year of disposition.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets or, when applicable, the life of the lease, whichever is shorter. The useful lives for property, plant and equipment are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=58%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=41%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Buildings and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;-&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;40&lt;/font&gt; years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;renovations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Plant and machinery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;-&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt; years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;-&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt; years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;and furnishings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;I. Leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Leases are classified as capital or operating leases. A lease that transfers to the lessee substantially all the benefits and risks incidental to ownership is classified as a capital lease. At inception, a capital lease is recorded at present value of minimum lease payments or the fair value of the asset, whichever is less. Assets under capital leases are amortized on a basis consistent with that of similar fixed assets or the lease term, whichever is shorter. Operating lease costs are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;J. Construction in progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Construction in progress represents direct costs of construction or acquisition and design fees incurred. Capitalization of these costs ceases and the construction in progress is transferred to property, plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided until it is completed and ready for intended use.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;No interest was capitalized for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt; &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;K. Impairment of long-lived assets and costs associated with exit activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When these events occur, the Company measures impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flow is less than the carrying amount of the assets, the Company would recognize an impairment loss based on the fair value of the assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT
Times New Roman
Times
serif; color=#0000ff size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;L. Impairment of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Goodwill is tested for impairment using a two-step process on an annual basis or when current facts or circumstances indicate that a potential impairment may exist. The first step compares the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets. If the fair value of each reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not considered to be impaired and the second step will not be required. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step compares the implied fair value of goodwill to the carrying value of a reporting unit's goodwill. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in a manner similar to accounting for a business combination with the allocation of the assessed fair value determined in the first step to the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit. The excess of the fair value of the reporting unit over the amounts assigned to the assets and liabilities is the implied fair value of goodwill. This allocation process is only performed for purposes of evaluating goodwill impairment and does not result in an entry to adjust the value of any assets or liabilities. An impairment loss is recognized for any excess in the carrying value of goodwill over the implied fair value of goodwill.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Intangible assets with an indefinite life are tested for impairment on an annual basis or when current facts or circumstances indicate that a potential impairment may exist. The impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair value of the intangible asset to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment loss is recognized equal in amount to that excess.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Management performs its annual impairment test for goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite life on March 31. In fiscal year ended March 31, 2013 and 2012, no intangible assets were impaired. In fiscal year ended March 31, 2011, the Company recorded impairment loss of goodwill and definite-lived intangible assets of $1.4 million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt; million, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;M. Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Current income taxes are provided for in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to the Company as enacted by the relevant tax authorities. Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred taxes are determined based upon differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities at currently enacted statutory tax rates for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. Net operating losses are carried forward and credited by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years. A valuation allowance is provided on deferred tax assets to the extent that it is more likely than not that such deferred tax assets will not be realized. The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are individually classified as current and non-current based on the characteristics of the underlying assets and liabilities, or the expected timing of their use when they do not relate to a specific asset or liability.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company recognizes the impact of an uncertain income tax position at the largest amount that is more-likely-than not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant tax authority. Income tax related interest is classified as interest expenses and penalties as income tax expense.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt; &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;N. Foreign currency translation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The functional currency and reporting currency of Synutra International, Inc. and Synutra Illinois are United States Dollar (US Dollar). Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the US dollar are translated into US dollar at the rates of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. Transactions in currencies other than the US dollar during the year are converted into the US dollar at the applicable rates of exchange prevailing on the day transactions occurred. Transaction gains and losses are recognized in the statement of operations. Transaction gains or losses were $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;840,000&lt;/font&gt; gain, $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt; million gain, and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;642,000&lt;/font&gt; gain for the year ended March 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively and are recorded in other income (expense), net.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The financial records of the Company's PRC subsidiaries are maintained in Renminbi (RMB), and the financial records of the Company's Netherland subsidiary are maintained in Euro (EUR), which are their functional currencies. Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rates at the balance sheet date, equity accounts are translated at historical exchange rates and revenues, expenses, gains and losses are translated using the average rate for the year. Translation adjustments are reported as cumulative translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component of the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT
Times New Roman
Times
serif; color=#0000ff size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;O. Revenue recognition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company recognizes revenue when title and risk and rewards for the products are transferred to the customer, price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. At the time of sale, the Company also records estimates for a variety of sales deductions, including value added taxes, rebates, discounts and incentives, trade promotions and product returns. Sales deductions are reported as a reduction of revenue. Most of the Company's nutritional product sales are made through distributors. Under the distributor arrangement, evidenced by purchase order, sales revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the distributors. The revenue recognition of My Angel series, which is directly sold to baby stores, is similar to that of distributor sales, and the sales revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the baby stores. The Company applies this revenue recognition policy uniformly to all nutritional products, including all dairy-based pediatric and adult nutritional products.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;A small fraction of the Company's nutritional product sales are through supermarket retailers directly. The Company's revenue arrangement with some of these retailers includes a right of return clause. The Company's price to the supermarkets is fixed. The supermarkets' obligation to the Company would not be changed in the event of theft or physical destruction or damage of the product. The Company recognizes revenue when the supermarkets have paid the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company's gross sales are subject to various deductions, primarily comprised of rebates and discounts to distributors and retailers. These deductions represent estimates of the related obligations, requiring the use of judgment when estimating the impact of these sales deductions on gross sales for a reporting period. The Company reports these adjustments as a reduction of gross sales to arrive at net sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company provides discounts or rebates to customers in the following ways:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br /&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;

&lt;li&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company offers product discounts to compensate certain distributors for promotional expenses&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;and slotting fees paid by them. These distributors are responsible for organizing local promotional&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;activities and paying slotting fees to retail outlets within their sales territory, and providing the&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Company with documentation of their expenditures, which would be recorded as product discounts&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;and a reduction of the receivable from distributors in the applicable month.&lt;/font&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company offers rebates to other distributors and supermarket retailers as sales incentives.&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;These rebate programs provide that distributors and supermarket retailers receive a rebate after&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;attaining certain amount of orders relating to specific products. Since rebates are contractually&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;agreed upon, the Company estimates rebates based on the specific terms in each agreement and&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;anticipated performance for the current year. The Company considers the sales performance of&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;products subject to rebates and applicable rebate rate, and adjusts the provision periodically to&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;reflect actual experience. Actual amounts may differ if actual performance varies from estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company records rebates as a reduction of revenues in the year in which these programs are&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;offered.&lt;/font&gt; &lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Slotting fees and estimated sales returns due to package damage are also deductions from gross sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;

&lt;li&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;For product sales made directly to supermarket retailers, certain slotting fees, such as shelf display,&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;end-cap placement, bar-coding, banner advertising, are paid to the supermarket retailers. These&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;slotting fees are deducted from revenues.&lt;/font&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company records a provision for estimated sales returns due to package damage. The sales&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;return amount represents management's best estimates based on the available information at the&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;time of estimate.&lt;/font&gt; &lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p&gt; &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT
Times New Roman
Times
serif; color=#0000ff size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;P. Shipping and handling costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred and outbound freight is not billed to customers. Shipping and handling costs are included in selling and distribution expenses. The costs were $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;3.9&lt;/font&gt; million, $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;5.3&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;4.4&lt;/font&gt; million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Q. Advertising and promotion expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Advertising and promotion expenses are expensed as incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;R. Government subsidies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Government subsidies for revenue and/or expenses should be recognized in income when the related revenue and/or expense are recorded. Government subsidies related to property, plant and equipment are deferred and amortized in a manner consistent with the depreciation expense of the related assets over the useful lives of these assets. Government subsidies relating to specific borrowings are recorded as an offset to the interest expense over the term of these borrowings. Unrestricted government subsidies from local governmental agencies allowing the Company full discretion in the fund utilization were $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;4.2&lt;/font&gt; million, $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;5.5&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt; million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, which were recorded in government subsidy in the consolidated statements of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;S. Employee's benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Mandatory contributions are made to the government's health, retirement benefit and unemployment schemes at the statutory rates in force during the period, based on gross salary payments. The cost of these payments is charged to the statements of operation in the same period as the related salary cost.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt; &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;T. Earnings (loss) per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to holders of common stock by the weighted average number of common stock outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings (loss) per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. Common stock equivalents are excluded from the computation in loss periods and in periods when the average market price of the common stock exceeds the exercise price of the securities or other contracts to issue common stocks as their effects would be anti-dilutive.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;U. Comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Comprehensive income (loss) is defined to include all changes in equity of the Company during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners, including adjustments to accumulated foreign currency translation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt; &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;V. Concentration of credit risk&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Financial instruments that potentially expose the Company to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, due from related parties, prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets. All of the Company's cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash are held with financial institutions that the Company believes to be high credit quality.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;W. Noncontrolling interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The noncontrolling interest represents the portion of the equity interest in the subsidiaries, Baoquanling and Meitek, not directly or indirectly attributable to the Company. The noncontrolling interest reported as equity in the consolidated financial statements, it also reported the consolidated net income at amounts that include the amounts attributable to both the parent and the noncontrolling interest on the face of the consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT
Times New Roman
Times
serif; color=#0000ff size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;X. Fair value measurement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. The fair value measurement guidance provides a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. A financial instrument's categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Level 1 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets that the management has the ability to access at the measurement date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset (i.e., interest rates, yield curves, etc.), and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market corroborated inputs).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Level 3 inputs include unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that reflect management's assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset. The management develops these inputs based on the best information available, including their own data.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Y. Financial Instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The carrying value of financial instruments including cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, receivable from assets disposal, other current assets, other assets, accounts payable, advance from customers, short-term debt, long-term debt due within one year, other current liabilities and due to and from related parties, approximates their fair value at March 31, 2013 due to the relatively short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying value of long-term debt, capital lease obligations and other long-term liabilities approximates its fair value as their interest rates are at the same level of the current market yield for comparable loans.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p&gt; &lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Z. Recently issued accounting pronouncements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;In July 2012, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB) has issued an authoritative pronouncement related to testing indefinite-lived intangible assets, other than goodwill, for impairment. Under the pronouncement, entities testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment would have the option of performing a qualitative assessment before calculating the fair value of the asset. If an entity determines, on the basis of qualitative factors, that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is not more likely than not impaired, a quantitative fair value calculation would not be needed. The amendments are effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15, 2012 with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this ASU is not expected to have a significant effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;In February 2013, the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-02, Reporting Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income. ASU No. 2013-02 requires companies to provide additional information about the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component. In addition, companies are required to present, either on the face of the financial statements or in the notes, significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income. The amendments are effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2012. This ASU does not change the requirements for reporting net income or other comprehensive income. Because the standard only affects the presentation of comprehensive income and does not affect what is included in comprehensive income, the adoption of this ASU is not expected to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;D. Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;
&lt;div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;15. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;A. Purchase commitments and Capital commitments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;As of March 31, 2013, the Company had outstanding commitments of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;611,000&lt;/font&gt; for advertising purchases, and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;17.8&lt;/font&gt; million for milk powder, whey protein, imported Dutch Cow brand products and imported Super brand products within the next twelve months.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;As of March 31, 2013, the Company's capital purchase commitments amounted to $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt; million mainly in relation to manufacturing equipment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;On September 17, 2012, the Company entered into a partnership framework agreement, a milk supply agreement, a whey supply agreement, a whey powder supply agreement, and a technical assistance agreement with Sodiaal Union, a French agricultural cooperative company (Sodiaal), and/or Euroserum SAS (Euroserum), a French subsidiary of Sodiaal, relating to a long-term industrial and commercial partnership between Sodiaal and the Company. Under these agreements, the Company undertakes to build a new drying facility in Carhaix, France, intended to manufacture powdered milk and fat-enriched demineralized whey. Pursuant to the partnership framework agreement, the operational commissioning of the new drying facility will take place no later than January 2, 2015. In the event of a delay beyond January 2, 2015 and save for limited exceptions, the Company undertakes to compensate, according to the circumstance, Sodiaal or Euroserum for the loss incurred as a result of such delay. The loss incurred by Sodiaal or Euroserum in case of a delay of the operational commissioning of the new drying facility beyond January 2, 2015 shall amount to the loss of profits actually suffered, as the case may be, by Sodiaal or Euroserum under the milk supply agreement or the whey supply agreement. The estimated cost to build the facility is &amp;#128;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;90&lt;/font&gt; million (approximately $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;117&lt;/font&gt; million). The Company plans to finance a majority of the cost with long-term project financing, and the remaining part of the project with cash on hand and operating cash flow. The Company committed to purchase, and Sodiaal and Euroserum committed to sell,&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;288&lt;/font&gt; million liters of milk per year for&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;ten&lt;/font&gt; years, an amount of whey equivalent to&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;24,000&lt;/font&gt; tons of 70% demineralized pre-concentrated dry whey extract per year for&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;ten&lt;/font&gt; years, and&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;6,000&lt;/font&gt; tons of 70% demineralized whey powder per year, or an equivalent quantity of liquid whey, for&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;ten&lt;/font&gt; years, at market based prices at the time of purchase, to satisfy the production needs of the new &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;drying facility. If the Company purchases less than the agreed amount, the Company would compensate Sodiaal or Euroserum for the loss suffered. On March 20, 2013, the Company received the required approvals from China's National Development and Reform Commission and Ministry of Commerce for the project. As of June 13, 2013, the Company is in the process of obtaining approval from the French government in connection with this project and negotiating borrowing terms with certain banks. The Company expects the construction will start in fiscal 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;As the cost to build the facility in the next several years and the price of raw milk and whey in the next ten years can not be predicted with precision, the building cost and purchase commitment of new drying facility was not included in the above purchase commitment and capital commitment disclosure.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;B. Operating lease commitments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company leases certain land use right, office facilities and certain warehouses under non-cancellable operating leases. The operating lease commitments of the Company at March 31, 2013 are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=83%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=83% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=83% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Ending&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=83% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=83% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=83% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=83% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=83% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=83% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=83% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2019 and thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;49,709&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=83% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;58,205&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The operating lease expense for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 were $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt; million, $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;1.3&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;2.9&lt;/font&gt; million, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;C. Legal proceedings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;S. Employee's benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;17. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;U. Comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;V. Concentration of credit risk&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;
&lt;div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL, INC.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;ADDITIONAL INFORMATION - FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE I FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PARENT COMPANY&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;BALANCE SHEETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(Dollars and shares in thousands, except per share data)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=71%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=71% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=71% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Current Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;774&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=97% colspan=7&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Due from subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;57,411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;66,824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Investments in subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;41,642&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,266&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,382&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;TOTAL ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;59,754&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;110,714&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=97% colspan=7&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;LIABILITIES AND EQUITY&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Current Liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Long-term debt due within one year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,673&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,533&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Due to subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,724&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other long-term liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;24,731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,290&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;30,988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;14,687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=97% colspan=7&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Equity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Common stockholders' equity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Common stock, $.0001 par value: 250,000 authorized; 57,301 and 57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;issued and outstanding at March 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Additional paid-in capital&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;135,440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;135,440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Accumulated deficit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(135,508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(71,620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;28,828&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;32,201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;28,766&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;96,027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=71% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;59,754&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;110,714&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PARENT COMPANY STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(Dollars in thousands, except per share data)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=60%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=60% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=33% colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year Ended March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=60% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=60% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Operating expenses:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=60% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;General and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,280&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,009&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=60% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Loss from operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,280&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,009&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(213
234
234); width=97% colspan=9&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=60% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;654&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=60% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Interest income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=60% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other income, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=60% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Gain on disposal and liquidation of subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=60% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Equity in income (loss) of subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(65,893&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;17,168&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(38,678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=60% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(63,888&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;16,737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(40,068&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(255
255
255); width=97% colspan=9&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=60% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Weighted average common stock outstanding &amp;#8211; basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;56,476&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=60% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Earnings (loss) per share-basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(1.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(0.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PARENT COMPANY STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (Dollars in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=62%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=62% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=33% colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year Ended March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=62% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=62% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(63,888&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;16,737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(40,068&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=62% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other comprehensive income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 7px; bgcolor=#d5eaea width=62% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Currency translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 7px; width=62% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Reclassification of currency translation adjustments realized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 7px; width=62% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;upon disposal and liquidation of subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(3,141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=62% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other comprehensive income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(3,373&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=62% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(67,261&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;20,734&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(35,879&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;u&gt;&lt;font color=#0000ff size=1 class=_mt style=font-family: Times New Roman;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PARENT COMPANY STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=59%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=59% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=38% colspan=7 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year Ended March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=59% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Cash flow from operating activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(63,888&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;16,737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(40,068&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;operating activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Equity in (income) loss of subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;65,893&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(17,168&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;38,678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Gain on disposal and liquidation of subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(3,625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Amortization of debt issuance costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;115&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Changes in assets and liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Due from subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(18,103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;475&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(1,155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,557&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Due to subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(8,665&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(536&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,525&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;117&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other long term liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(1,290&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;387&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(27,943&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,894&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(1,125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(255
255
255); width=101% colspan=10&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Cash flow from investing activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Proceeds from disposal and liquidation of subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;28,246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Capital injection at subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(10,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(22,250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;28,246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(10,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(22,250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(213
234
234); width=101% colspan=10&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Cash flow from financing activities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Repayment of long-term loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(1,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(35,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Proceeds from issuance of common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;62,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Issuance costs for common stock issuance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(3,866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(1,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;23,834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Net change in cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;303&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;459&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;774&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;421&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Cash and cash equivalents, end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;774&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Note to Schedule I&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The parent company financial statements have been prepared using the same accounting principles and policies described in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, with the only exception being that the company accounts for its subsidiaries using the equity method. Please refer to the notes to the consolidated financial statements presented above for additional information and disclosures with respect to these financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;B. Basis of consolidation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Synutra International, Inc. and its subsidiaries, its consolidated variable interest entity, Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co., Ltd., its subsidiaries and Heilongjiang Shengyuan Huiren Clinical Examination Co., Ltd., (Collectively the VIEs), in which it has a controlling financial interest. A controlling financial interest is typically determined when a company holds a majority of the voting equity interest in an entity.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;US GAAP provides guidance on the identification and financial reporting for entities over which control is achieved through means other than voting interests, which requires certain VIEs to be consolidated by the primary beneficiary of the entity if the equity investors in the entity do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest or do not have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties. Through the contractual arrangements between the Company and the VIEs, the Company controls the operating activities and holds all the beneficial interests of the VIEs and has been determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIEs. The Company has concluded that such contractual arrangements are legally enforceable. The operations associated with the consolidated VIEs are insignificant and hold deminimis assets and liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10. DEBT&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;As of March 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company had short-term debt from banks in the amount of $127.4 million and $86.6 million, respectively. The maturity dates of the short-term debt outstanding range from&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;April 2013&lt;/font&gt; to &lt;font class=_mt&gt;March 2014&lt;/font&gt;. The weighted average interest rate on short-term debt outstanding at March 31, 2013 and 2012 was &lt;font class=_mt&gt;3.8&lt;/font&gt;% and &lt;font class=_mt&gt;5.7&lt;/font&gt;%, respectively. Certain portion of these debts use floating interest rates, which are calculated based on the benchmark lending interest rate published by China's central bank or on LIBOR. The short-term debt at March 31, 2013 and 2012 were secured by the pledge of certain inventory purchased under letter of credit of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;26.4&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;25.0&lt;/font&gt; million, respectively; the pledge of certain fixed assets totaling $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;13.4&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;5.6&lt;/font&gt; million, respectively; the pledge of the Company's land use right of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;5.4&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt; million, respectively; and the pledge of restricted cash deposits of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;33.0&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;15.8&lt;/font&gt; million, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;As of March 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company had long-term debt, including current portion, from banks in the amount of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;184.8&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;130.7&lt;/font&gt; million, respectively. The maturity dates of the long-term debt outstanding range from&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;May 2013&lt;/font&gt; to &lt;font class=_mt&gt;June 2015&lt;/font&gt;. The weighted average interest rate of outstanding long-term debt at March 31, 2013 and 2012 was &lt;font class=_mt&gt;5.6&lt;/font&gt;% and &lt;font class=_mt&gt;6.6&lt;/font&gt;%, respectively. Certain portion of these debts use floating interest rates, which are calculated based on the benchmark lending &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;interest rate published by China's central bank or on LIBOR. The indebtedness at March 31, 2013 and 2012 was secured by the pledge of certain fixed assets of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;15.3&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;17.4&lt;/font&gt; million, respectively; the pledge of land use right of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt; million, respectively; and the pledge of restricted cash deposits of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;41.2&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;21.0&lt;/font&gt; million, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;As of March 31, 2013, the Company had a long-term loan due within one year from a related party of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;2.9&lt;/font&gt; million. The maturity date of the long-term related party loan principal and interest will be in &lt;font class=_mt&gt;November 2013&lt;/font&gt;. The interest rate of the long-term loan at March 31, 2013 and 2012 was &lt;font class=_mt&gt;10.0&lt;/font&gt;%. The interest expense of related party loans for the year ended March 31, 2013 and 2012 were $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;286,000&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;336,000&lt;/font&gt;, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Maturities on long-term debt, including current and non-current portion, subject to mandatory redemption are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=70%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=4%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=25%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=4% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=25% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=4% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=25% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Ending&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=4% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=25% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=4% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=25% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;82,663&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=4% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=25% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;88,605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=4% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=25% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=66%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=66% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=66% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=66% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Prepaid expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=66% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Prepaid other taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;8,105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=66% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Advance to suppliers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=66% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Interest receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=66% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=66% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;18,404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;T. Earnings (loss) per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;
&lt;div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;14. EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;For purposes of calculating basic and diluted earnings per share, the Company used the following weighted average common stocks outstanding:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=59%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=59% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=39% colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year Ended March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands except for per share data)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(63,888&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;16,737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(40,068&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Weighted average common stock outstanding &amp;#8211; basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;56,476&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Earnings (loss) per share &amp;#8211; basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(1.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(0.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;X. Fair value measurement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. The fair value measurement guidance provides a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. A financial instrument's categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Level 1 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets that the management has the ability to access at the measurement date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset (i.e., interest rates, yield curves, etc.), and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market corroborated inputs).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Y. Financial Instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;N. Foreign currency translation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The functional currency and reporting currency of Synutra International, Inc. and Synutra Illinois are United States Dollar (US Dollar). Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the US dollar are translated into US dollar at the rates of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. Transactions in currencies other than the US dollar during the year are converted into the US dollar at the applicable rates of exchange prevailing on the day transactions occurred. Transaction gains and losses are recognized in the statement of operations. Transaction gains or losses were $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;840,000&lt;/font&gt; gain, $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt; million gain, and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;642,000&lt;/font&gt; gain for the year ended March 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively and are recorded in other income (expense), net.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;L. Impairment of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Goodwill is tested for impairment using a two-step process on an annual basis or when current facts or circumstances indicate that a potential impairment may exist. The first step compares the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets. If the fair value of each reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not considered to be impaired and the second step will not be required. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step compares the implied fair value of goodwill to the carrying value of a reporting unit's goodwill. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in a manner similar to accounting for a business combination with the allocation of the assessed fair value determined in the first step to the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit. The excess of the fair value of the reporting unit over the amounts assigned to the assets and liabilities is the implied fair value of goodwill. This allocation process is only performed for purposes of evaluating goodwill impairment and does not result in an entry to adjust the value of any assets or liabilities. An impairment loss is recognized for any excess in the carrying value of goodwill over the implied fair value of goodwill.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Intangible assets with an indefinite life are tested for impairment on an annual basis or when current facts or circumstances indicate that a potential impairment may exist. The impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair value of the intangible asset to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment loss is recognized equal in amount to that excess.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;K. Impairment of long-lived assets and costs associated with exit activities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;
&lt;div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;13. INCOME TAXES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;A. Tax law of each tax jurisdiction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldItalicMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Under the federal and state income tax laws of United States, the Company is subject to tax on its income or capital gains. The applicable rate is &lt;font class=_mt&gt;34&lt;/font&gt;% for fiscal year 2013, 2012 and 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldItalicMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Netherlands&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company's subsidiary incorporated in the Netherlands is subject to Netherland's profit tax. The applicable rate is &lt;font class=_mt&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;% on the first EUR&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;200,000&lt;/font&gt; of taxable profits. For taxable profits exceeding EUR 200,000, the applicable rate is &lt;font class=_mt&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;% for fiscal year 2013, fiscal year 2012 and fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011, and &lt;font class=_mt&gt;25.5&lt;/font&gt;% for first, second and third quarter of fiscal year 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldItalicMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Hong Kong&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company's subsidiary in Hong Kong is subject to profit tax at &lt;font class=_mt&gt;16.5&lt;/font&gt;% on assessable income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldItalicMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;China&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;On March 16, 2007, the National People's Congress of the PRC approved and promulgated the new Enterprise Income Tax Law (EIT Law), which took effect beginning January 1, 2008. Under the new EIT law, foreign investment enterprises and domestic companies are subject to a uniform tax rate of &lt;font class=_mt&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;%. The new tax law provides a transition period from its effective date for certain qualifying enterprises which were established before the promulgation date of the new tax law and which were entitled to certain preferential lower tax rate or tax holiday under the then effective tax laws or regulations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Some of the Company's PRC subsidiaries are eligible under the transition rules to continue enjoying tax holidays or reduced tax rate until expiration. The following table illustrates the applicable tax rate and tax holidays of major PRC subsidiaries under the new EIT Law:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=41%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=16%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=42%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=41% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Statutory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=42% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=41% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Tax Rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=42% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=41% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beginning&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=42% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=41% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;January 1,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=42% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 14px; width=41% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Name of Subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2008&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=42% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Tax Holiday (based on calendar year)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=41% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;25&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=41% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Zhangjiakou Chahaer Dairy Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;25&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3 years tax at 12.5% (2008-10)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=41% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;25&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2 years tax exempt (2008, 2009); 3 years tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=41% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=16% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;at 12.5% (2010-12)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=41% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Inner Mongolia Mengyuan Food Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;25&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=41% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;25&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2 years tax exempt (2008, 2009); 3 years tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=41% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=16% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;at 12.5% (2010-12)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=41% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Shengyuan Huiliduo Food&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;25&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=41% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Technology Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=16% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=42% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=41% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;25&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=41% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Service Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=16% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=41% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Global Food Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;25&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;20% (2009), 22% (2010), 24% (2011), 25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=41% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=16% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(2012&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;In accordance with the EIT Law, dividends which arise from profits of foreign invested enterprises (FIEs) earned after January 1, 2008 are subject to a &lt;font class=_mt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;% withholding tax. In addition, under the tax arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, if the foreign investor is incorporated in Hong Kong and qualifies as the beneficial owner, the applicable withholding tax rate is reduced from &lt;font class=_mt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;% to &lt;font class=_mt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;%, if the investor holds at least &lt;font class=_mt&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;% in the FIE. A deferred tax liability should be recognized for the undistributed profits of PRC companies unless the Company has sufficient evidence to demonstrate that the undistributed dividends will be permanently reinvested. As of March 31, 2013, all earnings generated in China and Hong Kong are intended to be permanently reinvested and as a result, the Company did not record any deferred tax liability on such undistributed earnings.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;B. Components of income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;For financial reporting purposes, income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) includes the following components:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=49%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=49% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=41% colspan=7 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year Ended March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=49% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=49% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(3,045&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(1,669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=49% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Holland&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=49% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Hong Kong&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,808&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=49% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;PRC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(25,462&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;26,902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(47,789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=49% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(27,035&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;30,534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(49,566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;C. Reconciliation from the statutory income tax rate to reported amount of income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The income tax expense (benefit) reconciled to the tax expense (benefit) computed at the US statutory rate was approximately as follows for the years ended March 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=58%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=58% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=32% colspan=7 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year Ended March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=58% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=58% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Income tax expense (benefit) at US federal statutory rate of 34%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(9,192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,382&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(16,853&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=58% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Foreign tax rate differential&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(2,593&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=58% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;PRC tax holiday effect&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=58% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;46,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,984&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=58% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;157&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=58% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Effect of tax refund&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=58% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Effect of change in tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(1,441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=58% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Nondeductible items&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,037&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=58% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;37,186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;13,510&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(9,306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Some of the Company's PRC subsidiaries are eligible for tax holidays. The impact of these tax holidays decreased PRC tax benefit by $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;307,000&lt;/font&gt; for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013, decreased PRC tax benefit by $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;71,000&lt;/font&gt; for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012, and decreased PRC tax expense by $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;42,000&lt;/font&gt; for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2011. The benefit of the tax holidays on both basic and diluted loss per share was $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;, nearly &lt;font class=_mt&gt;zero&lt;/font&gt;, and nearly&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;zero&lt;/font&gt; for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;D. Deferred tax assets by type of temporary difference, credits and change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company's net deferred tax assets are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=70%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Deferred tax assets &amp;#8211; current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Inventory write-down&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,377&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,240&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Acquisition of assets under fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Net operating loss carryforward&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;11,659&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;677&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Bad debt provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,073&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Accrued rebate and sales discount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;12,556&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;6,726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Tax credits carryforward for PRC equipment purchases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;188&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Subtotal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;29,730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;22,721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(29,730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(4,894&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;17,827&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(213
234
234); width=96% colspan=7&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Deferred tax assets &amp;#8211; non current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Net operating loss carryforward&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;25,487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;25,527&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Acquisition of assets under fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Long-lived assets write-down&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;506&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Bad debt provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;959&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,081&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;207&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Subtotal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;27,241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;27,602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(27,241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(8,695&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;18,907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;&lt;strong&gt;&lt;u&gt;&lt;font color=#0000ff size=1 class=_mt style=font-family: Times New Roman;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/strong&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The net change during the year in the total valuation allowance is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=66%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=66% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=66% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=66% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Balance at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;13,589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=66% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Additions during the year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;46,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=66% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Releases during the year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(3,318&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=66% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Balance at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;56,971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;13,589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company considers positive and negative evidence to determine whether some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will more likely than not be realized. This assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of recent losses, forecasts of future profitability, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, the Company's experience with tax attributes expiring unused and tax planning alternatives. Valuation allowances have been established for deferred tax assets based on a more likely than not threshold. The Company's ability to realize deferred tax assets depends on its ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward periods provided for under the tax law. The Company considers the following possible sources of taxable income when assessing the realization of deferred tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;

&lt;li&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences;&lt;/font&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;further taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards;&lt;/font&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;future taxable income arising from implementing tax planning strategies.&lt;/font&gt; &lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;At March 31, 2013, the net operating loss carryforward of Synutra Illinois and Synutra International, Inc., which file a consolidated tax return, is approximately $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;13.6&lt;/font&gt; million, which expires in &lt;font class=_mt&gt;2029&lt;/font&gt;. Subject to the federal income tax rate of &lt;font class=_mt&gt;34&lt;/font&gt;%, the tax benefit is $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;4.6&lt;/font&gt; million. Synutra Illinois and Synutra International, Inc. do not have enough profit in the foreseeable future to realize the tax benefit. As a result, the Company believes that it is more likely than not that the benefit from the net operating loss carryforward of Synutra Illinois and Synutra International, Inc. will not be realized. In recognizing this risk, the Company has fully provided a valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets of Synutra Illinois and Synutra International, Inc. If or when recognized, the tax benefits relating to any reversal of the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets at March 31, 2013 will be recognized as a reduction of income tax expense.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;At March 31, 2013, the net operating loss carryforward of PRC subsidiaries is $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;129.5&lt;/font&gt; million which expires in&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt; at the latest, and the deferred tax asset is $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;32.4&lt;/font&gt; million. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that the benefit from the net operating loss carryforward of these PRC subsidiaries will not be realized. In recognizing this risk, the Company has fully provided a valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets relating to the net operating loss carryforward of these PRC subsidiaries. If or when recognized, the tax benefits relating to any reversal of the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets at March 31, 2013 will be recognized as a reduction of income tax expense.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Deductible tax credits carryforward for PRC equipment purchases expired in calendar year 2012. As a result, the Company has derecognized deferred tax assets related to these tax credits carryforward for PRC equipment purchases.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company disposed and liquidated certain subsidiaries in fiscal year 2013. As a result, the Company derecognized deferred tax assets and released valuation allowance related to these subsidiaries.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;E. Significant components of income tax expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Income taxes for the PRC subsidiaries are calculated on a separate entity basis. Each of the Company's PRC subsidiaries files stand-alone tax returns. The income tax expense for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 are summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=48%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=48% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=38% colspan=7 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year Ended March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=48% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=48% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Current tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 2px; width=48% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;- Netherlands&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;89&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 2px; bgcolor=#d5eaea width=48% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;- PRC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;735&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;110&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=48% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Subtotal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;178&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=90% colspan=10&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=48% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Uncertain tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 2px; bgcolor=#d5eaea width=48% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;- PRC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;157&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=48% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Subtotal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;157&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=90% colspan=10&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=48% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Deferred tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=48% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;- PRC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;36,553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;13,834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(9,441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=48% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Subtotal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;36,553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;13,834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(9,441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=48% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;37,186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;13,510&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(9,306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;F. Uncertain tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company made its assessment of the level of authority for each tax position (including the potential application of interests and penalties) based on the technical merits, and has measured the unrecognized benefits associated with the tax positions. These liabilities are recorded in other long term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. The Company recognizes the liability for unrecognized tax benefits, and the associated interest and penalties within the income tax expense line in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The Company does not anticipate any significant increases or decreases to its liability for unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The following is a tabular reconciliation of the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits for the years presented:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=51%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=51% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=51% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=51% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Balance at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;697&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,199&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,042&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=51% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Additions in the current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;157&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=51% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Release in the current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(557&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=51% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Balance at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;506&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;697&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,199&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The reduction of the uncertain tax position of $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;206,000&lt;/font&gt; in the fiscal year 2013 is related to the tax de-registration of a subsidiary, Heilongjiang Mingshan Dairy Co., Ltd. The balance of unrecognized tax benefits at March 31, 2013, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;According to PRC Tax Administration and Collection Law, the statute of limitations is&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;three&lt;/font&gt; years if the underpayment of taxes is due to computational errors made by the taxpayer or withholding agent. The statute of limitations will be extended to&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt&gt;five&lt;/font&gt; years under special circumstances, which are not clearly defined (but an underpayment of tax liability exceeding RMB&lt;font class=_mt&gt;100,000&lt;/font&gt; is specifically listed as a special circumstance). In the case of a related party transaction, the statute of limitations is ten years. There is no statute of limitations in the case of tax evasion. The Company's PRC subsidiaries are therefore generally &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;M. Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Current income taxes are provided for in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to the Company as enacted by the relevant tax authorities. Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred taxes are determined based upon differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities at currently enacted statutory tax rates for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. Net operating losses are carried forward and credited by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years. A valuation allowance is provided on deferred tax assets to the extent that it is more likely than not that such deferred tax assets will not be realized. The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are individually classified as current and non-current based on the characteristics of the underlying assets and liabilities, or the expected timing of their use when they do not relate to a specific asset or liability.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;
&lt;div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;9. INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=49%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=49% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=49% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Accumulated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=49% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Write&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;-off&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=49% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;As of March 31, 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=49% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Registered trademark (indefi&lt;font class=_mt&gt;ni&lt;/font&gt;te life)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=101% colspan=9&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=49% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;As of March 31, 2012:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=49% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Registered trademark (indefinite life)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,377&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,377&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The intangible assets as of March 31, 2013 represent $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;2.9&lt;/font&gt; million for registered trademark of Dutch Cow, which is used for the Company's powdered adult formula products; $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;331,000&lt;/font&gt; for registered trademark of Huiliduo, which is used for the foods products; and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;862,000&lt;/font&gt; for registered trademark of Ausmeadow, which is for infant formula products.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4. INVENTORIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company's inventories at March 31, 2013 and 2012 are summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=69%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=69% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=69% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=69% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Raw materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;56,607&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;51,844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=69% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Work-in-progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;17,023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;6,073&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=69% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;14,077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;17,582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=69% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;87,707&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;75,499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;G. Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;I. Leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;
&lt;div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;12. OBLIGATIONS UNDER CAPITAL LEASE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Future minimum capital lease payments at March 31, 2013 are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=85%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=85% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=85% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Ending&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;263&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;612&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;612&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;612&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;612&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2019 and thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;17,026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total minimum lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;19,737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Less: Amount representing interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;11,889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Present value of minimum lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;7,848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Long-term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;7,848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;7,848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1. ORGANIZATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Z. Recently issued accounting pronouncements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;In July 2012, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB) has issued an authoritative pronouncement related to testing indefinite-lived intangible assets, other than goodwill, for impairment. Under the pronouncement, entities testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment would have the option of performing a qualitative assessment before calculating the fair value of the asset. If an entity determines, on the basis of qualitative factors, that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is not more likely than not impaired, a quantitative fair value calculation would not be needed. The amendments are effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15, 2012 with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this ASU is not expected to have a significant effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;11. OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=72%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=72% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=72% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=72% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Accrued rebate and slotting fee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;21,314&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=72% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Payroll and bonus payables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;6,253&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;7,978&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=72% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Accrued selling expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5,496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,720&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=72% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Accrued advertising and promotion expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;12,034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;16,846&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=72% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other tax payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=72% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Accrued rental fee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,461&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=72% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Accrued interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,346&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=72% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=72% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;52,788&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;
&lt;div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;18. MAINLAND CHINA CONTRIBUTION PLAN AND RESTRICTED NET ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;A. China Contribution Plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Full time employees of the Company in the PRC participate in a government-mandated multi-employer defined contribution plan pursuant to which certain pension benefits, medical care, unemployment insurance and other welfare benefits are provided to employees. PRC labor regulations require the Company to accrue for these benefits based on certain percentage of the employees' salaries. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The total contribution for such employee benefits were $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;7.0&lt;/font&gt; million, $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;6.3&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;6.4&lt;/font&gt; million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;B. Restricted Net Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;
&lt;div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;7. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=68%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=68% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Property, plant and equipment, cost:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Capital lease of building&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5,637&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Buildings and renovations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;84,502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;84,558&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Plant and machinery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;84,559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;83,387&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Office equipment and furnishings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,809&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;7,986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,180&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,951&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;918&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;636&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;189,605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;183,839&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Capital lease of building&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;530&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Buildings and renovations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;15,750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;12,240&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Plant and machinery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;40,396&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;33,338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Office equipment and furnishings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,792&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;511&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;431&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;63,684&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;51,240&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,303&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Property, plant and equipment, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;130,121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;134,902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Construction in progress mainly represents leasehold improvements and manufacturing equipment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012, the Company renovated its leased office buildings in Beijing. Total expenditures were approximately $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;34.6&lt;/font&gt; million and were recorded in property, plant and equipment, of which $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;10.2&lt;/font&gt; million was borne by the lessor. As of March 31, 2012, the Company modified the original lease agreement for the building and the land use right, in connection with the $10.2 million of lease payments waived by the lessor related to the renovation costs they agreed to bear. The capital lease obligation and related assets were adjusted to account for this modification.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;H. Property, plant and equipment, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost. The cost of repairs and maintenance is expensed as incurred; major replacements and improvements are capitalized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;When assets are retired or disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and any resulting gains or losses are included in income in the year of disposition.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets or, when applicable, the life of the lease, whichever is shorter. The useful lives for property, plant and equipment are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=58%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=41%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Buildings and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;20 - 40 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;renovations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Plant and machinery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5 - 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3 - 5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;and furnishings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=68%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=68% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Property, plant and equipment, cost:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Capital lease of building&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5,637&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Buildings and renovations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;84,502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;84,558&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Plant and machinery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;84,559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;83,387&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Office equipment and furnishings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,809&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;7,986&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,180&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,951&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;918&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;636&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;189,605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;183,839&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Capital lease of building&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;530&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Buildings and renovations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;15,750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;12,240&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Plant and machinery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;40,396&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;33,338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Office equipment and furnishings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,792&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;511&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;431&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;63,684&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;51,240&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,303&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=68% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Property, plant and equipment, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;130,121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;19. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Summarized quarterly financial information in fiscal years ended March 31, 2013 and 2012 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=20%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=20% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=14% colspan=4 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Fiscal Year 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% colspan=3 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Fiscal Year 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=20% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands except per&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=20% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;share data)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=20% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;53,586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;66,100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;73,228&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;72,856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;43,757&lt;/font&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;99,053&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;114,362&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;85,367&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=20% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;17,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;17,474&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;31,511&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;28,273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;16,079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;41,999&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;47,284&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;35,559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=20% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=20% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;attributable to common&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=20% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(9,699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(44,186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(13,270&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,267&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(9,596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;8,525&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;7,522&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=20% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Weighted average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=20% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;common stock outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=20% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&amp;#8211; basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=20% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Earnings (loss) per share &amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=20% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(0.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(0.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(0.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(0.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;F. Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operational decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to common control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals or corporate entities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The following entities are considered to be related parties to the Company because they are affiliates of the Company under the common control of the Company's major shareholder. These related parties act only as the Company's suppliers or distributors and there are no other relationships wherein the Company has the ability to exercise control or significant influence over the operating and financial policies of these parties. The Company is not obligated to provide any type of financial support to these related parties. The nature of each entity is discussed in the table below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT
Times New Roman
Times
serif; color=#0000ff size=1&gt;Table of Contents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=42%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=57%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=42% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Related Party&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=57% align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Business Nature&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Sheng Zhi Da Dairy Group Corporation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=57% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Engages in buying and selling packaging materials,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(Sheng Zhi Da)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=57% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;vitamin and mineral pre-mixes, and other food&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=57% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;ingredients.&lt;/font&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=99% colspan=2&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=99% colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Kelqin Dairy Co. Ltd. (Kelqin)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=57% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Produces and distributes retail-packaged yogurt products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=57% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;in Beijing. Kelqin was sold to a third party in April 2013,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=57% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;and was no longer considered a related party from that&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=57% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(255
255
255); width=99% colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co.,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=57% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Engages in distribution of the Company's powdered&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=57% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;formula products.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=57% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(255
255
255); width=99% colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=57% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Engages in television designing and programming.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=57% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(St. Angel Cultural Communication)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=57% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(255
255
255); width=99% colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Honnete Dairy Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=57% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Engages in importing and distributing whey protein&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(Honnete)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=57% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;products to commercial customers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(255
255
255); width=99% colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Qingdao Lvyin Waste Disposal Investment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=57% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Engages in waste disposal and sewage treatment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Management Co., Ltd. (Lvyin)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=57% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;activities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(255
255
255); width=99% colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Dongan Hengxin Property&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=57% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Engages in property development activities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Development Co., Ltd. (Dongan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=57% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT,Arial,Helvetica,sans-serif; size=2&gt;Hengxin)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=57% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(255
255
255); width=99% colspan=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co., Ltd. (Ao&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=57% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT,Arial,Helvetica,sans-serif; size=2&gt;Engages in feed processing activities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT,Arial,Helvetica,sans-serif; size=2&gt;Naier)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=57% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;A. Related party balances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;a. Due from related parties, including current and non-current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=73%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=73% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=73% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=73% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Sheng Zhi Da Dairy Group Corporation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=73% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Honnete Dairy Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,181&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=73% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co. Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,132&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5,987&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=73% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;663&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=73% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5,677&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;12,262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;b. Due to related parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=70%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Sheng Zhi Da Dairy Group Corporation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Honnete Dairy Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Kelqin Dairy Co. Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,655&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;br /&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company had certain related party borrowings which were recorded in long-term debt due within one year. See Note 10. Except for the related party borrowings, the amount due to and due from related parties were unsecured and interest free.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT
Times New Roman
Times
serif; color=#0000ff size=1&gt;Table of Contents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;B. Sales to and services for related parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013, the Company's sales to related parties mainly included whey protein powder to Honnete, feed grade milk powder to Ao Naier, and powdered formula products to St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service, and services for related parties represent office spaces rented to Honnete, Ao Naier and St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012, the Company's sales to related parties included whey protein to Honnete, powdered formula products to St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service, feed grade milk powder and whey protein to Ao Naier and chondroitin sulfate to Lvyin. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2011, the Company's sales to related parties include whey protein and industrial milk powder to Honnete, industrial milk powder to Kelqin, powdered formula products and chondroitin sulfate to St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service, and chondroitin sulfate to Lvyin.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=63%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=63% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=31% colspan=5 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year Ended March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=63% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=63% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Honnete Dairy Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5,333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=63% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Kelqin Dairy Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=63% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,470&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;9,861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=63% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;693&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=63% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Qingdao Lvyin Waste Disposal Investment Management Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=63% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,538&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;11,797&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5,871&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Before September 2011, St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co., Ltd. also acted as a sub-distributor of the Company's products. From September 2011, St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co., Ltd. began to make all purchases directly from the Company. Sales of powdered formula products from independent distributors to St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service were &lt;font class=_mt&gt;nil&lt;/font&gt;, $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;7.5&lt;/font&gt; million and $&lt;font class=_mt&gt;22.0&lt;/font&gt; million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, which were not included in the above transaction amount.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;C. Purchases from related parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013, major transactions included (i) the Company purchased Lactose from Honnete, and (ii) St. Angel Cultural Communication implemented certain marketing activities for the Company. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012 and 2011, the Company's purchases from related parties mainly included catalogues, brochures, and marketing materials from St. Angel Cultural Communication.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=63%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=63% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=31% colspan=5 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year Ended March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=63% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=63% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Honnete Dairy Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,674&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=63% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Kelqin Dairy Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=63% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;480&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=63% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5,262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;O. Revenue recognition&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company recognizes revenue when title and risk and rewards for the products are transferred to the customer, price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. At the time of sale, the Company also records estimates for a variety of sales deductions, including value added taxes, rebates, discounts and incentives, trade promotions and product returns. Sales deductions are reported as a reduction of revenue. Most of the Company's nutritional product sales are made through distributors. Under the distributor arrangement, evidenced by purchase order, sales revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the distributors. The revenue recognition of My Angel series, which is directly sold to baby stores, is similar to that of distributor sales, and the sales revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the baby stores. The Company applies this revenue recognition policy uniformly to all nutritional products, including all dairy-based pediatric and adult nutritional products.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;A small fraction of the Company's nutritional product sales are through supermarket retailers directly. The Company's revenue arrangement with some of these retailers includes a right of return clause. The Company's price to the supermarkets is fixed. The supermarkets' obligation to the Company would not be changed in the event of theft or physical destruction or damage of the product. The Company recognizes revenue when the supermarkets have paid the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company's gross sales are subject to various deductions, primarily comprised of rebates and discounts to distributors and retailers. These deductions represent estimates of the related obligations, requiring the use of judgment when estimating the impact of these sales deductions on gross sales for a reporting period. The Company reports these adjustments as a reduction of gross sales to arrive at net sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company provides discounts or rebates to customers in the following ways:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;br /&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;

&lt;li&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company offers product discounts to compensate certain distributors for promotional expenses&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;and slotting fees paid by them. These distributors are responsible for organizing local promotional&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;activities and paying slotting fees to retail outlets within their sales territory, and providing the&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Company with documentation of their expenditures, which would be recorded as product discounts&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;and a reduction of the receivable from distributors in the applicable month.&lt;/font&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company offers rebates to other distributors and supermarket retailers as sales incentives.&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;These rebate programs provide that distributors and supermarket retailers receive a rebate after&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;attaining certain amount of orders relating to specific products. Since rebates are contractually&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;agreed upon, the Company estimates rebates based on the specific terms in each agreement and&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;anticipated performance for the current year. The Company considers the sales performance of&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;products subject to rebates and applicable rebate rate, and adjusts the provision periodically to&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;reflect actual experience. Actual amounts may differ if actual performance varies from estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company records rebates as a reduction of revenues in the year in which these programs are&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;offered.&lt;/font&gt; &lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Slotting fees and estimated sales returns due to package damage are also deductions from gross sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;ul&gt;

&lt;li&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;For product sales made directly to supermarket retailers, certain slotting fees, such as shelf display,&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;end-cap placement, bar-coding, banner advertising, are paid to the supermarket retailers. These&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;slotting fees are deducted from revenues.&lt;/font&gt;
&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company records a provision for estimated sales returns due to package damage. The sales&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;return amount represents management's best estimates based on the available information at the&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=72%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=72% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=72% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=72% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Accrued rebate and slotting fee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;21,314&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=72% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Payroll and bonus payables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;6,253&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;7,978&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=72% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Accrued selling expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5,496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,720&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=72% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Accrued advertising and promotion expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;12,034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;16,846&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=72% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other tax payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=72% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Accrued rental fee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,461&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=72% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Accrued interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,346&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=72% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=72% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;52,788&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=48%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=48% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=38% colspan=7 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year Ended March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=48% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=48% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Current tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 2px; width=48% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;- Netherlands&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;89&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 2px; bgcolor=#d5eaea width=48% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;- PRC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;735&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;110&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=48% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Subtotal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;178&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=90% colspan=10&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=48% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Uncertain tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 2px; bgcolor=#d5eaea width=48% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;- PRC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;157&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=48% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Subtotal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;157&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=90% colspan=10&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=48% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Deferred tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=48% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;- PRC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;36,553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;13,834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(9,441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=48% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Subtotal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;36,553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;13,834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(9,441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=48% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;37,186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;13,510&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(9,306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=70%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Deferred tax assets &amp;#8211; current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Inventory write-down&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,377&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,240&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Acquisition of assets under fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Net operating loss carryforward&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;11,659&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;677&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Bad debt provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,073&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Accrued rebate and sales discount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;12,556&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;6,726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Tax credits carryforward for PRC equipment purchases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,262&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;188&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Subtotal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;29,730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;22,721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(29,730&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(4,894&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;17,827&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=background-color: rgb(213
234
234); width=96% colspan=7&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Deferred tax assets &amp;#8211; non current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Net operating loss carryforward&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;25,487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;25,527&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Acquisition of assets under fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Long-lived assets write-down&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;506&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Bad debt provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;959&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,081&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;207&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Subtotal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;27,241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;27,602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(27,241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(8,695&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=9% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=59%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=59% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=39% colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year Ended March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands except for per share data)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(63,888&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;16,737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(40,068&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Weighted average common stock outstanding &amp;#8211; basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;56,476&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=59% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Earnings (loss) per share &amp;#8211; basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(1.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(0.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=58%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=58% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=32% colspan=7 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year Ended March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=58% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=58% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Income tax expense (benefit) at US federal statutory rate of 34%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(9,192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,382&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(16,853&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=58% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Foreign tax rate differential&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(2,593&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=58% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;PRC tax holiday effect&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=58% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;46,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,984&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=58% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;157&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=58% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Effect of tax refund&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=58% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Effect of change in tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(1,441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=58% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Nondeductible items&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,037&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=58% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;37,186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;13,510&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=8% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(9,306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=85%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=85% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=85% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Ending&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;263&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;612&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;612&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;612&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;612&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2019 and thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;17,026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total minimum lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;19,737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Less: Amount representing interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;11,889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Present value of minimum lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;7,848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Long-term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;7,848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=85% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=83%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=83% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=83% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Ending&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=83% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=83% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=83% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=83% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=83% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=83% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=83% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2019 and thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;49,709&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=83% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=49%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=49% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=41% colspan=7 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year Ended March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=49% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=49% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(3,045&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(1,669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=49% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Holland&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=49% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Hong Kong&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,808&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=49% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;PRC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(25,462&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;26,902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(47,789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=49% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(27,035&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;30,534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(49,566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=49%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=49% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=49% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Accumulated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Carrying&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=49% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Write&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;-off&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=49% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;As of March 31, 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=49% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Registered trademark (indefi&lt;font class=_mt&gt;ni&lt;/font&gt;te life)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,135&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=101% colspan=9&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=49% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;As of March 31, 2012:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=49% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Registered trademark (indefinite life)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,377&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=69%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=69% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=69% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=69% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Raw materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;56,607&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;51,844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=69% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Work-in-progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;17,023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;6,073&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=69% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;14,077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;17,582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=69% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;87,707&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=70%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=4%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=25%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=4% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=25% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=4% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=25% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Ending&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=4% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=25% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=4% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=25% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;82,663&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=4% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=25% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;88,605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=70% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=4% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=25% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=20%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=20% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=14% colspan=4 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Fiscal Year 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=12% colspan=3 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Fiscal Year 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=20% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands except per&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=20% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;share data)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=20% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;53,586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;66,100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;73,228&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;72,856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;43,757&lt;/font&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;99,053&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;114,362&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;85,367&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=20% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;17,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;17,474&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;31,511&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;28,273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;16,079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;41,999&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;47,284&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;35,559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=20% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=20% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;attributable to common&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=20% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(9,699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(44,186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(13,270&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,267&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(9,596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;8,525&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;7,522&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=20% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Weighted average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=20% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;common stock outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=20% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&amp;#8211; basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=20% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Earnings (loss) per share &amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=20% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(0.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(0.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(0.23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(0.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0.15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=5% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=53%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=14%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=14%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=3%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=14%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=53% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=45% colspan=4 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year Ended March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=53% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=14% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=14% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=3% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=14% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=53% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Customer A, sales of surplus milk powder&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=14% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=14% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=3% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=14% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;42,361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;* &lt;font class=_mt&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=3%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=3%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=3%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=52% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=39% colspan=5 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year Ended March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=3% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=52% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=3% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=3% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=3% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=52% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Sales in Mainland China&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;98.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;99.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=52% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Sales to United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=41% colspan=7 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year Ended March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;NET SALES TO EXTERNAL CUSTOMERS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Powdered formula&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;224,423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;301,664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;185,569&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Nutritional ingredients and supplements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;6,836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;34,161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;39,713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;61,451&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;265,770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;342,539&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;248,516&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;INTERSEGMENT SALES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Powdered formula&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;403&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;468&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Nutritional ingredients and supplements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;9,212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;12,241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;8,316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Intersegment sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;9,685&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;13,785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,949&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;GROSS PROFIT (LOSS)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Powdered formula&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;102,248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;142,475&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;78,311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(2,861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(2,099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(1,249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Nutritional ingredients and supplements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(2,810&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(2,358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(2,101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(2,018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,903&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,786&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;94,559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;140,921&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;77,747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Selling and distribution expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;53,607&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;51,221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;48,409&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Advertising and promotion expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;32,574&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;28,442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;41,420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;General and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;30,220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;23,948&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;28,261&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Impairment of goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Gain on disposal and liquidation of subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Government subsidies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,217&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5,484&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Income (loss) from operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(14,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;42,794&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(40,342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;15,018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;14,276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Interest income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,326&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,870&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;820&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other income (expense), net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(27,035&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;30,534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(49,566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;CAPITAL EXPENDITURE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Powdered formula&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;11,149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;35,359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5,324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;132&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Nutritional ingredients and supplements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;392&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;All other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;11,406&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;35,498&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;6,213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Powdered formula&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;9,777&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;7,704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;7,040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Nutritional ingredients and supplements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,962&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;All other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;414&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;362&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;14,976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;11,751&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT
Times New Roman
Times
serif; color=#0000ff size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=64%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=64% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;TOTAL ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Powdered formula&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;491,079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;436,284&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;20,150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;24,928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Nutritional ingredients and supplements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;33,879&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;33,292&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;133,748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;170,386&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Intersegment elimination&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(202,712&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(216,977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;476,144&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;447,913&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;LONG LIVED ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Powdered formula&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;104,760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;103,661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;17,719&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;20,379&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Nutritional ingredients and supplements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;18,271&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;19,907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;140,950&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=51%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=51% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=51% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=51% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Balance at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;697&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,199&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,042&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=51% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Additions in the current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;157&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=51% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Release in the current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(557&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=51% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Balance at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;506&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;697&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL, INC. SCHEDULE II&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=45%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=45% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Charged&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=45% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: 2px; width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;to&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=45% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;at&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=45% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beginning&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;at End&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 26px; width=45% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Description&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;of Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Write-off&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;of Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=45% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Allowance for accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 1px; width=45% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;- 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;7,845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;7,515&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 1px; bgcolor=#d5eaea width=45% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;- 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;8,779&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(934&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;7,845&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 1px; width=45% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;- 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,447&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;8,779&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=45% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Allowance for other receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 1px; width=45% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;- 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;567&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 1px; bgcolor=#d5eaea width=45% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;- 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 1px; width=45% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;- 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=45% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Allowance for other assets*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=45% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;- 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,322&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=13% colspan=2 align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;) $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,837&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=45% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;- 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,322&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,322&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=45% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Allowance for deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 1px; bgcolor=#d5eaea width=45% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;- 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;13,589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;46,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,318&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;56,971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 1px; width=45% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;- 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;13,589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 1px; bgcolor=#d5eaea width=45% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;- 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;9,299&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=45% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;
&lt;div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;16. SEGMENT REPORTING AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company focuses on selling premium infant formula products, which are supplemented by more affordable infant formula products targeting the mass market as well as other nutritional products, such as adult powdered formula and prepared foods, and certain nutritional ingredients and supplements. The activities of each segment are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-ItalicMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Powdered Formula &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;- Sales of powdered infant and adult formula products.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-ItalicMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Foods &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;- Sales of prepared foods for babies and children.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;i&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-ItalicMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Nutritional Ingredients and Supplements &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;- Sales of nutritional ingredients and supplements such as chondroitin sulfate to external customers, and microencapsulated Docosahexanoic Acid (DHA) and Arachidonic Acid (ARA) to powdered formula segment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;i&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-ItalicMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other business &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;- Other business includes non-core businesses such as ancillary sales of excess or unusable ingredients and materials to industrial customers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;The Company's underlying accounting records are maintained on a legal entity basis for government and public reporting requirements. Segment disclosures are on a performance basis consistent with internal management reporting.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=55%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=41% colspan=7 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year Ended March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;NET SALES TO EXTERNAL CUSTOMERS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Powdered formula&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;224,423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;301,664&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;185,569&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Nutritional ingredients and supplements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;6,836&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;34,161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;39,713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;61,451&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;265,770&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;342,539&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;248,516&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;INTERSEGMENT SALES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Powdered formula&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;403&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;468&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Nutritional ingredients and supplements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;9,212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;12,241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;8,316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Intersegment sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;9,685&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;13,785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,949&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;GROSS PROFIT (LOSS)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Powdered formula&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;102,248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;142,475&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;78,311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(2,861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(2,099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(1,249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Nutritional ingredients and supplements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(2,810&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(2,358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(2,101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(2,018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,903&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,786&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;94,559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;140,921&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;77,747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Selling and distribution expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;53,607&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;51,221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;48,409&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Advertising and promotion expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;32,574&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;28,442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;41,420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;General and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;30,220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;23,948&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;28,261&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Impairment of goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Gain on disposal and liquidation of subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Government subsidies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;4,217&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5,484&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Income (loss) from operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(14,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;42,794&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(40,342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;15,018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;14,276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Interest income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,326&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,870&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;820&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other income (expense), net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;277&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(27,035&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;30,534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(49,566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;CAPITAL EXPENDITURE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Powdered formula&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;11,149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;35,359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;5,324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;132&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Nutritional ingredients and supplements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;392&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;All other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;11,406&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;35,498&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;6,213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Powdered formula&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;9,777&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;7,704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;7,040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Nutritional ingredients and supplements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2,016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,962&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;All other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;414&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;362&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=55% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;14,976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;11,751&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT
Times New Roman
Times
serif; color=#0000ff size=1&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=64%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=64% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;TOTAL ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Powdered formula&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;491,079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;436,284&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;20,150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;24,928&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Nutritional ingredients and supplements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;33,879&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;33,292&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;133,748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;170,386&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Intersegment elimination&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(202,712&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(216,977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;476,144&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;447,913&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;LONG LIVED ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Powdered formula&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;104,760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;103,661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Foods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;17,719&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;20,379&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Nutritional ingredients and supplements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;18,271&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;19,907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Other business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1,153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=64% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;140,950&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;145,100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Consolidated revenue is generated from sales in the following areas:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=3%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=3%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=3%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=52% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=39% colspan=5 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year Ended March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=3% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=52% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=3% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=3% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=3% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=52% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Sales in Mainland China&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;98.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;100.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;99.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=52% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Sales to United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=11% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Sales to major industrial customers greater that 10% of net sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;div&gt;

&lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=53%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=14%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=14%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=3%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=14%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=53% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=45% colspan=4 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Year Ended March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=53% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=14% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=14% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=3% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=14% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=53% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Customer A, sales of surplus milk powder&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=14% align=right&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=14% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=3% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;&amp;nbsp;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=14% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;42,361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=margin: 0px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;* &lt;font class=_mt&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;No single customer accounts for more than 10% of net sales for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013 and 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;P. Shipping and handling costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=41%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=16%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=42%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=41% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Statutory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=42% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=41% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Tax Rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=42% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=41% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beginning&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=42% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=41% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;January 1,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=42% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td style=text-indent: 14px; width=41% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Name of Subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2008&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=42% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Tax Holiday (based on calendar year)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=41% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;25&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=41% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Zhangjiakou Chahaer Dairy Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;25&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3 years tax at 12.5% (2008-10)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=41% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;25&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2 years tax exempt (2008, 2009); 3 years tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=41% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=16% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;at 12.5% (2010-12)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=41% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Inner Mongolia Mengyuan Food Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;25&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=41% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;25&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2 years tax exempt (2008, 2009); 3 years tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=41% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=16% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;at 12.5% (2010-12)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=41% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Shengyuan Huiliduo Food&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;25&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=41% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Technology Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=16% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=42% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=41% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;25&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=41% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Service Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=16% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d5eaea width=42% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=41% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Global Food Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=16% align=center&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;25&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;20% (2009), 22% (2010), 24% (2011), 25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=41% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=16% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=42% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(2012&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellspacing=0 border=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=66%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2%&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=66% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;March 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=66% align=left&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=center&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=66% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Balance at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;13,589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;10,605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=66% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Additions during the year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;46,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;3,145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=66% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Releases during the year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(3,318&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;(161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td bgcolor=#d6eaea width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr valign=bottom&gt;&lt;td width=66% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;Balance at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;56,971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td width=10% align=right&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&lt;div&gt; &lt;div class=MetaData&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
sans-serif; size=2&gt;C. Use of estimates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;p style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica





  <calculationLink xlink:role=http://www.synutra.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsByTypeOfTemporaryDifferenceCreditsAndChangeInValuationAllowanceDetails xlink:type=extended xlink:title=41305 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Deferred Tax Assets By Type Of Temporary Difference
 Credits

  <definitionLink xlink:role=http://www.synutra.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesDetails xlink:type=extended xlink:title=40202 - Disclosure - Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies (Schedule Of Property

  <definitionLink xlink:role=http://www.synutra.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetNarrativeDetails xlink:type=extended xlink:title=40701 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant And Equipment

  <definitionLink xlink:role=http://www.synutra.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetDetails xlink:type=extended xlink:title=40702 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant And Equipment

  <definitionLink xlink:role=http://www.synutra.com/role/DisclosureLandUseRightsNetNarrativeDetails xlink:type=extended xlink:title=40801 - Disclosure - Land Use Rights

  <definitionLink xlink:role=http://www.synutra.com/role/DisclosureIntangibleAssetsNetNarrativeDetails xlink:type=extended xlink:title=40901 - Disclosure - Intangible Assets

  <definitionLink xlink:role=http://www.synutra.com/role/DisclosureIntangibleAssetsNetScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsDetails xlink:type=extended xlink:title=40902 - Disclosure - Intangible Assets

  <presentationLink xlink:role=http://www.synutra.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet xlink:type=extended xlink:title=10701 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant And Equipment

  <presentationLink xlink:role=http://www.synutra.com/role/DisclosureLandUseRightsNet xlink:type=extended xlink:title=10801 - Disclosure - Land Use Rights

  <presentationLink xlink:role=http://www.synutra.com/role/DisclosureIntangibleAssetsNet xlink:type=extended xlink:title=10901 - Disclosure - Intangible Assets

  <presentationLink xlink:role=http://www.synutra.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetTables xlink:type=extended xlink:title=30703 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant And Equipment

  <presentationLink xlink:role=http://www.synutra.com/role/DisclosureLandUseRightsNetTables xlink:type=extended xlink:title=30803 - Disclosure - Land Use Rights

  <presentationLink xlink:role=http://www.synutra.com/role/DisclosureIntangibleAssetsNetTables xlink:type=extended xlink:title=30903 - Disclosure - Intangible Assets

  <presentationLink xlink:role=http://www.synutra.com/role/DisclosureSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesDetails xlink:type=extended xlink:title=40202 - Disclosure - Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies (Schedule Of Property

  <presentationLink xlink:role=http://www.synutra.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetNarrativeDetails xlink:type=extended xlink:title=40701 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant And Equipment

  <presentationLink xlink:role=http://www.synutra.com/role/DisclosurePropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetDetails xlink:type=extended xlink:title=40702 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant And Equipment

  <presentationLink xlink:role=http://www.synutra.com/role/DisclosureLandUseRightsNetNarrativeDetails xlink:type=extended xlink:title=40801 - Disclosure - Land Use Rights

  <presentationLink xlink:role=http://www.synutra.com/role/DisclosureLandUseRightsNetScheduleOfLandUseRightsDetails xlink:type=extended xlink:title=40802 - Disclosure - Land Use Rights

  <presentationLink xlink:role=http://www.synutra.com/role/DisclosureIntangibleAssetsNetNarrativeDetails xlink:type=extended xlink:title=40901 - Disclosure - Intangible Assets

  <presentationLink xlink:role=http://www.synutra.com/role/DisclosureIntangibleAssetsNetScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsDetails xlink:type=extended xlink:title=40902 - Disclosure - Intangible Assets

  <presentationLink xlink:role=http://www.synutra.com/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsByTypeOfTemporaryDifferenceCreditsAndChangeInValuationAllowanceDetails xlink:type=extended xlink:title=41305 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Deferred Tax Assets By Type Of Temporary Difference
 Credits
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_NumberOfSubsidiariesLiquidated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentBorneByLessor'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_GovernmentSubsidies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no
'+
				\n+'            formatted: <a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=opener.Show.toggle( window

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no

 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxHolidays'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_LandUseRightsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_LandUseRightsCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_LandUseRightsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_LandUseRightsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialDataAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialInformationOfParentCompanyOnlyDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CondensedFinancialInformationOfParentCompanyOnlyDisclosureTextBlock'
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<td style=background-color: rgb(213
234
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<td style=background-color: rgb(255
255
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<td style=background-color: rgb(255
255
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<td style=background-color: rgb(213
234
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialDataAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfIncomeTaxHolidayTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<td style=background-color: rgb(213
234
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfValuationAllowanceTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateTaxableProfitsBenchmark'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_PercentageOwnedInForeignInvestedEnterprisesBenchmarkPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_IncreaseDecreaseToTaxExpenseBenefitDueToTaxHolidays'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxHolidayIncomeTaxBenefitsPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationDates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_StatuteOfLimitationsForUnderpaymentOfTaxesDueToComputationalErrors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_StatuteOfLimitationsForUnderpaymentOfTaxesDueToSpecialCircumstances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_SpecialCircumstanceQualificationMinimumUnderpaymentOfTaxLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsInterestIncludedInPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsPresentValueOfNetMinimumPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT
Times New Roman
Times
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenueByMajorCustomersByReportingSegmentsTableTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_ValuationAllowanceAmountAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_ValuationAllowanceAmountReleases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

#$S
#
S
2YX
M;6Q55`D``P8VNE$&-KI1=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``[%U)=^
V$K[GO?P'C@]S
M:EN;E[;3W?-LV4IKVMO8[F0R%S^8A2D*4`!0-G*KY\24G40HG41I!&#AV+





1[+!:.5GT15!B^($8

.`S3PJ^6`^S^'+.9\!

(;
M.WQ
G
][EQY'ZMWSX7/E6?'Z_

#NR^8!VP#5=WB1R$O^`W
IA3I@3
M85,B+B_!1'T)0'L(N(4Z1D]'!3%UAL5J^^4:8%M5[40*?2I%*O]4A&S*_B

M(GJ@^0@IN
.I1

M'*]D`XYR%!P5$Z_D-EXI)X-/14?XF'AEQ_%*'L%BXI6=QRN[@
M?/J@8+5(3LRD#)]E`@/C2[;O2[11NO$)N_`)FJN[B)9]]V/1;2G9S('GU9]7

MZB\/*FS;H]1^DF'.(#EHA0[%PA3@EMY\0D+N1M[/OF





OM'H10[PU=1
M%P&
`G


M^V&!&V1W8`3'!^_0X/I^/$80QK[F#9Z%
Z=9PM-8SX7PO&NUB(U'KZ%HP^.4
MB

B*E&2Y.L&?7/4W]P
MEB(X





M#8`2LXO




.Q



0P;2`3!YE?7?82
M^'UG1;,\Z,*3N(%!DR29@VD%ER8]$H%H0^UR5T[.1'MXP5%T#I16#@E`).
M(Q

M)(+9T^=:V4#60#8]9
LGB2!;/MVOE3
_9&&BO40JS2IEWK&Q0L8*;0^R4.QX


_HPL244OF52269+*9BU))6I)M)-(
M(DM2V:PEJ40MB7X221A&KV-)XM+1K;J6*\]I&[MUSY4@:E=E;_$HA'/JVSKC

-C)U'Z;5:[R`H6
!R

=(P--Q@@F
L@B
M!$^28RR#HRT`L()C+8462PIMK3GO:)3]L7


MX$YMP8D$9!











MDI[

51H]E3O9D^U




MX9_-;H^S?IX&&ZG4GXCC8BH]F8(]P@NP

)_!`JOTKM4B
M-AZ]AJ(-CU



M;@U(S

:UR[1@W5CPW
M
M#

P</`E#D`]OK72F2
M0A`%#$9V#*U[CL=Y9[%SR0=*QE=O\-/.R4;KK:$M@6P
`!
!\(:X/]X#F
9\

:_
M




Y$!^($
M$5?S;!6?2A$.@D+S&/XX8GA8L2?YF3O93OSG)W
_?TKZ^?'

U/)N.ZZ
MQU5XW#1NX?&/&KH
.G:F9_:T6U3AN\Y+97G=4Y-ZW*`UX)E(UVO@C:^V




_0D/0Y&'=&/`Q+LB%EGK0V#BH'SRL3;)23R!&3`SL5=G$3
U
MGYGCCZOP


M1RYITS/+Q2WYBU]



M*)).[#@'[\-=3*W#U1#LQ2

X&1BQK%8%)Q.#8#I%R]
MV1@[X?



MB-)@


MC`1(P

MO\




M


M]@CRS85''WN]W6*2=:D18U
N0?9(I*00)*FX1)$*7B511@'0OY^
^I\1W*F3
M5@34;-/=)W4MH+PU%/7J
W(R22C/;/*`RY.?J+7D0(=QF


M8N@L+P('=[AN(X]AF\N#_J#\_XLQNV2.ACQ88H#,6+SQ]N4KXSV&!YAX7
MTTZ/'C=8!BBP%8N^
0'FSF4#D`9DU#)3;JFSA@LIS&2&U/ALW\/GJ=XRY

+J*$_#B
[%G7QXW1#^6X\H&^1-V;Y@U_/FO5_


M%

MR[I7G(R&QS$Q


M%!;GOI4K(5.95+)@-45K'1Q6K;8NAP=W5C$X]*072M@-]5I+;9\(6P9AE7:F

WT?9=U@M`?&26B1]O^
MG*P`%R`



%VC
M0










G[3C:DG;@1^S9PK\85W5%\E*BEKUWT?.I^V*^1U7X_)(^4__
M8U811^[J.GIEBL[Z$

MO(T+6_F8?9





TBEY&%7

M_OR%Q`%A$D6$D4?SL6@E!;


?L;M8;TU@X[




MN`?GOLWQS)K#2-3=Y;IO







/`B
!4A
MMGKYU

3=9M)78CF

M^GL`%D$ORM_^S!PV#(9?'8NZ(W.
9^#'WHOY?L_

MX+DI8$DD?=

MT8WI#ETYM30PEXN1!3#U1C



MVJ7L%1][H+X
NFBMIJ&E@I

MTAOS$*7/LSDXJPFDJ'5QI%H7G




MFL91


`2'7/1.I.\CV-C46\R8G;:^&!5$JIS$WM4X

MPF@V*40Z1M4B

M
!O$MAO0L\URC/Y5ULPK






[AQT+C&G#W]%


Q03)ZI$\=
MX$+;'N/O=.2'[^+HR.FBHR=

`XLH`$
MQUX-?0JX0
5@B&\GT7IC=I@@@+L%8[$FZ?-HBBYUG7
BJM'A'=
/1Q@A6]0(







Z




GKER]7C_\2




A
9




7$3
0Y5KVW#&


_GTS028.\?`RO00)@0$S9I

&^IK=

M[M!08PX38'KJ3`O\7%3M;*B\X`XRMME;+&AQ;[\9/8`A#Q&=\CN78E/?.+%Q




MZ/P-JH![`1V_L)65W&?(O@V&2*8#.;SG
(+F/H+XR!Z&T4H-=MRC
(RYIW

/


MBPXDK^MG
%!YKMGJ*YQVY$2'
#'&OD.OB):M+W2\U8$4X9W=F!@$V]./Q:#9


6`.YY%&L9ADCT2KDM$



RL22&P&UERZ]85NBI4*5AJ5P_P=D209

MH-=6Y:X(?9;`CEFM&GHMJ

M]



W;\F0R;LQPZV^&9N!@6X&%`)W4(
MQ2\L@HU?



M/4@


O1Y\I\
[?WDTM%VSV=Y'%I@L_0*4-B4K4
M=P)_%-FL8OWH3Y&D
FN;M`F4

C_439


MY^LC&*M9Q&8?:=0EPT?5$A_R[:7P&2]


A[CE6W!=S!TC*$A
MYL7C:6^8V2_

M2Y=1D8(
D\S@Y9AP3U](N_Q$_6V\*$6W:7HZ+0#W'!:`#YHU89[W(FJ.WYD
M&FMP7=W@G7[_@XL3*5J&Q;7BKQ[GSNT]!R9RC@
2L4@#/ZPV+&'VK;LFB<+05&L_0
MH6G.O'D59G]CT=Z4&188%*?I.O_D;4
P%9RO.0-!'R^$6X%
]S#+/@+JE+6W
M48




AFMYD04LVN_<](9UC%]P3WR6R^?

M0*OC
%5M7HE&BQ/9#N!.



@$&O899]!\`5WA8K`Y0S%HQ+16





M

M@:GJFR-B^EF.O)3%=:@LX?7;MM^TPF=_?J`-?IF@CMJP-C1LH88&.V-QZ9
M;M97^
%PEM8K&SH4]*4

MN


MFGJ4`!2MT&ZI`LL(1(D63'@WH
X6W4G%?$WG\6)D&:
T!@O#HL-NFPEB_$RG

*6[0QY:YA=#?M'6=DY%X)S@K)
/#<A&?ZV+[^9=P$R/'BCG\'6OE1S@=$GE1V)=(H#503`*@Z$28
YT


M]W..


MY7&)&*OSSB_

O


MTVW_P

=2$3SG$#I:Q9





C.#)-Z/(/H
M1`LV)\LW%2@3&GJ+YEPY$=$'![^NG:%J(]GY4HAH


M8F:A^8N?:8&

M9K7


MT`U2UI--P=FT`L^=@EQ`P4N[^_NEJ5/=



6P!%9)Z;\#4Z5W&1NL]XUV#AD/#O=((W3^)6_5A7U.M'

A4P$%ET0UW*7(A[FP!EJ
J)17/9-0:C

MRGZK3X]70=-*7SQZF$`3R_&'



([I\I(.*
MCT'\\0


?5Y^8+NZV+&EBC*;



:-!:+AOB.K'
\G'@1



MI_;IJ\3WWZB

0ML[AIV]@NPJ7L@
M=X.P1[K?4OSG8U81Y:@PYU_C4;+`%-TV8FGH$1HSSO.T-$?@FT[[*8I^X6



2:


M;Z#G'YY%[7T4)@[KW$F;I?C%J;2?)TY\HU6P?D-&W^`.




M79$WK]4-;_B#AN6
OS-(3179\


M?)%:


KP0&'^A`.P`
M([RA1_LFF81H?N


M+'23^H]H2P#AB:Q=0K-DI`%/]V23157T6JD:W[?`4\0AU
+]I*W'KIZ^^K2)


[IZ@`3Y1*:VAVE]+


@TMZP=#:/OZ@8
M@8GE7W$/)AM*[3)I=


N*
MRJ$P#K3GR


E


*
MJ'
_?XCL]I6I/85G++23'K!!)1SM9\#M@V'-OO_]__X?0?A/_TW7[%;S&2\U

MA?+N[Z-Q?]SK]4)P
Q;)!8D_P.D8@/:#PE?)!1$F'NP%2MX+5'\D#_-0*5RN
M/.C*V\

]-

GE4[1$8TRE<08BCR';]G6<&!=&6(VJH*DP*^G@I

'1X7HO5^X=#:;UH]S*5AN$Q





%+^LPS8.I5.6]#EX(3R[<._?\:^^8X5WV+3W
MQK

)GD5-%9-`JP=

M_PO0H%FWE
T'-
^4]B'QY]2J.(=9Q88W&PL02SS/1JZI/!7;T$'T8*M`VM.+
M#33-IGXX;Y)5-]D:YPU:



M.&5LV1^T@69I:&G[OSPL`GE4R?LPB@*M:HF2C%?/4+;EOA+\IG@D.D%!(A]I



M;#3OPG\-=QL5+/L[7\U\9+7L_IQ
X1%KP5:TO2W3/JP'&
@E
*(HBUPSRIL
MM,`EU*7`KA3_Y9E$X-WL$R#JP2!^`[MK4%[M_CS2WU8P[:YW.2+]+BGA0BF

M2QFT&
&F



MA)W@Q!MT8@$V`\;FY2*./T%VY6SB=R3PGWY5;;*T/'P!LW5-R[R8H;5GL#%]

70Z




M
]-ISY:K&IU16CJH@[$H]S*MN@BOL(_HV`E^RLH87*GV0C=_%GKK'\?WN6F8
M0R_I5/


M@(5W+I?SM[!C,WZO2F-/;D6P)M`G_F3#55?A5GG.FLT33,^,^%S9OU;)83
M


M/FR9&D%F6UHV_YT*?@T0.&D2&_




M$6D6GD6/FJ(



6
%K9_05



M^G=!@SMG?H=*X42?4CM^C*12.GY
2GE+90NQCP7+XY`T-??+F#2BN8*XBW?W
M8AP%OQBG[U'

M8?HBH47CMI];C[Z3#15--S.SB#D=B74OK)OM&3
QR*8[DSSQ@Q;B.)F+I9

8B1K













1^*_5%C.][4[090;1.$C.-;UT$%T45Q4=-037\B


E
]V=AA(Z8QAA=UW2H

JFC

MVOK
MF?2=27]N)OV)7!`I8JK

S.QP7-LR%_Y/7AQGKO=Z\'_SN0^^]&XO
9[U%7&$



M6\W
WF5IP,:99@N%7K[7I]RSVTFIWB@4JRE
]\_$WMY_0M9SS7K)NN(ME3
MH(AL
K/






.O!8F7JM$F+R\V*
MQED1=3#BI.R&4TVP4FHYP:53[H0JY!PY6Q('@SJRY]IBQ[G6F5MQ8W$X;)M*
M;9L1)_5$)4?[B+=CQPV4_=.RFL5R[;3B[F


M$DTH=/.%.(4+P\XVE-YE0;1VZ]IPRWNPK1DAFL/.WINMT9#'HMP_SMMY#EF*





M%$-9'!UY&3T?0^LVUC5(F%MV3!($(N)-:J;.ZCHWNK6$\=XKXGBXWV_86425



M`J8W



M#-E6-@P/&7:XS,:][ZO/1LCCCXU@#BP7S:G-)A\C_A%2;[H]=^K/U%Z#O#S
M[?Z1[+P#$;IIXO_!RRTU&=+_Q6XDQHV$XUN8VQS@CT/_[ZV'+J/(O?1T8;F
MVW^F@

M\._GR=@1YMSYNB0FIZGCVOH
?X=S5WE_=IH$$GEO[/S@\8/?R0.$:L83\V*/


@#0*JG
O@*!]$QF2Q.

AO1

M.O7)^'7JZL'7Z
Z



M)=P
N/:M$5.C/^

M



M0


M/93ELA(]L2U*0\KG623DK+L7R2(QR'LEQ6&BF#5J&4@Y7&DR
P@CO^BMA@

WQ;M]K



M%`R

M)-6ON6.4NF-9GU(6'$9X
9Y-L!F

23.^9E?&USV4K\6WZA?,H?ZS^0_YC?S[5<E7J$



V(4'C[?(HZ'(U?Y\+RZJQ-W:)W
#QOV
'=BS

X'!@3HL*4]VZ[!A\NE3

H#/(
MBB5



MEF_1H#=BFW7`BR_3VT^XHVZ2+0;__=DBYZF2!%7YT7A$=T'(.Y*!V261%_
M+4VI2&:*XB
\R1
Q&%STACDQ`[-2I/&#)
P:5_T5
JQ078RG9KVAC`9%`$

M\=XG0$OS)$2?3%X]W=IK22P@N`F\1S3FR``9-T'3YO$%2;]H!E];IV96KW

;T:J[@932ENOM#I2C@)\7TB6R
M44L\-6WEY*U0RIDS




&NYTH#+0;:1G*&$#@3N-BB#/X9F$NV%
MLPNJ8)T2X
G1W1+*!2&YXZX99Q:326]T`4KE0&2/MI5!8L)1T[:3SI[:=0



F[-!:;YT[^;VA
FD;._GG1'F_98U%^\%ZU0A@^\FR5YZA



M

M%.S#H*D;I=*WKPTD*&CQMP^E-[FKA=.$Y(2AU0[$2M_;B@CAD4^VM7ID34@?

M=&3V_R[UCRK%DIZ#*JY?8^C?H-Q=*_,!3'XIH96*9TP?O^#B;C4=4XY\AS




M;E3;A./@/!#[:0EK?U`=?79E:A]UPZ.3X`Z.\$VB8
KO_G[1NQQ%VB/O6;@J
-))0]B[ER<F!+)M!ZD9J%$%JDI<_@#T&


&Y;C_2LB2TX2(Y=G<#;



M

'$






V



QQ4J(Y

RAQ:=8^'UQE/-WSP`3O
L[$+]3&9+TS*LQ:Y:^[=Q




(
$NNE!EWDW@/MR*`5(1T9F2@^&D







+&RS/

M?=BLF=D:7^:Z##N&;

&`**/+G5BHTC:
%@X\9J`J&*'2FW4G_H*^`L
MNCX!8+
`GEGO]!&#+JY]OA&X-8EG_3


MZNH


MP6]?



.(%8V





MBT$M+$!



I^5HJE&E2`#J`&'/!I]2S''DIQN@7L=D@^+X8
M^_
#S=T]S%.Y@:3,$W`&J',O)7'[/ZH;HQ_A1\,N!6P3C.JX!TEEW6C@4$
M/1

K*I#]N`J3E;X$\
M[IT&L8(IC$I/EAL!:?E;
!@=@YAE::]@#L'38).#NM#!5*3:ZQ:`T.U5
NOQ


M)`U
'XV+#+

9;_[I!^YPA-;8P_EGKE


%A

A@


M89


ML!



MWMRNP[`;@]'NRR1`Y1:3??TILKC*1A`[LN(7$Q7`PGBCEH`FL'$[%*?9


'WT61$
8RT*MW'1SRAGZ*NI\0+H.9OC

1?@RE%O)DO;5+&
M:GL3'0WQ+5E%CTH_MA5_ICE

MK-B(;`Z=0[O+)G_)R\PQZPO6$OBKQ+3.GSNQ&.0Z)XG?L#

MUP766#WVF
2Z


5/C(#=4

M

MZAGU1GFBYF^NCL@$\*!=02+DEG#]@Q
]I]SQ-LRN\6W?\(J3DE-6^&F^5O

9



MD`O
$Q


]V?!:F_

M\=-^I(JQXW0QLPP++)O_T`9$)6HJ%Z)A7+$7X0G

MBL)G5TNQZ1/;F(G

M\K]8V_R[KGZW/.%ZJ2Y5N*5\5'50.OE9M6/



W6P3D;MT_$?M%G

+I[HB])@+=_(3

M6BO57NCFST(/`^LI]&UK

4I

MTW2-3S'%HTM'C&;0W#*!-@!P'&D?X#(K'2K
8_EP*81E]+@)O(;O/7:3_LG/






[IH*B!/BOSZ%*$]
M)?@K9A]BS]P?^@I^-C:8CLA2PIP@:Y


M=;O+J@(C0PD?R11PE`


M:CM4D30I6YN?\()RCALTR)&1VFW05V;@SKN$VTPMV[8#&4VDUZPR=RKH3:R
MYMWN#*R.$MME96TKS&BGX1;*EUEPL?,]Z&]1\[R7Q'Z_L]Z:O$62*F=M^Q(

+#N+


#6J^T[Q
MVY</7E=B.^!CQ[<SM@&6
M*8!-M!2FJJ//&)2Z04L/L2T]CC\0G7N

`$F8Y
YH^+?
MQ+82W\#%V;=V

M8

6Q-53E:`?%IF
M:%

98EZ1=AYME8P53D;C\HS_T2
M?]51O=LJ@ZKE)8KZ*MATEOS!7@0[I?;=TE%YKU:N[ER(;Z[+:WNJ94X=&)



M





3^N



4IGK#[.

MZ



0E]DHWB?Z))C+)C@X^8:.RL&B`1M=^/Z,F[2I-J\Z_'UEV40P
M]._$V,#JBF8%M[O!9L`T?Y--!R
10
`8-
XM
%0`*.(TW?0!T`77ZFN2W])



M3($XR-*ZL^1#B=*H/Z7SS?`-Z7O@+FWB+U#8Z/)0DPX09`%^:EOE\C:U`S

M&6U65`YINH.C@#4^:!CP9E;FC-BNKL1%\YF;%PX\OZ.O=F[+[BDS:)6NH!




/((6N5WCCPANINZ$QZT!(W*HCKK:'66V_$ZY:#[C-3`P+!-D4N
Z/WT8J<<.3EG$;:LZ&4

F10G.H87PAU-
0\S3]I$G7XK+9.S3(T9^VVZ%3WD`'C6V:W5UP:A23#3URK:-U'H'7T;HV
MT56H#KWU1LAF9W?^I@/<L$D[=[2U*&XF0DL?6A1D*-MT8*V<WH:=V\V@B






MM.&M\B(H1#MWA(U8(OCXU(L33X@TYTNITS:P(R3_LSJ;
:APHV((8/-$XF\]

MA

D2+*P`H9?GEL_BK#[(;9]`AI




YWL_#V
M+/4

M:%L/*7;H;IW*#,W@8[YSR'_]5M
N00HI78#&^/U'DNYQVIJ[]F1V0;^_CF

MK70SW!-
F[BV#(

3R_@
7?=
M9T:-V&MU$V35T.;^.HX#IW.T

MQ`F0=/[D`M[(^4#?'\\VP=:\OO6OOQF0-[I*'#9CHZ:S+#K)Z9;L^\%4X


AO/N[-!S(4N!*UCM*&BD*#3R7FC&2I7`R%%@E+W`#'L'D^:1S(C^

?%'9F)[H-3-.=PH/KN]AM0.O
4''
5
M$-]+:`+&Z&JPR=JRZ<Q=6L&#/CM6#C./#@-%1^Y?D`<[O
^WNRZ:MF;P%F7



M+


MR&T7\F#2$LP*LN!H
*D-KPRGT97[B6@8+'ORKP*Q94IU)DK#\2#71AX&ZZG(
M4%1X]I2Q?'Y4*I])]+DU%2XLS?`K..X+++7U]N`%;.I6#2X*@&@:)69T_)
B=4AEO^V'JAKDH9PR'D[RG+C_
UY[C@JRQK[07


/!GMTP:1I<N

N&H!H&BU[51KY^+[^K#H*@V'RN3?=K\

R?KGY

M%4.G



MI@YA&9H0)EQ;K_[T3]W!B0-:

U]S&O_Q\W=\_WC[<W3MC4X/<P\K_3V%]ZN]$@O&=5-



Z&*=8


;<@(1
M\-D_8U^(JWY47?5=$3E5D^OFUTLATKY]EQ.GK5(VVAB?1BQP9*J&<0V428;U
MA((!-+

WPCP$$EOC5U+(.XC%`.[,S%A8'FNB)+63@$:HU3$'7
M\%USG6A'I5VERX`







MQ+.T-.26G]UAR6?WP(RKMN[DR?;MN
2A[G35LTOC[G2U\G1-J-

8^E$G8/)







]Y;9ME



M17@6OX13X
`29JMATR[:H0?$F`JH1;\(@

MJK-\PX^&M$^;+[AMV:GX*)M;R72'O;#O?CU25(V4XCHOV_'#4`'_Y=KPR
M5AJ%;T&3X4*2QR.YN0B4OF$74B]A:9X8WX*VTW@RZ`^;W^5U[R2$67]6BJ3
MA!?21

CM&DWPR!`J+DD9T?2F97`$`JSQX&?+

MRA?')4



M2=W&5U\*7X

N%5\LS-
#SA0U*L6AO9@QFPQT.H]'X



VZ-;YO
M:Z2HZP80:N%^NDL@RM735Y\V6$@ZXQQ+MU^%T[


$(ET1;_W:
0@I@LOWR47
M`#%#IS0Y=**1:O+92VOF@(']UL+L#60M/H-I:GGLY*@<)CL*D\5@4B,P^0.@
MHC#I%9





18(UOV&8+ZQIXP.OQ?SH'5?$
MBM.K!^E@[5[U(%#+J-+&B=N'`)Q:#9WSNYAZ^D+^15T+1\$^'N'P!Y9_U#X
MP=(_*?S^^@?3RNE3XE`
A&+Q:I
]!#^[CRN`FHRQ5G7?]

L9;.U4!D`!7KER;]S_TJLA:VNE_I
-:CF


&2+=
$+)Z*A2&HGSS61G+54.=Q_A




MX*[*BT*4%*.@!60

?U'7Q.U])-@
D6@WJHWIVDXK&+I*]V`M
M()]
//V(K#`<R\(K+!)P;:]R+@YTF\'R1$Q^4$I.:6RWQL
4T#)E;38
ML





:BR
9SI%OLSL\HJ:^6K$Q2DG-3URD#G@JZ1$UVISJ5
MG^.;MJ]84KZ8V7PE#_NS]24DIU\R(`?[3B'8)OF-E=9NVLG-:-+G/EBJ`L
MG?);[2_KP:KH$(9^2E.VNJ&LH,WU:8A?N)0BK0]DW6!6WBNC$(/EN/:8!.P



.A/&G)F]]7'EB:D

AKU!(R0TQ

M=_-@J*8+PAW[)ZQ7R?#+D7)E+&=(P?U@5`)^P0
JCY0

MP?!CSPO:D#;;85EZ7TU$7,6[`ZBY8TNSQ]?E^N;N\^7]U]%*Y_N[V[$J[O
M[YX?;S]\?;Z]OQ

M@CGVO*%'




W;H$G@=`X-V@8/B..223EN*^S<?GZ9;-Y[JATW&P
M4=C9'C.N8%E85`&XV$YL#BI&%=:6[2/#'C

)Q)W$)DA]GB?AOZS$*;1#)1EDV;]BJ26[CI(

)'J\M@[#\NL_QG(BP[\:
MFOBAF?MYI+%ZN6FZHU[26MVS?'70EKY-)\:N'(%:

!M/



M?3!



SUST\-&.:[2F1
M.*5X.=V467F\952?#)$#I0M.SH5B:)]/89]6=[R$90'P!E(EV8


6%NG7]ZZ6H.1$UA$F/]X_W#P^_TNDA0//

ORMS
M6EIKDZ1C6I[G0C_TZ[J7+M(_].CF_I(__V\6\U*MFW*$1:ZN32A&SB6Q4B

M-D6R=@[48):J



MH2(.Q_TWB?I`*N_J=2(7%EST7=NC[9FQ

M;[.$W9

MYNK
]6QL!!](@F.'=31HR

M`;@`$EL@F$[RJNHO`$


(9F;#CXRPV#D3XS!3:!/5V&HS-X
M)'(*[

&/G

M_UF?4^$Q_^-MQ&++BW)_



M

VI1W)^19^R?2V+Z[D$V]Q9'GVHXBE;3
MG;7%_




MFHZW1;YV37.ZIN

MT_%6RJ6WXT#MFHZW1K)V#M2NZ7C7=+QMDJAK.MX2\=KY3[NFXRV6J^?I/^V:





M!C'1GV!OO^:^K!P*HF?/EMBC.!@U\=$CM^8=0/;\B@;J%P!SF:_QZ&?+7#P3



=T]^O#=F852!K[=/V6GCT]
LOX+F\G6WN7DB*^6ON=[
M#D?+&$R.


MXHGAW1[E2]X?BE*.O.BA'V;FU1#R'*DB+*\O\U2H2.5:L?[295MS6R.!Z4
M(^TZPL9KR

M'0!AR^W06_/EA0T47]O67-]?%%6F:[@6QA^)2J_ZBN@VT:
_VE]F6R(]=NO(



3SPOMQX



MC(/SSZGHLF%:OW

XE3*<]EWSVT1^[37_*&M6W4NV%;OXL]-8_MJ;9X??6R3=D#/'.
M-VTP/J'PD<R(_H)@.@^6H<\VI4TE]/?@W'5CZJKODO%_;1CC]=L'433N@

MM;5:(QAK8B/;`ZZZ\UT`0@*T=%0N79VHLZ4P\QS76A%;I%CC
%U=(X2X*S)
M3)^CSRN&G;NT')HA*R`.*XE+-47(BQ![K`U`









M&4ZMH%T:/YL



QMG6'9/)GR.C
EGP5Y

M^^F7MZ(4GEP





M;BAK1$[WFL
.-XT78EAKRO:'L4X+-O!C!


+M$H!


M)V-.S%MB8JP'*YM_

IRICYII^1]



M$KH.
EN6EZMA.B=R&?CV)_M;5+?-F=&?3

?+857POOT



M*DJ*.$A





M^$E%JSV1_O9^`P1GXCC86:MY#DC/DB[K9/99ZV9J[N4SJIOF2N9I2&YX=2

M;.*L?8A)L9&C&8;FI8;)MOH+'5%G5HO.L!6!![%R.X-%.PS2_H.UY?
M0\!-:=F
VVB\H52WE?H[
E&XN9%DJ_?Z3]$#%QQ*3?@
SUH.3PX-THN0O][K
M\*6]E1GZ:FW0BQ()DV%!0G\G;KQ#=L#AP9G/F5D6X?6$X-K)ELI?0O:E@+

M^DHU8)\NE'=_EWO]?J_7BR*0&XYJ$)B
A[$5`4I5GPRU'XE;WP2Y5NP$?L
MWE(BNPQ'(



V-;B[^

M;GD79+1@^EMJ)+':

0D`F

MR


CI4(Y/E_BC3=9&#%(]D9BW@Q;#N
M@V7HLTV0TU%$-O\]DF
B\





57@Y\2*O.X0$'!*JAVHQ'54K1*`$H6HPA$:(JL(Q`Q)`


*Q5%_@%:JNQ=I8G`]GQO=S85N.$^$[


Z
MH#USPX.05



M7J@@

!5
?
I@1R=NH:1;`\N$;`'O$IFXM;OL'





3-6$
MK:._Y%*X8K]B)P5[XFW@L*





7
W4MP*(S[FN=

^8$V7+U;-WAZT(C;O
CA(RAL(TP:PW*



M




M4WKYSFY?&0U&%4)2H
537QXH51*ECNNL
ADEJLL;@$-!*2(/*I(BC;@33GJU

M:..!



\D%_7$[60*^4UYS#
2+QDVE69`J<:L^J:MZ-TU1\E&ZT'
MNA%ZY;VK1+`Z#)N.8;'C%VTDJ8,%8KH__+ZQR^G.H87PAU!CY!FG[O06SH
M73%E^^NX&6;G!I5F#W649C[7_8Z-CM+E4#K%J*O5/LD6D$VQ7Z$A\?KQMDL
5,W5[F3*=/+7:;


A



KT9

6V6*$TQJMY



)UQ:Z+*R6I?3\L


%=UBH+7C$Z

MN=2O6[Q*XG!PH@K^)I*C)TIR^7V(VZIN6*O?1LVFJ)DAACD
O4ZS[*PSK2-[


_J#V&&8\;=^*5%@'\Q


3X3Q_F9AE9H0A^L

Z6AE6!EI3`_HGTK)OCL[2
M2!SGB.J6H


^Q

MNK8^]9A)X%J@`58KRX35P
A8`LG+=RR?T%S-[GXLU7R/'2KBN/2*G=;X&BH#
MM%;F:@6G24-QI)3MX^^.
%8P]



GEJ2?X8B4KO-+&=O);N&9&A=K2&
M8G^T/[OG;5BNOG?


9JYG




MJ9FQ1DTNY*S[D



M[@RLCA+;?3J.:['3]
M;4PRW4+[
@HN=[T%_BYKGO23VB[7PZ8R#VN]=DM)Y
MRXYTV!8;6'W&!M:=A5F%WLS5
4-6=\FJ^FFA=;MM^IW3)G1A]7(4L[X5:DCB


C77&9W<0
\
^[3R#='8VR



M
:N-O*62LR;

X$VN^?XMC@8E6XJU\T4-

M\R;U)^*H=V8Z+9^7JC-*BX(Z&(MR+].JB_`*^WB8*ZN8ZRG+F\6RT#^0N66'




M!Z=
QW@D]W!#HN:X-JJ1E:J_5UXKU._3=JJ^!U3C_&S2P1#GY-GNE!6]R1
M@Y.Z(_NB5PTT=&U_$2%CJ8=39MX_E,4SK;U(_5BQ8^3LO178XPKN3.NWL2


M0VOFW[

M79TX]W

/=
[-5'




DD1!X
*+.Y\





M2O`85X








%PX$-Z[E%HSV+7T.'C'`
@`I0^
[!B@


/NELHQWT_Z
MFL

WX




MBWQ;[95/EJ7E=B268I74



S9:^*&4G$K]!7:U
Q%&:H_K-$F0H
MB?U!^1S24OO%3^SN/$[EWQF&`W%4^JRHSI=1ML*0Q8%2AR^CVZ4CSE)_+`ZD
]H:!;:?5TL7+:AKZ'0H9_9`ERQ2V2[U9;$_

M_/_L75MOXS86?E]@_P
1H-BTX$QUES6]`)[$DQK(.%G;TVWW)9`M.N%6EEQ=
M



$'MG

M;:0RT%!$8_`C#F$46'2&OUSX]RCPUELIU[J@HV$8#2JRZ.5=.`(
M9Z(997!
M8D3%_7:W]]Q?(G#J^F'X/5@$_A+X*[0^C[5]E.54UJ`D%3-.E0VNA15)F@)-



M&+N35;%+K'B:C.56$GQ@JFB`WRY70-YRS_*DCB=;R?8+%*/.QS1*E\T^0J

F%PZM]\RL1C\VQG2^^YVCT(
YR;V@VF


A)$;PD*%EB-SALYV+&1JF
M=(.U=#MAILJB
J5X#VC!_0K+80;]W`W.(G)F1W7SL#)T\Q#ACPJ2E:;.Q`DF




M_;
=S.^`*L/7



<;\.$BJV_
M%:BD0#
M=L.F5U-.?V7^9DDVH%5Z?^#Z9XD'ZRA**([PX$T#REJM6T@Z#;=F

MQREZB#ZZ_ORO7__Y#P!^?GV1+UZ`YOZM1W!SIO;#Q_7I?N'8=]U/?O#5#LBG

MO9P-
LSOLRGI3D=9$;W^&N=]5?05%^_S6_??F@U&Y6WX3I7:FJ9#[-3A5P+K
M@ZK83IU.0942Q'D)53XML;]QS3Z]40TA_6B[MC='P([`#!$RZ!$&!/P%^(;L
MLGO9-
CVF7'7#:N.P[W%!!6)IU@




[MI1[#GD9Q^`0NO2

+
VCY/!^P2$)?'(_LMOBG
M2VJ#^

M88DGK.@)6T#]1%P];]A2-HJ=D=0]S'1#$+^Z6/;A\)P@?N4E



PK8_S-S^)\RWM$6XG!O3


EW]K7`-6-%4J]TMUTX026?



?)

P


LVU=#G_MP/[3OT8'L^GH/^'#O@].3\M_[)]\DO^@%1

M!


J-L1K97OKWY


LR
M-JP?.(]L?WVSY`XK%-`EE]0?K6]`'`#ROXC^XBN.[L@4;10`^9)]FUSTZ5:'
MYJK4H[-UIH[.;L.=CHH+Z/6?_Z?)N_L*S
<,&5#2VG0O!68:4`PTLO/<CQM=P[.2J]I
M$%E0Y42WV14O51#HD:#*9CT+P<3

M:)W
Q71UTLRL`A6-&U;$+(P]J(JX
M2C=R8Q5D/?@UU3)4





MLF$O]/1;XETY.%SYX8;&N/CO&#O).=)4887Q+


O%T^'5VYT04?#


M[I4TLD!AM`TF

3?T+BD]V

Y8)M





;%F;=8'86A]A#8?M
C4PFVZSW$%'&`3$E

MZW6TJ^3!S(B(W3&;GB1H-560T46X=2AGT'H
;KEY_%6$'J)WR:@^`#JJGRK&
M[

S;VWA?P0U)GM[*Q?L</K(0LOB_@)`M<]XFK];Y`&0TC












M#&


RYWNTXK'_@
/';Y&/E[XW

IEKVF!4.QZRR-6:\6A%A[WO.




$YT-5I

MU@?Q`_#L#0



W4&7]!0)8RL@IFA&%NR\

M(K:OE1L
-*
#OF:.`+@O#]4.
-J8E=-4=?-5RHL`\&CEJGBYV$4K5Q2D4E9.

/?:_KYAJ!_13
MCOPS6/\.R$71'1


_A?$[8XY=)I%5NR

/]BI=



M)51M2:_4N
[
#FFLAAW5J*[OA

M
<Q!K
MGO+1LKTDR]:

\=FL82]8ELR)POIIKJ1]EJ#


K!S]`AV
6^F`-2:MA



MT;$W=4%


M&5G




H'E`(/_OM!G\&7B`O]^WXX

K(=D.UE5Y;MCQW/#QF?


3AY(Z0[%-.:NA3
M'
:Q[R(!0AAMH-YF7&:0%N@*H(



:6*R
M/0%%
:ZH.LU:A(!LZ^W)1S!4/1AN<)(K%5=J412
MH5E)$



M)V:11*5(;2*;;0\CE%H5;?MC!;W(&ZX6XR'24S$'10*`P!%:/I4T2@\P?%
M#Y6I=7%'&9G2ZQ`'_S+AA]!_0,_(X6G7U'?'L
W5W93AA$FW+W_/1D.TC6
M^^N[?O8CJ6:V;BUJWWZB4^*\=P


)9C;[JQ&=55W
M=HRMU




MR(@ZS[D3[=89.2?2^5K7

:P#`2`'`
M:`

4;YAZC6)'$









MF\UGV_!!LY5F
&
7H..]&K-D0O;Y@M4OK*%#!S[5/^$5#*Y%U1IAO6U$4:F
M[M?:U+$#9,G`$R;+-(
4TH11:8[J;7IKGW(-YMCZ/#5Z3T@W#-1/$J+JC3#
MM-H((U

JPXMLNIIK:T:JF`T93OF!?:`\YU@?\$P
M.CX_&.3[Z&#+[

^RMSR\WFM[7Q/



V!\GOO(_L6L7?A-S
MRYID2G4`1FQX


MT1EAU%OL/G




7A*LWL:OJB&^QA(FG\E/`_43TM'T
M$;R)CU1T6FD0-W:!7&^G6!%1[I`;#9$&P6

]

M;^#EZGCCXD61\$9L?]8(^;W@




MNGX$*GF(IX;
#$=(ZJQ\B_A\[7;JQP9IV
!N




MS#4

M`X-ID4R
I\6+9



5
M1-!#;\37(4[G$]Q^I


2#0AAC:&-F1;JS+
6%=M-3DD:C#C

8?DZ'FIZ=98
'UVI6F$L_K*E-#V$(KB:*GC9@V

:UJ'G





MXY0%/




5G']B\@?_X&
P


M-G$Y=$:LBRYLF_APLGJ_
\A\4VSKHBI&FUD;F!'KJ`A5XE56)?-FRS?!MHJH









M:Y+)9#78M9$3IMX-LOE30'U^FV95BE\+Y4F0%IA0R'/S^BX=304YF_6./_J=


!_JBPQ2
2LE'6O@DO(/]PX




MM9A/I51CA%-*`%B@V0MZ`QDHX.0OU?3X5JZ/%K-PAPHSPNDE4
-/S!?TODWY



MM9*V8E]41OD\'6'A@41AC2K?X5L)])U@3Q*\65BG?C.)@I7R7MA31[=G-X[@
MRD1&SN`M8@_QSD?3\%=!


M2=

M6$R7]PYP*5O




:Q%/S8.


#$S
#
S
5]D

&-KI1!C:Z475XP`!!4.```$.0$``.Q=6W/;.+)^/U7G
M/_!X7V:JUO$M3NS4Y&S9LIVX5KZ

M\*J6PWD91\2EO_Y`H+O1`'_[V^O$M9XQ%X31SSL'[_9W+$QMYA`Z^KSCBUTD

R&&A&/K:68]
MD&?L60


MRL:E.=X+'\JB
M@GP205=]9B


MR/K)FTWQYQU!)E-780Q^&W




M_PQ_[C


I^HRT
@0B:=`
W#1$W:#;)G4
M0GN;%#34U=+-/WLE(D_N]#H+&

%3G8`
M'!C$B+-?%//ZK3+UON1+8PX'`'FW3$I$/:D&-]BA\C#'(GLUSZ[2*D7'Y2C*
M1@`E87%V)?O_+7\

LG11!^]2[=



M%.6\BJ=M3I(3IH:)%4T`&U8Q5!)+:DDD!?5TYOR[2FG
%2K(E6A\!IE2%0

M
E6F4OI





TT*A+AAN^42F2



IW*Z?TKHHZK/
HHZTA=.A9$'7I



S#XTJ@EDY2XP9(U(C$-\



MD678






G_88G[+PW)@^N&!8$4*833_H%M$$0S2-1WK.
?FN
L@8I=C#
M@2PQ

[%Q$:I*

9K.Q^]\_
[';Y:@OV/W/X1&PICXA[H*6^*S
MYZ!H4--1M*#GNY[/D:L^MNE38D=G)@N_&N6:VRX'OAQ&8
M^Y\S_1

+0-

MFXDPYQ[Q[2+

G7S:_


M+Y^ZQ=XMXFH.?\;%O

OZ9=';IEW`^9=J
GV[E4*@+E3;

3
//V*U
B=NZ



MH582NR\+@0D-=E\6*DCW%\Y$8:JC2J`MQ'*!Q0@9M&7QS+9]=3+=P\X%GG)L
MDR!Q2/[MXD#MU#F;

T^087&M


#@`2WN.

RA25=*$


I9WBZ\(#VT1'XREJ:AR+A6B



M'#OGLWL7.Z


;!6


#9I/D05@
#(H@&2#=YPH\;&


MSWLV\ZG'9R&%T3]6V8M^_N/;8(6F^`

MJ%
)O5%U?OV[1IWJ`0B/H(@ZE=`;56?O5J-.]0$05]$G4KHVM7I8!*J4OZQ
MJD;YTQ]]/$+N)946^S%*DPML0$[

M6F*ZL;3



X




2V

9G

M$LU`N&[+Z!
&);!!FXP74THDXN+?$0(A1]U@C+C.;BI0'\(=6J;?*S`&!8W/





QIJ.9

;T&`I85]HKY#:


F




_OP=1QOB)H]@.-/JQ#EG
MH@#$36

MX.A`85X[%4%$2S+*R!PE=.84VTH=UBJQ5HFU2JQ58E^G7-N%$FOE6BO7&C_D

V^UPOQEE=VA\$JJ?\:#-.




M0]+Q&S


2%!4Y5:TA6*Y:+NU#HA(5G_UGQO+\GPOR
MB_'Y8X/WTHB[`7WV^3=Q2R.G,V4_)I0%+CL;]POQY_$I']^BMD-F/^;(I56
M'\-`L!YTM0AZF:SK!XUZ)!R!W:)U=FF^`F_
`+W:;FK&=XRQ8TBGYLY%EPO
MOBO*4^&-*-[OG9N_V$_JO9BVR]L#1T!67;N;@D_.*@$$=&(ZS+W2$8*
X`

C?/D+^R_X.VNSD8%G\@$(


8L]W[Y`CK3.C;@]!




A$?A7D9NW=L&\<^DMOG)0TAN+<K
M%\Y11JPFO/^-.AYSVMZ*(K-G+0`83I5SN4IQ;U/8JY2X'VP9BAZ:6#E4[S;






6W051V!W7U44!2AC'B;7F'MD^4A*&TKD#Z0*+0#)+\;0%1B!AL
3
M]MDWUVI;^&DC0(*+^=%YP@LT0+XC^A-SAIAND0OY5@-4UPF$/[8A8'6\00/P
M*Q8AA():)BU[890\!U0C6-L+A(^VZ0E8QQPX#`EQ?WF^?[_=(8\*5QL[PV70




\`*
M

M)'



V??QC&Y+\SC


^[DI4
M`W?*W.L%KOC*Z-/-YX]?X#R@Z@/,2H8!X)L/IDVO`&54OZ(]!*%`=[G*XHE/
M6((`D,US!C\*O[3LTIQZ:(VO=4_(0A<0$J%N+C,%'Y`M.-_17X1.XS`B6TQ#
M4_O-^^;V&S'PZ#RM=[81`<F5AR;P^!UY3HS3JNDS(<DAF?NM:IAF:^Z5X
M
2A.EZJ&0S(=5-$/8/X?$

Y7^0K*@^'@H_7A$I1%;YAJO`[

P7]
MIIST

MM:XDO'

MDVQY%`.#*X@&

+8+Y*GT\BZN'PF_=W[+G\WJO2$^IZP)=Q


S9C]L5]RDQ1J:[T-7;Q61!I3C7*2G;!Z^7B(M.0Q/L[


M9/Q12L#HMY2$D:#A;05*6M^








V




MA?TQ9?T9R@M4#38@OT=/

M7(.;LL=PG%9*-H9AS$'AYLXGOXQ#2S]T9+EAXX\$`=9*8ZTTUDICK3362F.M
M-&_#2L/OO@4E+QZ[82?[WQE!]\$ADF_
)/^7Y!6+^C5ZDP\-RMYCS!TT\1BZ








B[
;D$VXA@8Y)YSI6OP?

!D!%?PP!VS%8JI7NV*)55E?3Z0O!$
MM(&RQ-#E7W5YG)(LKN$_
/.


2=0('TB^(W1)D8L?L8/9]<Z.I5#Y)E&G(P03D<F2+H3:O#7AQLE



#$S
#
S

&-KI1!C:Z475XP`!!4.




M5B\DI:#_];$A^TC_]/&;WW_\]ILOW_+P=Z0/$/K7+(WQ'=XAIL#WQ?&`_^UW

M_.GN6@KH#SU9-=-7LVI9##4L;+4K%M%

-SE2(PJM9&RP:




9U)Z?
@?R;AE_[?Y5_*Z6(5-^


M+0\^:$N#*)%K[[S%6922R5YX06*



M@UJ)X7*_(N]-&%S/(2NSO(IBG)V39I_23!X83JB@PH)0V7Y0Z)$`A`1!^[*`

K)P*'@@!A%


(`ES)0\,'E%6B5&BZ(TR1/
MXRAD.=1G04QSD\F$%N,B5^15N3._=9X3532&=DH$8U)B57GCZ5,X-Q-1\\.S
MU?O[RX=[N`\N3LA8%^=!EAW)F/BG(YE*6F&O##F806
MQHC1N?&9*&5
.D&

M&1*R`@#=(WZ*DH1^O24Q:I/6%D&W#!3N

XM.!C\W7R0M1(\V.1L)[CX)C
^+U.1]G/_=N4\/&Q\80DO/C^,PUJH
M&6&@.;&!CD*'F44[@^LG8_5SY]`7);XBKG.'8[KS=TL6B^1CJ@=Y-0N,PYO`
MX`.`BMYY0-`K,\QK+3&B/8!J)E1S`0_R4Y!D-9)#Q0434);X%))!VU4,6O;
MN)QW;-



6DV`+0W3X/C8P*`5GLO<@4Y\6PI_[R

T
M;J+@



Y7.:%0\XVY^E69:^1LF3]%U*$250
MD4FYTKV:DD
R]R4D93H

Y49\$**8$&)+G2O;%G2.9^F)'I
!Q15O


^0V``XXYE#ON
M9.&(XC1(2*AA&8LK=
BB9!L=Z
QY3PLKP==2NPV.]+*J616U4V+8^FEBU465






MD'H0O=FCG-S]O%&GRW!ZU7%4;Z7R/$`SQ65!.+R$8'OSQ;^[+G:W6SRZSV)]


ZCX;7Z6'

I\B]_)8/8GHHX'RJ

MQ`2!7=R&_=+`H]?P)
'XR






M#L8M2?D%8Q`@/0(ZI['Z;`&VI//*&OO-(+*E)X#^#U
++^16_$V9N^B?X]
MLU_5=ZG`KT1-['_P$XP!E$UW



M-(H

MTJ/X4RJ@



M




^

!2$D5






918/N/-%N)`'B-

+AV4=<PJ[5.5RFD<:C;%4Z[LNV?@NN/H.4&*NO@



M%X'#@VLJG]6)@\MTT`W.\^^1(D(




CQD48`0WK!
=%N@^BTSK_&EJ@]&.5XKVD8Q&A^U1C
MN1;#Y
X3*T&_5.0#
W&45+R$Z@XK:;YTB=,[QM($/9)@*II-3LU=/@?G=?
M46/0^.#+5R3HEXH(R%2GZ^ETN49FNFR^HC1.`1W8TDRL\
FK$\$L0P3:2!:
ME=5!B



V4;&!=Y%VZCXP@/[Y]22Y9ZH
M1PQS?J#1PQ9@;R0Q978_JMAI-@S*G#DJLKZ`1QM8D`X+%`F/QI2.IV8!*E]D


M7P29
E-FNK8N#ZK2[:^5JA=E1M/]&
8_!7&)/^-7]HO\P
J(%^K@R@)8_P#+
M@!'@(
M8*\&!%MU_JIA1Q8TJ]A5B`FCRPFM%`'3'=0H\^B-U)G:]ADM'\
ZI


M9!^(@6-6#+ZX)Z^-C9/6DWRO'$)A5'`3]ZY!/#S('^^BM/7W#P_7\`GI8O

MB^B%3.NPSNS&`)[*60DY)/G1RE0+PY



CE
MNJV?0#E_.P!YETN!$&0X=A6]BA1E36.LJE#_1B6]O4W^N*6!J*QB#TI-G--1
;C4ZB+8+^TX5HC\5XS;BI,\.TPDFX:'@0@6!Z$[%CN


)R:J?G1'O:&G8-*A,ZP8'.49T9*.'X'3,(^,D74&E.W06T(SW1ZBZB-`

?#Q

MN:I^%#-B#[4K$#O]4X$UQ.EZHCK9]:+_8]@%-A)B*C);`?*U+@.O.W:5YD
[M`=*&URT
M6<!NP/?^AK`N2DSOQ=QA5@SE-L@*FP`EX?8E5G!J8.6D-6#\*70R]0@B8CJ

75@A_+W!.3Z@'Z]S

A/DR*MA`5P\2)I(\&#/
U31UWEIB

,KE0104JV3J4@TW:MA]7J&L)J?J_WZ;<WD

M%FD%*5X:B/V:9/E/!K[!85YM3-)K-@)\+YLGC+FW!Z7R9NO/!Z,:\ZU+*4

-'#$<



MMUO1\


ML/OT\&L^(0#IWA-/#+O3--1$MRU!.3X2H]VS%V;@UUCV$/(.0K@8!*OMHJE?





.
1?H



M[ID=D(5::=I[GT;0\U^PE7!4,T;5;$3W815NY,O*;BO3(@C)U[L+8H_2

M2CK
3@1

M@L4-V(RW=:/U;,%=@V:_0,O#5H7DX^

-%I


#1-K+

M!(!?U9D18%5E`*,.@&`MW6:`]K;(`HEZ/LD4*6PAFKVRUYUOP.4N#IM7%!M
MJ#ZGIC10U9[,M3PLIJ6^FI-=7X)/D;G7$*@^9'5(AL2@M65DZA\4DGNA`JB
M=IQ0!=DS$]7C'Y59$&*PJFI62M.W
2#];5(7@[M?

M?B
[HA@G^CP;PKPWCG@&$'NCP3':SE,+"*/;,,KT&]OGZY/GKY
?#QTO!


8L4EF^35LT
MBHX;Q#JAI\.8EW,7VS[@IR]1![6N*DT\/FAF;#XX_29[I+HKVSL.4^3/(WK

.%@UH[A8\
L@IT'BAFU'CX9
MRLE&1!Y9]$1$PH$
D$:%\QP.D4%5=W?3OL

/8Y1S?P%CQ%GG
;GZ[LP`N8R&JWM!/*]@JU

MYIX0V4?C3!0E!U3^F!9$/Y%




:R3FJ%:/HBRH89*B:IL]FXJK/F;NS6GA?+)BE\W63
MG0C/K-)PY63#[X^5FJ\HU/=JO%H^+8!VZ)LSSCIO2%_^E..[Z.FYR.6Q74
+
M
)?4*=Y.&V6$


-6`#MSGSV%79



7\W4$@T@QW:6+T?0OD]
M&!M&(C/S)U@G(JHTI7GO
VET+^!J=_H,9

D!<?UBKV9<-66&
MB05VT'AW-^-T[M$V:BG,DMIE*XJMWSMAS8MI?NSB-3IO=FKH%JD`4R0I0A
Y3J;J*O<
D9U/A!(?



=Z
%RC8VP#K17T31O?AWURKX3A`F*K++/0?'+M_WC
9YEH`

MKHT^`Q+(UT*WF(2)QQ@;CGDJ!JBW0'40^D]_RJ@!7OI4JR*PFI;!OY'+&DV]
M

3?S`CDY\/OE!AX@HX5[M]S
7EIR_VQ_)!+0&\;2YZ/
/



M

N.^P+?PU@Q_B791$


MJ1[\(4IG09(';
I
2T2R_XRK!RS

-^*!.L@T!]0^T-4P`
MY]I&&@F.MQD?XAC]&Q9G!`=X8^PY.ASH99@D_)$$
R+_B:XXS=S'E!GH'I@5

BRFLDAG-.
M+1=0=5@S



J\?\3@O75UC
?



2KUML@`RP
26(




8!%$.%\



M`+.'41#;^8(5-\P
882*2H\*R5J;]A_**CGH0`21B7S!O*J@7O4(
`&8%29Q


M#&ALL88KB##&




'$7\$%/=77JJ8T+



MK

X_O!K%CV\L#=/*QRBH=OA&*:JELT5W+19Q@#YU_
T
MO008/<K]/LB.='%3OZKQ8QI'8:`OMFW`.3]QI!ZWJWE<N^]ABH-[:]BK!;:


%F.558:*5BCO`FP`[0OV
DC
MUB



MCGJ&4
\/+


MI3.+G`2$A/Q?01E_CHKGZH&=A

'D/'O991?HJ/W*M<[93.



?516/4;9



AD
MP+C=G`#;6L6

6)'FPI9.I'X(HH75.[G#U`(BD


+Z'!T.9/#]
[*BA/%?4X5_2%]P
MEK!):5X^YE'H2=UI^9-7-.MF[BA8X?.(S*#)TX=4O,9@N9**9
$#)YC0TP
M(^*.UEQ29
=POP
%TU
T,#8I%!1WBI[!,[M4M#ZX)LW
M]YMA;7,.31W:9_FM\\^#9!]BA3MV2=/X-X^AZT/OWI%`VV?
VCJP7O-9T=:
M:%



M*;

MCY;+GQV/$Y7LM@70+Y0=
7X?

;Y3G6PWI2I^1`5XMMVF15:K3O/_

N?T^S7ZX0$

#CSR3=?1F!

MJCF@K-P.`'
!.A85%1D!L(W+D-V71ID?TS^''!,U`EO`[*&XZZ7LGK`W]&
M%UBL9$'?9AD!7%8AVU@0:%%L2RTU=;`9#V)
_'7KJJI^_V?X.S!B[+K]73T;
MU/5#


M]SA[B;::E'H!*=BQBE3MDW.4`1W$P8E$=%)26MGNBIR7
?$N&95NLD;'32
MI;_+Z$'-10Y`8#-#8BC#D6DBMYYUSWJ@4]G'80A













M+L






!CWP]586C'J.`'_$X-30C!\WH6FH3



MOD:Q/._:5@Q4ZOTXN/W$?#L9`&G[8Q04I
@W8CXR.:@35*=)HP^M+-0(^P+N

2URT7/\K3'43.A8ENJ3G`97-)X5]_)H-0_I+^!/Q$P
M-_B8@8\Z\`&3!)BPTEMGGB*4'0MJF(22XR@]%)&E!SN$T$,U%%O7:2[H6,!
M'9:/P7)]ZA=FNQB.SL(7^3KS'TW8!BW1L?8400!KYDF0VT7T*DPJ^H)JHX9

]_YFDOL^`IG=QM1(



-Z(
ME6Q'D?[/

M;0FO5Y/;D-=]S6XKQ8;[#Y2]VW18H48$JF6@KHHRD0)4^GL:QA924$.*VC++


MF/Q^GNX/07*
`P[:6STT(A_%Z'$,.,3K2MVD,[VF=

MC



'FID/51W9`$%5X3CN







M^8PO[L'OPMX75



]805-M1FJK/;;O
MY*Y0)YFZ1N;/A5



?9V$]W%:%%'R=#5P



%!![_ZY0*TR

M
907R#216@['X(?Y6R

--CI#:#X24
!Z@4)JW


^I8)BQ


M%?9F





MNYC'?J5\Z&A?8V&'$ZBY@PZ3;.X*C4]!HCDZNF8/9=%DQ.:7T9VD$NEK2-%W



9BJ/CP^U
M?
0:H)D8I(D!F:^3@9&=TV!^:3#[/&G8/

M%Y6IHW8_Q+$!Y_6/`R/6&-P=[#!ZY@`6EN^+R=O:.ORHH5=^EI(L.=Y^^92^

M6H!0H8H


MW0!J6SAE`BJ=N5CO=$`716A0@VDYC
U'I56;
@'=
NL=+D_VAIJ-LLW45%
M?H:3[?

H


8?.P[/HE@`QJ=4-%B87-8(1


M9H`'P*TT$]EILSJJ):SX%5


MJ%/M+K

MU9'X/

M5*?
&CI]Z9DIP7






567=#7F]FMB)@9DMJ3A&7Z9G(JUL





M+2*N25_Y'_WV*@XNTBW-:#K[9HY+\F.`W;I2]D.LK2[V_2(*&#R@*15]/
MNXF^1MTU

!2)+W6;U

M5S;%
\XL@Z]6C?AU1N
H!J9/@3(HT4-??F2MSIEB&3Z%&`^ZV`M@]/XY!3
MD%O&V=\H95/CV[MSA/]21@=6Z^9`

R%3W+E!9:SQOMK8W


QV'^J4QX=P


M#F5;K
(Q$!1)-F0!6B
90VB6BE@-FC6BHEHG?UFY+W+?A=;M&


M=89OJE5


M_5YA&M#Z@4WO'$COY+0!P`5)FA19LW*(-X\QM$34_:BQ-?)9_Q6/+SB^`5_
M(C3/LIF(C0@A8HUQ-ZBQ9C;_0+&4K7A/+H3@#H)*T1DT(&02D&5&%3)`5K9
MS(DS;26@L())/36A4+_Y/=H+8;ISQ]NZ&

2?



R^LU






M#[;LPOS/4?'


M`EJI@JT4&AJF`




MUP1L-4-5@6O/
&UK/LCU%!TE:(&Q(#E^POM'Z9&KD!)JG215NK\F&I`!K'\D
M.@BFT*RH8TV*?JF(![MJKA8U



MY^B`=FR=(@QFY)VNL6`QPD2B'9&)LD[HBE:YJ
72$8_EHGTL@C




MPDI*X&+P]L@HX]-Z%\L5_,`K?A-@/06]H&]^MUO3;#Y7C))IXU%ZK9X$_3

;?22@K.
UK

H9^=_G2!O7=`&:P4JIGGVI+G]
M5#]4O[EVG?P9LQMQZT)[7*;A@'M=30/B]$DU3GH.VI*G:27I**&P4%Y&G3


XHM1P3=VJ!]&2(BF2_@CY[
B?^$W`YCPYHH]J?SPN^E:WNB@O


2D\XP[E_QLG3_WV.+H*+(









[
M!

P4]8@UZ4Q?;Y/'U]R((0



H[QU^BG(BC*R@?++@^^<T*QYPMJ?U
M=)5&+*2$L6.%TKPI\B<6[-4!\&U&D*)*&E5VQC6JBWU_JC7VYU-WZ3)DY%)
MBPAA+%JN
F_00RKG]BQ386`6E-`;:[;2VBM;IJ]TL9.?'W#ZE`6'YV@;Q(IC



MIC_`V%&G$F]'/_[1N1TU30XWV]$O?P2R([E.F\\_H#^2_X&PHO//$G7I#S!6
MU*G$6]'Y9^=6U#0YK%^+?OD
9$5RG7Z\_KR&?B+R(7A;E\5SFD7*$G0R8LA'

R#)+PLLS3?[$CSP6.
;[-T%TER
M^T=+`3B.'P^V/:BW%P%SA#]6SX$A
D&(2$*U*-3(0DP8VNQ0+0[5\H`._W^[
MD-5I`S/COOSI#I&F5U]__;4-T`DQJ!:]?DQ?L`2'//18
`-$'&MH;:`QYH2)
M+Y;J#6RM



M642-.XBOTC34E)TQ8H-Z#
`
3O\I`#4/X$
`)HJ):\I33L2Q(LH+7@IF(5#0







M+3S%)*-YN3?D/`M(+C![


#R#NV`!J(XT)$TQL


M*H&IO
XX6IIOAFT$WLRPE:(\



C[1(2ZAJ

\^MLVOHDA

834R@`;QK

D\KPO)JYX

%/_6I%3!ZY


M3LF@BN--\:S:LSNE@
B4$BK994?U?@;*B!+H
$S#B6/$J*`RGSQ24I/A9*)I
MI66[WP_;76=,%1L77D9TSL_S%Z$OF7(`_4PB@&0_NLH@:`)U*TV@AJ5W0\
MB&




WT6$
$.#7&5^3!A2.1\
9H,38(2HI82?.;].=CCS:ZGOG+*K:'
M
1$M`-Y2I


M$G__/]\7GO


MZ\M]!4:T\I
X!


M
A-]MR84(GP.X1(@]_;[$D_#:;-C_(4
KY.0?LOHTA\[2`K5F*`'\8X]6S
M![(U%IZ0EX2B3S!NT7N6
(6]?@^^S6+V@VCZ




Z#?:O'E*5R[05GI)$7N`QTH3\*JLF0&'O\'(M

M8DV_`;R(ZPM7(;R?W63+KC=(T+JS;`FC?4


A^=JZM.5N3T/
N


%60OB#_DT\1YP?Z-^]=*U4_WL%-IB;A*A=:^P








+POWXX_
%)(MS'8$FD;9+B]&F(2]PQ




\X4D

MF-D'IZ.6!F5_]Y7,A=3)H*&L'%\2A44](!TR3&7CZ0V*ED$$O]ADRQ



4!CS7-+K^N(SAU+*#*FU`%ASIQS.JB2.ES3:7



MD&LT'*I02MO.$QG8-H;NI9Z9DD[9)*&4MITD
K!M#.T3YL?^44..%9V=5D;Y










M

A*RTO21@X.O!0V8$

J][
MQ-DM4$MK\5H!CV10SD)AJ4GYMDH9-R`Y!JAXC`2@6+-RC_`
E6.ESKNE
D.V



00[2L+

M;1?=GP(_J$YF[#'.KC1D#K1`UL?E5'TO;Y*O&
FWGUW*3;`&-F=/5W`:A+#T
M-.5V

MGSI02@^?2&*0^GA20].3;1@B8Y.R*3!DTW)0*'L:0_

MN:$&;!^/9VBGD`@]K#$]TZPJ;WGH
.MOD+Q8-W+#[PHFL&G9/$.P_$TC4LK
MA:5=@0A-\&KH!GE)3(WA;=LR$11B+A@E

M5@0I=?6%8EJ^!]J#/BE9`@0C0(]E(D`K33E96\Z/I#7=M\FROJ1YO&K:$+]8

MT7?3G[S




M'K$E3LWM]Q.8O&@N;4A)*!:DL1!X-T#]J0A6M]*OG1#;TGZAV9'%9,UKI6




MZEA/#@9
99E%35I.#=/O?&@-Z=0I1%5NU



M

/W4SNY4JU&
M&
==$-X$R7L\3;S+R21(Z+G@654^Z=5!3S9.7L6S:VE:^QCX

M/\1&X9E(U4^^*=!7KT%*FOQ`-WG/Y5X2X-3Z9%LW5?4:U*1I#V+@*XM[3DR%


M9Q#&

1-@^TJZU
M7KIZ/%2S
%HE




ME]R
-%5K;8_K&JEB9[/
M_\ZT1=5/('33A/IVZQ3Z6E+7
+^
*RK4FR



MN*;R[`[YP)\HV'`R!!G'.T4;3EG(ECS`5%ECS(

MGC8G!ORZ#/P'#_TG(1G/
!(\#1?;U=46893)M9]9_:K*SH#1IE&8'_H_$$?R
M^-U#LRQ/L\1


;[07KL

M'8STLJL7MC2X`)4IJ]?OXZ&B(_\
2)')^I[G)*:BTDRKX1I[5.&)_*UFEW

^#GKR]A


\'1_7Y()=/7O8M


4
M^0LF4?&$R742$J57GXOA3!-G]6DBE^X4XM.9(6W`R5MP\B:TW/PJ0Z\^WE+@
M9T\/4A+47.85
!=MI
L+J++\9'1Z

MU&Z@ASC:RR]



22VPS3$<5BZ/RDX[!ICS(A3B9%Y_58B7`'1@VM-WQE]HGT

MJ2
2)838MSP;F7J
M2NJ#[OB'.!&\PAG!_`*704@0X[^AGA7)*S$:4CL]06'%XJ*6IQ+6FQMGHC
M/G@%:AHW8GFFJJ3:HEOB/R<C))%DD:S)CY=X,%ECJ'?H0^\CVKX!MB/TI




M`UO


^)WPE6(5C/5J)MO_F[C<Z2C9MMU-&G

M=4


MG:]?-TD5Q9C!JC)P/DA#Z^&M!QTL^!KA3]]M%.\9J:^EEDM-'!+X#I(6FU

MI-

[F(



ML^+6&SA;VN$K6#%T;^?K'V7V1.3OP+?Q?)GUT$DZ/$0JSQP?G0`69!DZ[1

;1\3YRWUF34;$0)FB#&I!&WV^
MTGZ2\HA]*CBU!DZ.-NB*Z*BANU

I:<%JM=K&/.Z
M^.8R^;JW^8,LS/$M6]VX\2QKFX93RB[0%8WI#QB^!SM\HV!=UB+;T'I.764
MOK=




MMT#KK`+-G!\=8
X?ZIX#Q`THE%F`#76(P_L!^
3O_H)F\SB2'=+G]2%-Y#E8




M($V
`'W9Y!V'#3=^2Z+3

^?
M=3]PDI-MW


M8ZZ=+HG^F8`0-^BMUGE&;T`
I!9&#?=OUE*=M5B'R-6Z/FJ&REDE\2KIG1;J
MO2M]ZR5G`@E9Q@U^
=



MQ:N;:S2V_K?';$?$BH:RMSV*I;_0%$*D``ITJQ=BD;#-Q2SQ,BR'KPB&ZL



/B&



B/2)4C5'S._=,LU;*F&E81M_JIN7C
ML3%(]!%\YUNZ7,8&2W/Q6'(9E_IANEJ]X;89GUV!FL810?$'N:T*&-S1O-:B
MJP6WS+SW(5#3.#JTM9\$$SCH+5D,758QYESJ_CG_6(9!A^I?R1B?CJ$Z@Z'
J*@DBR]
M!\%%1U82C_U1:V[GYR-CDZ/+DY.1N<7IZ-333/[NH\OX-LCP)1!P*--YHUE


CH\M=9\98U
O:!P!





M9\IRDTD\#O







MI]$@#_I.CUP

MLY=%F08


M*T/1-9

I`][`=^K!7KF(
MI?:F8].^E5#D!4^62X]^=EO\V3;S
G%9LHVX]W$/8!2_P`E$'XS3BWI!V\PM




MG7H`].7M^_0`[)
A6JBJ

M
?8Z\*
X3-)[I_=$'S-L_8@UR3%JV


5*
MQTOG3.4I@FLX2CT;;D#3?M5'!2$)D

M:N]6OJB[E3?\URLAF7U:0!_^WWB)238^TL0N-^0YW'N$,J)&*3+VH!%91M#
MB7JR^5]S2Y2\I+;%/DHA@]XR+C;NKA:/8+?@_#:`U'$\'=+2C&.`@(FK-M=






R'X0!C&CU?1'$
MU6^

R/+\




MCW:^(WT$9ADS)($6_.CJ33::'^6E?'K5PGV&X828=2;&%Y8`J_DC#;S@4U_N








-3@AMNTXJ3-.'D[3MJ0.?D-T^Y$'/_:=J$A/LMBPG!L5K;@
MPRLOC3-B0O3N_V
?(7KOQMG&`&UUVW%AF/N
RAIOYFYK$HEC#
56^L4*S&P

MS-SJHRJ(RZ@








:
_.N-
5:DZT^AJJ
M<`(L9HU!QK$?C8XO1GH'G8`91(/:<S3F!K6O._\%!K,0+.=H`CQ&D#NUO'%6
M%#`+PY9\
P-@G^%LVT4V6/(-+/2RIMK5B$+-5A8JE1Y^$1G/P\SY^F02)

$\TTJ99F-:#J3!V_#I@6+#IP?K;$B!9%20
M01L;_OH/B@U__8=U-J1`
NJ\OXT-KY\H-KQ^LLZ&%$A&G;X7-G0ARNR'_[%M




M`9C@CJPJA2E65BYJKYCK+X#0VC!MG=&GTI0]%R5-F;BY0/3C/\ZJ+[OJ3
M^0*$?S1]:J0$#)\VBC;E4]D=Q/6#72321IJ=X
^D`M]E_8I:BEM^`SK0P&[
M26/2=:.\?L5V_

MLE@]G?P4EX[PW


/3P]8C`O\.R+PFSEA]4K3Y.M^OO`&A'(
M/=PBUDZB]?1:_6+SOD?5TO801`:@JHN^C70XT4.'KWZ(=XXS'_T)W=(WMUC;

:IF;%$D=/L7Z5(2J


M:W?$:VZ*@'+WF5'\]8+&6;:CD=A69V`V-5+[=0[]V2H!_A/^6*.L4W=!X%X'
M#['+N+#%KV:TZ1F6VEZ^M41JJL'_WQSXL]\1^-(KN=@#F!X`UXXMB;7\L2



M
X`!K=QX@KB

M5W`:E(IM1=1+'NT=LX_V-CT@AWOYWWXDO?B+D_6C5
')N^+\F'?&IH.^C&P'

&O(ZEGN.)`_$]B9_ML`PPJ8A6%+(7@&F[6?
M]-\FF57(0@T6ED*J_;AG9^F_33ME&DVIN5`&KP-A=-_6V!#B3M!W$[2_]M


MF*6UA\Y\L_;CH3/)K$(6:NVAXUO8LEVE::5,@U_5VFB#0W859I@Z4YS,QN7
M@;M*LFJNK%PIJ^5VT19*VS7*FRKTW:&?:JEUP@

M;!E$





S;LG[
M'`9X9


M6G\S^.$@*-`.F**PUVP.O_5=#8NP^N-0FRMULJNP48M7H-XVF6(_UV':\\
.
M9\Z60&-P(M%^\L



BLD`'8=6HW


<QRA
M67









LF
-Y[6]

!2
SEK6E-.
(H]+V
LR2UY+VG3/EAMFEBU?+
M
?B$4(WASU-APP$%#[<1C%:D#7T=1#%


S+;WC23G&;




-6-37O+
MH3Z]ACM]EO/&_P27`OAOTZF4





MRC0]H?0E)!FDPX#^&DZIA

MD2RN;.)P:MG


!%-;<OA=FV%=QR3W







M8)YII4RS

M`H1_


PO






MHR2@!W*;XPG&X^D;^
YQ.+66-DA_E`$COZ/Y1-U5_%&O9)U=1&ZX$&5FQ/_8

R4Q]8
M(#P;3_
T-B!$


O!)
M$-`X++2+BQ4+1\I\8$#/AL]RTY79:\;H75R



.;M?9-.S@EIVL
M:;W^`


LW&M!Q(1MG0
'HYQ3W`6]`\OUQP







M8)Y.
6N]AW^/
(XC/881U7'5*EPHENRL%89_:[8QUV+UB5$4DB6V5G9
J]'2
R/H`'2<J:






MT?*



\-6*7M
+P*LU]
!3:FB

/Z8A$.#_`H.S1D








_U:ZZ?K9%==J[V9%)O8.$BW7^J3F?&VZ^XSX435

M-(YSBJC3$$RF6DNFW?Z
5DE


^TBP0PB2(N@VG\FP$/3


BB
NH

R#$T_GU^

O!M#`SA?*ZAFZ1AR.W\89OJ^T(G#F(;`QQU?.D
/R53_JE3
M]SI'VU.RO_]P+R#.(?_G]02P
$%`````@`M8G-0EZ#PQTD%P``PA$!`!$`

3
P
S


3R+YZ.3@Y&!X=')PB.:^OW@W&#P_/Q\(



MC%WB+;!%5LB])0M\@66=*K
/CX^'L7`6N.6JV+X8^


2ENPM`[^V75(G


ML&
%3@O&5#
]7_0TQF/S
4/O?%TO!V6'2\-@!N[(#%PJ$XVG*)7:0]@4
MPG/N0C7


T!S`%X03W+X5X@H#$]@:U<4.)=$!]3)X+
&;/'_IR(\T`(J(,S
MSX,P0H:_=N0\;0.M0;<[15D]I&W11^)A*-8.@+Q2
E'40$H+`&]BC62K;PV


M?%.


MBB`6)4JB1




;H%/HJ&-\L2\Y@(9BX@\9AE2!9D\N
YE$1S4BN

M]:5)(DL%6B5K$A5I*3UF=?9(#1N@%8B4+#ID=S?[ZM=6_R46C+*9)Y/I[XAX

QD
MI8597E!AA27Q_'LS

H#5(?%C%G)
M4D!&:!S6E1QHZH'4`GF+*7.PS)JC#


U6E9)%26O-*C52^+11/F
MI&^

B1H8[87K@ULEWT:!7S6&&L&3*7GDE

F

HC:;LF7`V6D-<-5







M3%Y+[DWF5K#1




E(M4P;U_;/)Z_RJ7J

EX!T^:&@\LQ-FBU3=2
M_I;




:5
6;[XATX3XH1K

MZ
BA_WKGQW0;

M`75L:/2WQ)T0$9M806

55&^J1=FQ/Q6UOZK;10N?0E*G[SL%XN5@-(RM9=LG$TINL





H

MY+AAYZ\UOWRQG$#F!'WDW'X&$T`9;V7FW(9Y)YM?4V


M0JQ[XD'#5



S



M%RF#\&G\:=%TE;L-ZVX.5P_AE:G7
N&24W56-GHBVR;#X:816)S;66K
UG5B






P`B:?H

I?<VB
MX%3N0:AU5BZ6442^:D[B2AL1M0



3
P
S
Q7V-A


#$S
#
S
5]D

&-KI1=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`M8G-

C`Q
S`S
S%?


3
P
S
Q

#$S
#
S
M


 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOtherShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOtherShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOtherShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_CapitalCommitmentsRelatingToRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_EstimatedCostToBuildFacility'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_PurchaseObligationOfProductPerYearVolumeOfProduct'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_PurchaseObligationOfProductPerYearMassOfProduct'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_PurchaseObligationDurationOfTime'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: SymbolMT
Times New Roman
Times
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: SymbolMT
Times New Roman
Times
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: SymbolMT
Times New Roman
Times
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT
Times New Roman
Times
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT
Times New Roman
Times
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT
Times New Roman
Times
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT
Times New Roman
Times
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_ScheduleOfDueFromRelatedPartiesTableTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_ScheduleOfDueToRelatedPartiesTableTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_ScheduleOfSalesToRelatedPartiesTableTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_ScheduleOfPurchasesFromRelatedPartiesTableTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_AmortizationOfLandUseRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_LandUseRightLeaseTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_LandUseRightLeaseTerm'

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E-C-F,V(Q,U]C8F,P7S0P,#5?8F(U85\P-#(X
M-#@Y.#8T-CDB#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P
#5?8F(U85\P







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


T0B5V]R:W-H


T0B5V]R
5]/9E]3:6=N:69I8V%N=%]!8V-O

T0B




O4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS




O4VAE970Q
RYH











O4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7
#I.86UE/@T*(`@

O4VAE970Q

#I.86UE

#I.86UE/D5A<FYI;F=S7TQO<W-?

M968]
&-E
M;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA
M;64^0V]M;6ET;65N='-?06YD7T-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97,\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@

M
C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC

M:&5E='
O4VAE970R


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E




O4VAE970R-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-




#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7


T0B5V]R:W-H965T




O4VAE970S
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-






T+FAT;6PB










Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@


Y


M:&5E='
O4VAE970T



O4VAE970T
2YH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E




O4VAE970T
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-


M3V9?4VEG;FEF:6-A;G1?06-C;W5N=#




T0B











O4VAE970U


M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K




M965T-34N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z







M($A2968]


M97)?0V%P:71A;%]
96%S

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

M971S+U-H965T-C





M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


M968]


M;G1I;F=E;F-I97-?

#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S
M+U-H965T-S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@




MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4V5G;65N=%]2

#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7


M


O4VAE970X
M










O4VAE970X-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE

^

^#0H@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:V)O;VL^
M#0H\+WAM;#X\(5ME;F1I9ETM+3X-CPO:&5A9#X-B`@/&)O9'D^#0H@(`\

3X-CPO:'1M;#X-@T*
M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E-C-F
V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P
#5?8F(U85\P-#(X








]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

3
L(#(P
3
\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S




]


]


]

3`M2SQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1T97AT




]


]



T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@
M1FES8V%L(%EE87(@1F]C=7

]

\+W1D/@T*








]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

RTS


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($9I;&5R($-A=&5G;W)Y
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y!8V-E;&5R871E9!&

]
T1T

]


]






]
M


]


]



]

]

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E-C-F
V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P
M


T0G




@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I


M



]

]
M


T1T





]


S`L
3@S/'-P86X^

S@L-S4S



]

3(L



]

]



]



]


T1T;W`^1&5F97)R960@=&%X(&%S

]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#@R-SQS



C4W+#$T


]


]
M


]



]
T1R;SX-





]
T1N=6UP/C(L.3@Q

M

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$L







SQS

]




]




T1T;W`^






M


]


]





BPY.#(\

M+#DY

]






M
S(V+#0V


]







]

M8FEL:71I97


]

]
T1N=6UP/C
U


]

M;VYT:6YG96YC:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XF








#`P
2!P87(@=F%L=64Z(#(U

#$@:7-S=65D(&%N9!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A=!-



]
T1N=6UP/C$S-2PT





]


]


BPR

]
T1N




]
T1N=6UP/C$L

]


]


;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E-C-F
V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P
#5?8F(U85\P-#(X-#@Y



]


M:&5E='


]
T1T:#Y-87(N
M(#


S$L(#(P



]
T1T97AT

]



]




]

]
T1N=6UP/C(U



]
T1N=6UP/C4W+#
P
2PP
#`\

M-RPS
#$L




M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO938S9C-B
3-?8V)C
%\T
#`U7V)B
M-6%?







M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]




M



]


T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

T
BPU

]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C$W
2PR
M








]


]








]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6UP/C0Q+#0R


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1V5N97)A;!A;F0@861M



]






T1T;W`^

]







]
T1N=6T^*#$T+#`P
M






]
T1R

BPS
M



M86QI9VX]






T1T;W`^26YC;VUE
'!E;G-E(AB96YE9FET*3PO
M=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S<STS1&YU;3XH

#


]
T1N=6T^*#0Y

M/3-$=&]P/DEN8V]M92!T87@@97AP96YS92`H8F5N969I=D\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6T^*#DL









]

S


]
T1N=6T^*#$Y






]


]
T1N=6UP/C4W+#
P



T1T;W`^16%R
M;FEN9W


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$N,3$I/'-P86X^/]S



M938S9C-B
3-?8V)C
%\T
#`U7V)B-6%?
#0R.#0X.3@V-#8Y#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4V
V8S8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A
M7S`T

#4N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M




;W-S*2`H55-$

]

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L
M(#(P



]


I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#8T+#(R
M





]

C
T*3QS




M871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N='



]
T1N
M=6UP/C0L


]




T1T

I(&%T=')I8G5T



]
T1N=6UP/C



]

]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
C`L-S



3-?
M8V)C
%\T
#`U7V)B-6%?

O4VAE970P


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


@3V8@17%U:71Y(A54T0@)D\8G(^






T1T;W`^0F%L
M86YC92!A=!-87(N(#,Q+`R
#$P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S








M+#DS

]

]
T1N=6UP/C4T+#`P


]


]


T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M92`H

]
T1N=6UP


M1&YU;3XH-#`L

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^27-S=6%N8V4@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K/]T9#X-



]


T/'-P



]


]




]
T1N=6UP/C0L








]

]
T1N=6UP


M;7`^


]



]



C@L
M

M;7`^-C



@870@36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M


]
T1N=6UP











]
M








M



#QS



S$L(#(P


]
T1N=6UP/C
R+#(P
3QS




#QS

]
M
T1N=6T^*#
S




]
T1N=6T^*#
L







]




]



]




]



]


]



T1T;W`^0F%L86YC
M92!A=!-87(N(#,Q+`R
#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$S-2PU








V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P
#5?

T0G=&5X




]
M

]
T1T:#Y-
M87(N(#


S$L(#(P



]


I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#8T+#(R
M





]






]
T1N=6UP/C
L
S@V/'-P86X^


]




]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/C
V
M+#4U


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1V%I;B!O;B!D:7-P;W-A;!A;F0@;&EQ=6ED




]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W1H97(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/C


]



]







3(L
#(T

]
M



]
M











\

]
T1N=6UP/C$L.#$Y






]



U









]




]
M

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-RPS
C





M;3XH
3$L-S


T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'




]








M+#DQ


]








#DL





]


]
T1N=6T^*#(V


T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'
@9G)O;2!L;VYG+71E

]
T1N=6UP



PT-#8I/'-P86X^/]S

]
T1N=6T^*#8W
M+#








]
T1N=6T^*#$L


M:7-S=6%N8V4@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



T1T;W`^27-S=6%N8V4@8V]S='
@9F]R(&-O;6UO

]
T1N



]
M



]

M92!R871E(&-H86YG97






]
M




M.3


L(&5N9!O9B!Y96%R/]T




]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

M

M1&YU;7`^
3






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]










]





]


]
M



3-?8V)C
%\T
#`U7V)B-6%?
M
#0R.#0X.3@V-#8Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4V
M
V8S8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T

M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE





]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#






]

M







M97

@=6YD97(@


@4F5P=6)L:6



M4&%R=%]E-C-F
V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P








3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]



\+W1D/@T*


BX@4U5-34%262!/1B!324=.249)0T%.










M:65S(&1I=FED960@8GD@=&]T86P@87-S971S+B!);B!A9&1I=&EO;BP@=&AE



]

M;&4]

M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G



M('EE87(@96YD960@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
3
@:7





C`Q




M;&8@;V8@9FES8V%L(#(P
3
@;V8@)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C0Q+C@\









2P@
C`Q
RP@

@
M;V8@)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C(X+C$\+V9O;G0^(&UI;&QI;VX@86YD


]
T1?;70^
38N
3PO9F]N=#X@;6EL;&EO;BP@:&%D(&)O

]
M
T1?;70^
C@N
SPO9F]N=#X@;6EL;&EO;B!A;F0@;&]N9RUT97)M(&)A;FL@
M;&]A;G
@;V8@)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C$Y+C8\+V9O;G0^(&UI;&QI

6UB;VQ-5Q4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL5&EM97

M
CXF(S$X


M(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C$X+C






M=6YD('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W

@
M86YD(&-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(&%S('1H97D@8F5C;VUE(&1U92X@06-C;W)D:6YG
M;'DL(&UA;F%G96UE;G0@8F5L:65V97















@









@871T




@97%U:71Y('1H




M
#!F9B!S:7IE/3-$

]
T1-971A1&%T83X-


M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G












L('-A;&5S(')E8F%T
M97









M:7IE/3-$
CY$+B!#87-H(&%N9!C87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]F;VYT/CPO



M='

M9')A=V%L(&]R('5S92P@86YD('=H:6-H(&AA=F4@;W)I9VEN86P@;6%T=7)I




]








T0R/D%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@87)E




@
M:7
@;6%D92!W:&5N(&-O;&QE8W1I;VX@;V8@=&AE(&9U;&P@86UO=6YT(&ES



@87)E('=R:71T96X@;V9F(&%S




]







]




'0M86QI







M92!C;W-T(&%N9!A8V-U;75L871E9!D97!R96-I871I;VX@87)E(')E;6]V
M960@9G)O;2!T:&4@86-C;W5N='




M=W

T0P/@T*/'1R/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#4X)3X@/]T9#X-

T1L969T/CQF;VYT


M(&%N9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A(&%L:6=N

]




]
T1?;70^-#`\+V9O;G0^('EE87)S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T








M($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N





]

]
T1?;70@



]


M96$@86QI9VX]




T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N











M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQF;VYT






M($%T(&EN8V5P=&EO;BP@82!C87!I=&%L(&QE87-E(&ES(')E8V]R9&5D(&%T



@=6YD97(@8V%P:71A;!L96%S97,@87)E(&%M;W)T:7IE9!O









T0R/D-O




M:6-A+'-A;G


]

M



]

T0G9F]N



M;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQF;VYT(&-L








M4%

M/3-$(S`P
#!F9B!S:7IE/3-$





M:6-A+'-A;G










M97-S(&-O;6)I;F%T:6]N('=I=&@@=&AE(&%L;&]C871I;VX@;V8@=&AE(&%S

@
M:7




M:6-A+'-A;G






M:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY-



Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R

M(&]F(&=O;V1W:6QL(&%N9!D969I;FET92UL:79E9!I;G1A;F=I8FQE(&%S


M+C








&5S(&%R92!A8V-O=6YT960@9F]R('5N9&5R('1H92!A<W-E=!A





M='


@87-S970@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71Y+CPO9F]N



T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]G
M;FEZ97


M(&EN=&5R97-T(&ES(&-L87-S:69I960@87

@






M





M9V%I;G


2P@
C`Q
M
RP@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q





@87)E(&UA:6YT86EN960@:6X@

M97AP96YS97


M(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*2X\+V9O;G0^/]P/CPO9&EV

M:6-A+'-A;G



P



]
T1?










M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY!('-M86QL
M(&9R86-T:6]N(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W






M86UA9V4@;V8@=&AE('!R;V1U8W0N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]G;FEZ97
@

@:&%V92!P86ED('1H92!#


T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY
M)W







@87
@82!R961U




]






@9F]R('!R




]




M;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M/3-$

M;F1I='5R97
L('=H:6-H('=O=6QD(&)E(')E8V]R9&5D(&%S('!R;V1U8W0@






M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


M8V5R=&%I;B!A;6]U;G0@;V8@;W)D97)S(')E;&%T:6YG('1O('-P96-I9FEC


T0R








M96YC92X@06-T=6%L(&%M;W5N='

M9F]R;6%N8V4@=F%R:65S(&9R;VT@97-T:6UA=&5S+CPO9F]N=#X\8G(@+SX\







@9'5E
M('1O('!A8VMA9V4@9&%M86=E(&%R92!A;'-O(&1E9'5C=&EO;G
@9G)O;2!G


L('-U8V@@87






T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]R
M9'


@8F%S








@
M:6YC=7)R960@86YD(&]U=&)O=6YD(&9R96EG:'0@:7


M+B!4:&4@8V]S='

]
T1?;70^

]

]
T1?;70^-XT/]F;VYT/B!M:6QL:6]N

Q+`R,#$S+`R
M


]

T0G

M;VX@97AP96YS97

T0G=&5X



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[








@9G)O


CPO9F]N=#X@;6EL;&EO;BP@
M)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C4N-3PO9F]N=#X@;6EL;&EO;B!A;F0@)#QF
M;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C$N-#PO9F]N=#X@;6EL;&EO;B!F;W(@=&AE(&9I




M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY-86YD



M:6-A+'-A;G






M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQF


@
M96%R;FEN9W




M87(N($1I;'5T960@96%R;FEN9W




@=&\@:7-S=64@8V]M;6]N

@86YD(&EN




@=&\@:7-S=64@8V]M





]



M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$

@


@







]
T1-971A1&%T


M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY6+B!#














M9&4@=&AE(&%M;W5N='



M
'0M86QI9VXZ


M+'-A;G


M92!T:&%T('=O=6QD(&)E(')E8V5I=F5D('1O('-E;&P@86X@87-S970@;W(@


M86QU92!M96%S=7)E;65N='

@











M8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT


2!I;G!U='
@87)E('5N











T0R/DQE=F5L(#










M9R!V86QU92!O9B!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='
@:6YC;'5D:6YG(&-A











@:7-S










#$R('=I=&@@96%R;'D@861O

@

M=#LG/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQF;VYT(&-L87-S


C`Q
M
RP@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352!.;RX@
C`Q
RTP





@8F5G:6YN:6YG
M(&%F=&5R($1E8V5M8F5R(#$U+`R,#$R+B!4:&ES($%352!D;V5S(&YO=!C












M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
SQB

]

]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^






Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
#$R+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^






3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q
M

]



]

T0G9F]N




T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY)W
@
M:6YV96YT;W)I97
@870@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(@87)E('-U



M/CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^)FYB


M36%R8V@@
S$L/]F;VYT/CPO8CX\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#8Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&(^/&9O;G0@

]


B4@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4@86QI9VX]
M

]


M

M


M+'-A;G

CXR
#$R/]F;VYT/CPO8CX\+W1D/CPO
M='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E

]
T1?;70@



M($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M

M
T0Q
R4@86QI9VX]


M($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M
CXU


T0R/C$W+#`R
SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4@86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C


M82!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT


30L

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-CDE(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@

]


M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4@86QI9VX]

M:6-A+'-A;G



]
M










3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@


S$L(#(P
3


@



T1T;W`^1'5E($9R

@06YD(%)E;&%T960@4&%R='D@5')A
M;G-A8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV


]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+4)O;&1-5Q!

\+V9O


@=&AE(&%B:6QI






M=&4@96YT:71I97



@=&\@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@8F5C875S92!T:&5Y(&%R92!A9F9I
M;&EA=&5S(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY('5N9&5R('1H92!C;VUM;VX@8V]N=')O









M9CLG(&-O;&]R/3-$(S`P
#!F9B!S:7IE/3-$
3Y486)L92!O9B!#;VYT96YT


!B;W)D97(]
M,T0P/@T*/'1R/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4W)3X@/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0T
B4@86QI9VX]

]
T1?;70@


T0U-R4@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\



M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$


M





M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$

T0U-R4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T




T0R

M('=I9'1H/3-$.3DE(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$.3DE(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B9N

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L
M;W(]



M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G






M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$


M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CYA;F0@=V%S(&YO


T0U-R4@86QI
M9VX]


M93TS1#(^9&%T92X\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS



M





T0R/DQT9X\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$

]
M


M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O

]



T0U-R4@86QI9VX]
T1L

T0G8F%C:V=R


T0R


M86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M:7IE/3-$



M96$@=VED=&@]
T0U-R4@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I



]
T1?;70@





M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G




T0U-R4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L




]
T1?



]
T1?;70@


M/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@8VQA

]



T0U-R4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S




]

M;&4]





C4U*3LG('=I9'1H/3-$.3DE(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B9N

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L
M;W(]


M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]











M86YC97



M8F]R9&5R/3-$








M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q


T0R
M/C(P


T0R

M

CXQ+#@X
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L


M/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(&%L:6=N/3-$

]


]
T1?



T0R)2!A;&EG

T1R:6=H=#X\

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-S
E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N


@4V5R=FEC92!#;RX@3'1D+CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/C
L
3



M='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0W
R4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S



M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
24@86QI9VX]

M9VX]

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-S
E(&%L:6=N

M;G


T0Q
24@86QI9VX]



M;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M/3-$

M=&@]
T0Q


T0R/C$R+#(V





T1L969T/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]



M




M



T0R/C(P
3


M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY3:&5N9R!::&D@1&$@





M/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$P)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L


2PQ-38\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@],T0W
M,4@86QI9VX]



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]




]
T1?;70@


M;RX@3'1D+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8F=C;VQO



M




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]


M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]


]

M;&4]

M;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M/3-$
CXQ+#@V
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T


M;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]






L



M=U)O;6%N4%

M(&-O;&]R/3-$(S`P
#!F9B!S:7IE/3-$



@9F]R(')E;&%T

M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY);B!T
M:&4@9FES8V%L('EE87(@96YD960@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
3
L('1H92!#;VUP
M86YY)W


M;6EL:R!P;W=D97(@=&\@06\@3F%I97(L(&%N9!P;W=D97)E9!F;W)M=6QA



2P@
C`Q
2P@=&AE($-O;7!A

@:6YC;'5D92!W:&5Y('!R
M;W1E:6X@86YD(&EN9'5S=')I86P@;6EL:R!P;W=D97(@=&\@2&]N;F5T92P@



M('=I9'1H/3-$-C
E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.24^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)3X@/]T9#X-
MCQT9!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B`\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M('=I9'1H/3-$
S$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF

M;VQD350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY9



M.24@86QI9VX]

]

M

M=&0@=VED=&@]

M('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]

]
T1?


M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^/&9O;G0@

]


T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-C
E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^

M;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M/3-$



M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ+#(T
CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M


M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H
M/3-$.24@86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C
E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\


M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M


M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]
M



]


T0V
M
R4@86QI9VX]



M3'1D+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF




]



M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]




]

T0G


]




]
T1?;70@



T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C
E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^

]


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


RPU
S@\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!C


M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

M+'-A;G

CXU+#@W
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^





T0R/D)E9F]R92!397!T96UB97(@
C`Q
M


@=&\@4W0N($%N9V5L(A96EJ

M;&EO;B!A;F0@)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C(R+C`\+V9O;G0^(&UI;&QI

2P@
C`Q
RP@
M
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q







2P@
C`Q


@9F]R('1H
M92!#;VUP86YY+B!);B!T:&4@9FES8V%L('EE87(@96YD960@36%R8V@@
S$L
M(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$L('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W




T0P/@T*/'1R
M/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#8S)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.24^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X@/]T
M9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^(#PO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Y)3X@/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0V
R4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]







M:#TS1#DE(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T

M:6-A+'-A;G

CXR

MCQT9!W:61T:#TS1#DE(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S

M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXR


M;VQD350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXR
M
#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO8CX\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#8S)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

]




M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


T0Y)2!A






]



M;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M/3-$

M=&@]



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L

M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G






]


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G







]

M;&4]


M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]
M

T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L





M86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M:7IE/3-$



]





]



M


;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E-C-F
V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P
#5?8F(U85\P-#(X



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]









M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]



S$L

]
T1?


B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^

]


T0R)2!A;&EG

3
E(&%L:6=N



M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
#$R/]F;VYT/CPO8CX\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS

]

T0G





2PQ




M=&@]
T0V-B4@86QI9VX]





T0R/C$P+#`U
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A



M82!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT


BPQ
C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#8S-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N

M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS


3


]




T0C9#5E865A
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3

]
T1?;70@


T0Q
R4@
M86QI9VX]

M


M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@8VQA

]


M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4@86QI9VX]

M+'-A;G

CXQ-BPS


V8S8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T
C@T.#DX



]
T1R



3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]





]

T0G9F]N




M:61T:#TS1#$S)3X@/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M=&0@=VED=&@],T0V.4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=VED=&@]





T0R/BA);B!T:&]U




T0R/C(P
3


M($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M

M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4@86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H



M:61T:#TS1#$S)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^

C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@],T0V.4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S



T0R
M/C@T+#4P
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


]


M-65A96$@=VED=&@]


M(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S


L







M9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S


M-65A96$@=VED=&@]


T0C9#5E865A
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3

]
T1?;70@


T0Q
R4@
M86QI9VX]

M




T0R/CDQ.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4@86QI9VX]


]

M;&4]

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^

]





T0R/C$X.2PV



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

]
T1?;70@




M/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#8X)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@8VQA

]


M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


T0R)2!A

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C@E(&%L:6=N/3-$


M/3-$
3

]

M


M
3

]

T0G





M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T



T0R/C0P+#
Y-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^


T0R
M/C
S+#
S.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M:6-A+'-A;G

CY/9F9I8V4@97%U:7!M96YT(&%N


M
T0R/C0L



M



M8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
3


]


M96$@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C@E(&%L:6=N


T0R
M/C4Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\

M;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#8X)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@

]


M;75L871E9!D97!R96-I871I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R

M/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&%L:6=N/3-$

]



M;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
3


]


M

M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]


M:6-A+'-A;G

CXR+#
P
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO

M+'-A;G



M+'-A;G


T0Q
R4@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N


C$\







]
M





XR/]F;VYT/B!M:6QL:6]N('=A




2P@
C`Q
RP@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q



3-?8V)C
%\T
#`U7V)B-6%?
#0R.#0X
M.3@V-#8Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4V
V8S8C$S
M7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T

M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\


]



86YD(%5S92!2:6=H='






M:6-A+'-A;G

CXX+B!
04Y$(%5312!224=(5%
L



]


M='


T0W
M
4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$,3(E/B`\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQT9!W


M





M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4@86QI
M9VX]

]

T0G9F]N


T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H


M

CXQ



T1B;W1T


M
T0R/C$L
3





T0R/DQA;F0@

M-65A96$@=VED=&@]

]
T1?




T0R/C$P+#@R
M.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4@86QI9VX]



T0C9#5E
M865A('=I9'1H/3-$

]
T1?



]
M


]
T1?
M;70^
C
Y+#`P

#`P
M/]F;VYT/B!A;F0@)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C$T-PP
#`\+V9O;G0^

Q+`R,#$S+`R
M


M=%]E-C-F
V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P












S$L(#(P
3





]
M




]

T0G

M/3-$

M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]


M9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^/&9O;G0@8VQA

]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+4)O;&1-5Q!

M=&@]
T0T.24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M


M=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT


M


]


B4@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI
M9VX]

]

T0G9F]N

M:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]

]
T1?;70@


M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^

]


M=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]

]
T1?


M
T0T.24@86QI9VX]



@;V8@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
3




T0T.24@86QI9VX]
T1L




]
M




T0R/C0L
M
3

M

]

T0G



T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


T0R/B0\+V9O

M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXT+#$S-3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M;G


M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=VED=&@]


3$E


M;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M/3-$

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@
M86QI9VX]



T0C9#5E865A
M('=I9'1H/3-$

]
T1?;70@


M86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M:7IE/3-$

M=VED=&@]

]

M;&4]





T0R



]

M


]
M
T1?;70^
S
Q+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X@9F]R(')E9VES=&5R960@=')A9&5M87)K


M9'5C='





M7VUT/C$Y+#`P

2P@
C`Q
RP@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q



3-?8V)C
%\T
#`U7V)B-6%?
#0R
M.#0X.3@V-#8Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4V
V8S
M8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T

M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@


M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L






]

T0G





Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R

3(W+C0@;6EL;&EO;B!A;F0@)#@V+C8@;6EL;&EO

@;V8@=&AE('-H



Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R



M(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R


]
T1?;70^
C4N
#PO9F]N=#X@;6EL



]
T1?;70^-2XV/]F;VYT
M/B!M:6QL:6]N+!R97-P96-T:79E;'D[('1H92!P;&5D9V4@;V8@=&AE($-O


]
M
T1?;70^
S
N
#PO9F]N=#X@;6EL;&EO;B!A;F0@)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


M;G



M;V8@)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C$X-XX/]F;VYT/B!M:6QL:6]N(&%N


]
T1?;70^36%Y(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^('1O(#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT
M/DIU;F4@





]
T1?;70^

]
T1?;70^

]
T1?;70^-#$N
CPO9F]N
M=#X@;6EL;&EO;B!A;F0@)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C(Q+C`\+V9O;G0^


M;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M/3-$

]
T1?;70^

2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
B!W87

]
T1?;70^
M
3`N


2P@
C`Q
M
R!A;F0@
C`Q

#`P/]F
M;VYT/B!A;F0@)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C,S-BPP,#`\+V9O;G0^+!R






T0P/@T*/'1R/CQT

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
C4E/B`\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





M+V(^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
M,T0W,4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0T
M)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R-24@
M86QI9VX]

]

T0G

M/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0W



S$L/]F;VYT
M/CPO8CX\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQT9!B9V-O


]



M;G

CXX
BPV-C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*
M/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@],T0W,4@86QI9VX]
T1L


M

M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXX.PV
M,#4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@

T1L969T/CQF


C`Q-CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]

M:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ


V8S8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A
M7S`T






]




3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]


]


]

:6%B:6QI




M/3-$
CXQ
2X@3U1(15(@0U524D5.5!,24%24Q)5$E%4SPO9F]N=#X\+V(^


B4@
M86QI9VX]





]


M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]

]
T1?


M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT

M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXR
#$R


]



M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


T0Q
24@86QI
M9VX]

M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXR+#8X.3PO

M



T0R/C8L

M9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S


M-65A96$@=VED=&@]
T0W
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


M/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L



M;G


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

M:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY!

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


]


M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

]
M




T0C9#5E
M865A('=I9'1H/3-$

]
T1?



T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E

]

T0G9F]N


]


M:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ
M+#0V
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-S(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N


T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

M(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S





B4@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
M

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS



M96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

]




T0R/C0P+#4V












]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#






M



M;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M/3-$



T0X-24^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X@
M/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0X-24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]









I/]F;VYT/CPO8CX\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4@86QI9VX]

]
M




M+'-A;G

CXR-C

T1R:6=H=#X\

M;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#@U)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@

]



M:61T:#TS1#$P)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T



T0R/C(P
M

M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXV
3(\+V9O

T0X-24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L


C`Q.#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M




]




M93TS1#(^



M



M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ.2PW




]

M


M8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]



]

M

M=&@]


]



M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]


]
T1?;70@


M







]
T1?;70^
30T+#`P

M=#XQ
S8L
#`P/]F;VYT/B!F;W(@8V%P:71A;!L96%S960@87-S971S(&9O

S$L(#(P
3
L(#(P
3(@
M86YD(#(P


2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^


#$S+`R,#$R(&%N9`R



\+V9O;G0^


V(Q
U]C8F
P
M7S0P



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7


]

]




@


]
M




]

T0G



M;VQD350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY!








M:&4@87!P;&EC86)L92!R871E(&ES(#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C

3
L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P






M86YD)W


#`L


3



]


















@













T1B
M;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-#$E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/B`\+V(^



M1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0T
24@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^(#PO
M8CX\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
38E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF

M;VQD350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


T0T
M
B4@86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]


T0T
24@86QI9VX]

]
M



38E(&%L


M

CXR


T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H

75A;B!.=71R:71I;VYA;!&;V]D($-O
M+BP@3'1D+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I
M9'1H/3-$
38E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T





M;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0T
24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$





M)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0R/C

@=&%X(&%T(#$R+C4E(@R,#`X+3$P*3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQT9!B9V-O
M;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#0Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@

]



T0R/B4\+V9O

M
T0T
B4@86QI9VX]




#`Y
M*3L@

T0T
24@86QI
M9VX]

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O

]


BXU
M)2`H
C`Q
TQ,BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0T
24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S





]

M









]
M


M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-#(E(&%L:6=N


T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-#$E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF

T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
38E

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I



M:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXE


T0R

M




T0T
24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T




T0R

]


T0C9#5E865A('=I







T0R/B4\+V9O;G0^

M
#`Y*2P@
C(E(@R,#$P*2P@,C0E(@R
#$Q*2P@


T0R
M/B@R

]







M



M:7


]


@

@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S('-U9F9I


2P@
C`Q

M871E9!I;B!#:&EN82!A;F0@2&]N9R!+;VYG(&%R92!I;G1E;F1E9!T;R!B





M



M#0H\='(^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-#DE/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3$E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQT9!W



T0R/BA);B!T:&]U




T0R/C(P
3



T0R/C(P




M


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^

]





T0R/B@S+#`T-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF



]


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E

]

T0G9F]N


M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF


M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&%L

]



M/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0T.24@86QI9VX]
T1L


M2&]L;&%N9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^

M9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S



M:6-A+'-A;G





M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]




M86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M:7IE/3-$

M:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXH

M

]

T0G

T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N




M8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]



M;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0T.24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


M:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T


CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T


M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&%L

]



B4@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1R



T0R)2!A

]



T0R/B@R-RPP
S4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


T0R/BD\+V9O








M82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT


M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T



T0G






]

M


M;6%T96QY(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

M
2P@
C`Q
RP@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q

M9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^(#PO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0X)3X@
M/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N

M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
S(E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0W(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R



M/3-$

Q+#PO9F]N=#X\+V(^/]T9#X-CQT


]


M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M


MCQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=VED=&@]



T0R/C(P

M9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#@E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L

M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXR


T0R/DEN8V]M92!T87@@

M92!O9B`S-4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W




]






]
M



M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$

M=VED=&@]




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXH
BPU.3



T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT



M=&@]

T0U

M/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L


MCQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$




M-F5A96$@=VED=&@]


M86QI9VX]


]


M=&@]

M86QI9VX]

T0R)2!A

T1R

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


M
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^

T0X)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


M
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4@86QI9VX]



T0C9#9E
M865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


M='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]


T1R:6=H=#X\

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0X)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED
M=&@]


M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$





T0X




]
M




]

T0G9F]N

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$


]


M


M)R!S:7IE/3-$


B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0X)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


2PV
C$\+V9O


]
M




]
M





]



T0C
M9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


M(&)G8V]L;W(]


T0R/B@Y+#
P
M-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4@86QI9VX]








M:65S(&%R92!E;&EG:6)L92!F;W(@=&%X(&AO;&ED87ES+B!4:&4@:6UP86-T




Q+`R,#$S+!D96-R96%S



]

2P@
C`Q
RP@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
M
C`Q
3H@07)I86PM0F]L9$U4+$%R:6%L+$AE;'9E=&EC

M9!C:&%N9V4@:6X@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO9F]N=#X\+V(^/]P


]

M




M;&EA8FEL:71I97



M1#`^#0H\='(^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S`E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M,T0Y)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


T1C96YT97(^/&(^/&9O

]


M/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS

T1C

]





T0R




C`Q


T0R/C(P


T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T


M

T0R)2!A;&EG

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS

T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^

M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ+#
W-SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

]
T1?


M=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T




]

T0G

T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L



T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S




]

M;&4]

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ
2PV

M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

M-65A96$@=VED=&@]
T0W

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@
M86QI9VX]



T0C9#5E865A
M('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]



T0W
M

M=&0@=VED=&@]

M;G

CXR+#$X-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#`W
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@
M86QI9VX]

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-S`E(&%L:6=N

M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M



T0C9#5E865A('=I
M9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]



T0W
M


]




M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI
M9VX]

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF;F)S

T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI
M9VX]


T0W
M


M86QI9VX]


]




M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY
97-S


M($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M
CXH
CDL-S

M=VED=&@]

]

M;&4]


M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#DE(&%L:6=N/3-$

]



T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@],T0W,4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^

M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G




]

M



3
L
C


]


M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=VED=&@]


M9VX]



M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M


M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H
M/3-$.24@86QI9VX]


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS

]



M9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0W


T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N



]
T1?



M

CY


T0R

M:6-A+'-A;G

CXU
#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

M96$@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)FYB




]
T1?;70@



M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y





]



M8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N




M;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]





]
T1?;70@


M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M





M86QI9VX]



M/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L

M



T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@8VQA

]



T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S`E(&%L

T0R)2!A;&EG

]


T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


M
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@

]


M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S




'!X




M93TS1#(^5&AE(&YE=!C:&%N9V4@9'5R:6YG('1H92!Y96%R(&EN('1H92!T
M;W1A;!V86QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E(&ES(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

M97(]
T0P/@T*/'1R/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#8V)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/CPO='(^


3`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R



M/3-$
CY-87)C:`S,2P\+V9O;G0^/]B/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R

B4@
M86QI9VX]









M9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S

M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXR



T0R/D)A;&%N8V4@870@8F5G





M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$P)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


3`L-C`U

T0R

M



RPQ

M;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#8V)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@

]



M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]




M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]



M)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0R/D)A;&%N8V4@870@96YD


T0R

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^

M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]



]





M(&]N(&$@;6]R92!L:6ME;'D@=&AA;B!N;W0@=&AR97-H;VQD+B!4:&4@0V]M



M



[/]F;VYT/B`-CPO;&D^#0H\;&D^/&9O;G0@

]















M('1H86X@;F]T('1H870@=&AE(&)E;F5F:70@9G)O;2!T:&4@;F5T(&]P97)A





M.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T


S$L(#(P
3
L('1H92!N


M87)I97
@:7

M





T0R/D1E9'5C=&EB;&4@=&%X(&-R961I='
@



C`Q
BX@07
@82!R97-U;'0L('1H92!#






M=&%I;B!S=6)S:61I87)I97
@:6X@9FES8V%L('EE87(@
C`Q
RX@07
@82!R

M87-S971S(&%N9!R96QE87-E9!V86QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E(')E;&%T









@9FEL97

M;F4@=&%X(')E='5R;G


@96YD960@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
3
L(#(P
3(@86YD
M(#(P


T0R
M)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3`E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQT9!W



T0R/BA);B!T:&]U

I/]F;VYT/CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4@86QI9VX]
T1C

]


T0R

B4@
M86QI9VX]



C`Q

M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A




T0Q
M

M-65A96$@=VED=&@]



M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXD/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4@86QI9VX]

M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]





B4@
M86QI9VX]



3`E(&%L:6=N

]


M+'-A;G

CXM(%!20SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N

M86QI9VX]

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)FYB

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF;F)S

T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(&%L

]




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]




]



B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!C;&%S


T0R/C$W.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=VED=&@]

M=&@]

]

M

M=VED=&@]
T0Y


T0R/E5N
M8V5R=&%I;B!T87@@8F5N969I=#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q


3`E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]



M='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

M9VX]


M93TS1#(^+2!04D

M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXH

T0R)2!A

]


M;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$P)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI
M9VX]


M93TS1#(^*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8F=C;VQO








3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T


M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M



T0R/B@U




M($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M

]
T1?


M=#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED
M=&@]



M;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M/3-$
CXM(%!20SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8F=C

T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N


M96$@=VED=&@]


M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]



M1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


]


M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q



T0R/C$S+#@S-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=VED=&@]

M=&@]

]

M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-#@E

M:6-A+'-A;G


T0Q


T0R/C
W+#$X
M-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4@86QI9VX]

M:6-A+'-A;G


T0Q


T0R/C$S+#4Q
M
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4@86QI9VX]

M:6-A+'-A;G


T0Q


T0R/B@Y+#
P
M-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4@86QI9VX]









M5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@;6%D92!I='



@87-S;V-I



2!S:6=N:69I8V%N=!I;F-R96%S97



]


T0U
24^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X@
M/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
24^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/B`\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#4Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^


B4@86QI9VX]
T1C

M=VED=&@]
T0U
24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT

M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXH26X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO

B4@86QI9VX]
M



T0R/C(P




T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4@86QI9VX]



T0C9#9E
M865A('=I9'1H/3-$

]
T1?



T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@
M86QI9VX]



T0C9#9E865A
M('=I9'1H/3-$

]
T1?;70@


T0R)2!A

]



T0R/C$L



T0R

M=&0@=VED=&@]


M
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@
M86QI9VX]

T0R)2!A;&EG

M:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ

T0U
24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF




M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS


M1#(^*#(P-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]



M
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^


T0R



M:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXP


T0R/D)A;&%N8V4@870@96YD(&]F('EE87(\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!C


M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]




M






M86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M:7IE/3-$


#8L



]
M




]
T1?

M=&%X97
@:7
@9'5E('1O(&-O;7!U=&%T:6]N86P@97)R;W)S(&UA9&4@8GD@



]



#`L




















]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#





M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ-X@
M14%23DE.1U,@*$Q/4U,I(%!%4B!32$%213PO9F]N=#X\+V(^/]P/@T*#0H\


]

T0G9F]N


M8VMS(&]U='-T86YD:6YG.CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H-CQD:78^#0H-CQT86)L


M:#TS1#$Q)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$,B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,24^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X@/]T9#X-CQT





T0R/BA)




M=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E


M
C`Q



T0R/C(P



M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


M.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4@86QI9VX]



T0C9#5E
M865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT


]

M;&4]

M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]



M96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


M/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L



M;G






M=VED=&@]

M=&@]

T0U
M.24@86QI9VX]





3$[


M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$

M-65A96$@=VED=&@]

]
T1?




T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


M96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$



T0R/BD\



]


M($)R86YC:`H;F]W(&MN;W=N(&%S(%1H92!2;WEA;!86YK(&]F(%-C;W1L
M86YD($XN5BX@*)20E



@;V8@8V]M




V8S
M8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T






]

T1)1#!%344^




S$L(#(P
3


@06YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@6T%B



]
T1?;70@








@;V8@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
3
L('1H92!#







M='
@86UO=6YT960@=&\@)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C`N-#PO9F]N=#X@









#$U('-H86QL





@=&\@9FEN86YC92!A(&UA:F]R:71Y(&]F('1H92!C;W-T('=I=&@@



]
T1?;70^


M
#`\+V9O;G0^('1O;G


M;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C8L



M36%R8V@@
C`L(#(P
3
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V5I=F5D('1H92!R97%U




M;B!W:71H('1H:7

M/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$




@86YD




T0G=&5X

M;65N='




!B;W)D97(],T0P/@T*/'1R/CQT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#@S)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$,3(E/B`\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQT9!W



3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N



M:7IE/3-$




T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A
M('=I9'1H/3-$.#


M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N




M93TS1#(^



T0R/C$L-C@Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T


T0R/C(P

M86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#8X
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXR

MCQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


2PV.#

M96$@=VED=&@]
T0X
R4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT


C`Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N





T0R/C(P
3D@86YD('1H

M:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXT
M.2PW

T0X
R4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T










M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY#+B!



]


M;7


M;GD@9G)O;2!T:6UE('1O('1I;64N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&EN=&5N9'
@=&\@
2!L96=A;!P<F]C965D:6YG<R!W:&EC

M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO938S9C-B
3-?8V)C
%\T
#`U7V)B-6%?
#0R

O4VAE970R
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

M86X]

#$S


]



]



T0R/C$V
M+B!314=-14Y4(%)%4$]25$E.1R!!3D0@1T5/1U)!4$A)0R!)3D9/4DU!5$E/

M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G












T0R/D9O;V1S(#PO9F]N=#X\+VD^/&9O;G0@8VQA

]





@/]F;VYT/CPO:3X\9F]N=!C;&%S


T0R/BT@4V%L97
@;V8@;G5T


@

M(BD@86YD($%R86-H:61O;FEC($%C:60@*)!4D$B*2!T;R!P;W=D97)E9!F

M




]



@;V8@97AC97-S(&]R('5N=7-A8FQE(&EN9W)E9&EE






MCQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,24^(#PO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

B4@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0T
24@8V]L


]
T1?;70@


B4@86QI9VX]
T1L

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^


M1#(^
C`Q

M
B4@86QI9VX]


T0R/C(P

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U-24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T


M(%-!3$53(%1/($585$523D%
($-54U1/34524SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M







M=&@]



M
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]




]

M;&4]



T0R/C$X-2PU-CD\+V9O

]
M




T0R/C
U
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]




T0R/C0Y-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-34E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/C8L.#



M:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T




M:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T


2PP


]

T0G


T0R/C
T+#$V
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
24@86QI9VX]



T0R/C8Q+#0U
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI
M9VX]

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-34E(&%L:6=N/3-$

T0C9#9E865A
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T


M;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]




]
T1?;70@



T0R/C
T
BPU
SD\





T0R/DE.5$524T5'345.



M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M('=I9'1H/3-$

M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$







T0R/B0\

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N


M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M

]

T0G



M





M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

MCQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$



M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


3(\

M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ
BPR

M:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXX
M+#
Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-34E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


B4@86QI9VX]

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


]




T0R/C(L



M($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M

M
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]



M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$

]




M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N

M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ
PY-#D\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$


M+'-A;G

CY'4D]34R!04D]&250@*$Q/4U


M:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ
M
#(L

M=&@]

M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1R


M;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]






M-F5A96$@=VED=&@]




]




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@

]


M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]


]

M;&4]



M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXH
BPX
M






M

M

]

T0G

T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


]



T0R/B@R+#`Q
M.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF


M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


]







M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


T0Q
24@
M86QI9VX]

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E

]

T0G9F]N




]




M8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0R/C4S+#8P-SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]



T0R/C0X+#0P.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I


M97AP96YS97

M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXS
BPU-S0\+V9O

M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXR.PT-#(\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E

T0C9#9E
M865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]




M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G




T0R/C
P+#(R
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@
M86QI9VX]


M
T0R/C(X+#(V
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-34E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F


M/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&%L:6=N/3-$

]



M-F5A96$@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\


T0R/C$L

M

M9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S


RPV

M+'-A;G




T0R



M;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M/3-$
CXU+#0X-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8F=C

T0Q
24@86QI
M9VX]

M/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U-24@86QI9VX]
T1L



M9'1H/3-$

]

M;&4]

M=VED=&@]

]

M;&4]

M
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
24@86QI9VX]



T0R/B@T
PS-#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L


T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^


T0R
M/C$T+#(W-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8F=C;VQO

T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/DEN
M=&5R97-T(&EN8V]M93PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
M

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS



2PX

M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXX
C`\+V9O;G0^


]
T1?


M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXH

T0R)2!A;&EG

]


T0Q
24@86QI9VX]


M=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8F=C;VQO


T0R/C(W-SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M

T1B;W1T;VT^






M

M








T0U-24@86QI
M9VX]



T0Q
24@86QI
M9VX]




M;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&%L:6=N

T0C9#9E865A('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-34E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\




M
3$L


]


T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXU+#
R
M-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L
M;W(]



M:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T


3



M:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T





M:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T




T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)FYB




M+'-A;G



]

T0G


M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&%L:6=N

]


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P.SPO


M

M=&@]

M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS




]


M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ
2PT
#8\+V9O;G0^



M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G




T0R/C8L



M


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE



]

M;&4]

M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G






]
T1?


M=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]


M=VED=&@]

M+'-A;G







M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^


T0R

M=&@]

M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS


M1#(^
2PT


]



M:6-A+'-A;G

CXR+#`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]


M=&@]






]



M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]



T0C9#9E
M865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]



T0C9#9E
M865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]




M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S


M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

]
T1?




T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

M=&0@=VED=&@]

M:6-A+'-A;G



T0R/C$P+#8W
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]






M9'1H/3-$-C0E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT



Q+#PO9F]N


M;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3$E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N



M:7IE/3-$
CXR

M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI
M9VX]

]

T0G9F]N

M=&@]

T1L969T/CQF





T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T


M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M


M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H
M/3-$

]

M






V+#(X-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0R

T0R)2!A

M($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M
CXR-PY,C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$


M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY.=71R

M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$

T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H
M/3-$

]

M


M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/C
S+#(Y
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M=VED=&@]





X-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4@86QI9VX]

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E(&%L

M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T



T0R/B@R

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@8VQA

]







T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@],T0V-4@
M86QI9VX]






M:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXD


T0R/C0T-RPY
M
3

M;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#8T)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@

]


T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO


M
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$

M/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D


MCQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=VED=&@]

]
T1?;70@


M=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]





M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$

M
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^


T0R

T0C9#9E865A('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8F=C;VQO

M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS


M1#(^
C`L

M=VED=&@]

T1L969T




MCQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


3@L

M9'1H/3-$

]

M;&4]




M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$

M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N



T0R/C(P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E
M865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@




2PQ-3


]


M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ-#`L





30U+#$P
#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO




M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-3(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/B`\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^(#PO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X@
M/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#
E/B`\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N



M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]



T0R/C(P
3

M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4@86QI9VX]



C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V(^


]
T1?


M:&EN83PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H
M/3-$

]

M

T0S)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@8VQA

]




T0R
M/C$P

M


T0Q
24@86QI9VX]

M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#
E(&%L:6=N/3-$

M=VED=&@]
T0U
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


]




M9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
R4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT


M9'1H/3-$

]

M;&4]

M:#TS1#



M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G





#X-

M(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]



T0R/EEE87(@16YD960@36%R8V@@
S$L/]F;VYT/CPO8CX\
M+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#4S



C`Q



C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V(^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#,E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q-4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^/&9O;G0@

]


T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-3
E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\

M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$T)2!A;&EG;CTS



T0C9#9E865A
M('=I9'1H/3-$

]
T1?;70@




T0S)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M

]

T0G



M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXJ(#QF;VYT(&-L87-S



M


Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R


@87)E(&QO8V%T960@

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E-C-F
V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P
M




T1T97AT

M:7

]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^(#QP



T0R/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I

Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R



M(#


]





V8S8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T
C@T.#DX-C0V.0T*



]

M:60]

]
T1T



T1T;W`^



T1T;W`^36%I;FQA;F0@0VAI;F$@


M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CX-CPO9F]N=#X-CQD


3@N
M($U!24Y
04Y$($-(24Y!($-/3E1224)55$E/3B!03$%.($%.1!215-44DE#
M5$5$($Y%5!!4U-%5%

T0G



]






M('-U8V@@96UP;&]Y964@8F5N969I='

]
T1?

]
T1?;70^-BXS

]


]



]



@86YD(')E9W5L


M=6QA=&EO;G






@86YD(%!20R!A9F9I;&EA=&5S


M07
@;V8@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
3


M9B!04D

M86QE;G0@=&\@)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C$V

M

3-?8V)C
%\T
#`U7V)B
M-6%?
#0R.#0X.3@V-#8Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V4V
V8S8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O



3(@

S$L(#(P
3




]


]

M871A/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/B`\9&EV


]





T0R
4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED
M=&@],T0U)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B`\+W1D/CPO='(^




C`Q

M:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24@86QI9VX]

B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT
M97(^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]




@97AC97!T('!E

M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]


B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^)FYB

M:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED
M=&@]

M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)2!A

B4@86QI
M9VX]


]

T0G9F]N

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M('=I9'1H/3-$-24@86QI9VX]

]
T1?


M8CX\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]





M/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^/&9O

]


B4@86QI9VX]
T1C





M:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED
M=&@]


M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^(#PO8CX\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^/&9O;G0@

]


B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT
M97(^/&(^(#PO8CX\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT

]



M86QI9VX]



T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S


M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-24@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S


M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-24@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H




M;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M/3-$
CXW
RPR
C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E
M82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X@/]T9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R


]







T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]




]



]


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^

M;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M/3-$

T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S



M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]


]
T1?



M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24@86QI9VX]

T0R)2!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B`\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24@86QI9VX]


]

M;&4]






M
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^

M

M=VED=&@]


T0C9#9E865A('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\





M+'-A;G

CYA='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@8V]M;6]N

T0R


T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@
M86QI9VX]

T0C9#9E
M865A('=I9'1H/3-$-24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


M=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8F=C


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@


T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L



T0R


M:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXI

T0R


T0R/B@Q
RPR-S`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


T0R/BD\+V9O


]
T1?;70@



]






M;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M/3-$
CXX+#4R-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ
PR.#8\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R



B4@
M86QI9VX]

M9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)FYB



T0R/F-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!O=71S=&%N
M9&EN9SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

T1L969T/B9N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]



M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U


M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M('=I9'1H/3-$-24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24@
M86QI9VX]

B4@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$



M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXU-RPS
#$\+V9O



T0R/C4W+#
P
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M





M86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M:7IE/3-$
CXU-RPS

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


]


M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S




T0R/C4W+#
P
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^

M;G


M(8C.#(Q,3L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W

M=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8F=C;VQO

M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$

T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E
M865A('=I9'1H/3-$-24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


M

MCQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#4E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8F=C

T0U)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T0R


]
T1?;70@





]

M;&4]




]

M




T0U)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L


C
\+V9O;G0^


M

M


T0U)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S




T0R



M

CXH


T0R


M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S


]
T1?


M/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-24@86QI9VX]
T1R


]

M




T0U)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L












]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#













]

T0G9F]N





M/3-$
B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED
M=&@],T0Y)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\


T1C96YT97(^/&(^

]


M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG

M

]





T1C96YT97(^/&(^/&9O

]


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT

B4@86QI
M9VX]

T1B;W1T

M;VYT/CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]





M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$


M96$@=VED=&@]

M=VED=&@]



T0R/C$L



]



M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G



T0Y



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E
M865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


]



T0R/E1O


]



]



M

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D


M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]



T0R/C8V+#@R-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I


M-65A96$@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N


]
T1?;70@



M


\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


T0R/C$L


M86QI9VX]

T0R)2!A

T0W
24@86QI9VX]
M



M-65A96$@=VED=&@]

]
T1?






]




]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+4)O;&1-5Q!


M-65A96$@=VED=&@]





M:71I97


B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]







T0R)2!A;&EG



]
T1?;70@


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^

M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ+#8W
SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G



]

M;&4]


T0R

M:6-A+'-A;G

CXT+#4S
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T


]
T1?



M



]
T1?



]

M


]

T0G9F]N

T0Y)2!A;&EG


M93TS1#(^
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8F=C;VQO

M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#DE(&%L:6=N/3-$

]



T0R/D]T:&5R

M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y



C0L-S


M

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS

T0W
24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T


M86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97


T0R/C
P+#DX
M.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4@86QI9VX]


]










M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y


]


#`P
2!P87(@=F%L=64Z(#(U


M=VED=&@]

M=&@]

T0W
M
24@86QI9VX]





]

T0G9F]N

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF;F)S

T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI
M9VX]



M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY!9&1I
M=&EO;F%L('!A:60M:6X@8V%P:71A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y



3
U+#0T
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A

M;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M/3-$
CXQ


T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


M*#$S-2PU




T0R
M/B@W
2PV




M('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]



]

T0G



M86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M:7IE/3-$


M/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]
T1R


M($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M
CXY-BPP


]


24%24Q)5$E%4R!!3D0@15%52519/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED
M=&@]

]

M

T0Y





]


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS



M04Y9(%-4051%345.5%






M8F]R9&5R/3-$

M=VED=&@]
T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#DE/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/CPO
M='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#8P)2!A;&EG



M9VX]

]

T0G9F]N

M=&@]

M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]


M8CX\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E

M9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M


B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L
M;W(]



M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS


M1#(^


T0R
M/C$L

M=&@]

]

M


M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$


M+'-A;G

CY

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L


2PU-S`\+V9O;G0^

M9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]


M=&@]

S0I


T1L



B4@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!A;&EG


M93TS1#(^-3

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]


M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXY


]
T1?;70@




T0R/C

M



SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\



M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


M(&YE=#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

M:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ+#4P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T







]


M-65A96$@=VED=&@]


M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


T0R)2!A

M+'-A;G



M/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@],T0V
M,4@86QI9VX]





]


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^

]


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]


M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ-RPQ-C@\+V9O;G0^



T0R/B@S.PV-S@\+V9O;G0^/]T


T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T



\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


T0R/B0\+V9O

M86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M:7IE/3-$
CXH-C

M-65A96$@=VED=&@]

]
T1?



M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


T0Y)2!A;&EG


M93TS1#(^
38L-S

M96$@=VED=&@]

]
T1?;70@




]


M9&EN9R`F(S@R



]

T0G9F]N


M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T




]




M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY%87)N:6YG

M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

]
M


M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT


3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT






M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M:7IE/3-$






M97(]
T0P/@T*/'1R/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#8R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.24^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$.24^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#DE/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C(E(&%L:6=N/3-$

B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0S

M9VX]

]

T0G9F]N

M8CX\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C(E

B4@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS

M1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R

M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I


I(&%T=')I8G5T

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O

]



M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G





T0C9#5E
M865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT


M8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N







T1L
M969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^


M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=VED=&@]

T0V
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF


M8WD@=')A;G-L871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N=#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P


T0R/C
L

M

M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXT+#$X.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D


]


M

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]


M=VED=&@]

]

M;&4]

M
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!A;&EG


M93TS1#(^
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
M



]




M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXS+#DY-SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M


]

T0G9F]N



]

M

M=&@]

]

M

T0R

]

T0G9F]N




T0R)2!A

]


T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS


M1#(^*#
U+#@W.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M



M;&4]





($E.



@:6X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N

M=&0@=VED=&@]




3`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF

M;VQD350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXR
M

M=&5R/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB

M;U;VQD350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M
CXR

M8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q



T0R/C(P

M1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U.24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L


M=&@]


B4@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]




M+'-A;G



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-C


]
M



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-BPW


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-#`L


]
M


T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-3DE(&%L:6=N





]



3`E

B4@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I


T0Q


T0R/C8U+#@Y
M
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4@86QI9VX]

T0Q

T0R/B@Q-RPQ-C@\




M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXS.PV-S@\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E


M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G




M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

]
T1?






M
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L
M;W(]





M93TS1#(^
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8F=C;VQO

T0Q


T0R/C`\

T0Q


T0R/C$W-3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@
M86QI9VX]

T1B

T0R)2!A

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS





M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

]
T1?



M


M:71I97

M=&@]

M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$

T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E
M865A('=I9'1H/3-$

M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N



]

T0G


M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

]
T1?


M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

]
T1?


M=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M



T0R/C0W-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS

]


T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-3DE(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\






M)R!S:7IE/3-$




M86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#4U-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E
M865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-3DE(&%L:6=N/3-$


3`E

]

T0G9F]N



T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=#X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


3`L
M




]


M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@8VQA

]



T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E


M
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]


M=&@]




T0C9#5E
M865A('=I9'1H/3-$

]
T1?



M


\

M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXH
2PR.3`\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!C

T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T




3`E

]

T0G9F]N

T0R)2!A;&EG

T0U.24@86QI9VX]
T1L




M=&@]

M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ
PX.30\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$

T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M1-D-65A96$@=VED=&@],T0Q,4@86QI9VX]


M

M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI
M9VX]

T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8F=C



M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T


M/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U.24@86QI9VX]
M


M1#(^4')O8V5E9'

T0R)2!A;&EG

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS



#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]






T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4@86QI9VX]



T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I
M9'1H/3-$

]

M;&4]


M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


T0R)2!A;&EG


]

T0G

M:6YV97-T:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR.PR-#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E

B4@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


]


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

]


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)FYB



T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I


T1L
M969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^


T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M

T0U.24@
M86QI9VX]



T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M86QI9VX]

T0Q



T0R/B@S-2PP




M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


]


M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

M9!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS

T0U.24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T


M=6%N8V4@8V]S='

M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M




M/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E

]

T0G9F]N

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF;F)S

T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(&%L

]



M/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U.24@86QI9VX]
T1L






#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^(#PO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q



T0R/B@Q+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT


M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q


T0R/C(S+#@S-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-3DE


T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M1-D-65A96$@=VED=&@],T0Q,4@86QI9VX]

M




T0C9#5E865A
M('=I9'1H/3-$

]
T1?;70@


M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF;F)S


M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#87-H(&%N9!C87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S+!B96=I

B4@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M

B4@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^
M(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
4@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!C

T0R/C@X
#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]


M=VED=&@]

M
T0U.24@86QI9VX]









M(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$P)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE








T0R/DYO=&4@=&\@4V-H961U;&4@23PO9F]N=#X\

M+'-A;G


M86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='


@9&5S

M8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S+!W:71H('1H92!O;FQY(&5X8V5P=&EO;B!B96EN



M=&AE(&YO=&5S('1O('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E
M;65N='




M4V-H961U;&4@22!H87


3(M
#0H82D@86YD(#4M
#0H8RD@;V8@






3-?8V)C
%\T
#`U7V)B-6%?
#0R
M.#0X.3@V-#8Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4V
V8S
M8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T

M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@


]
T1T



T1T;W`^



]






]

T0G

M
!B;W)D97(],T0P/@T*/'1R/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#0U)3X@/]T9#X-CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/B`\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,24^(#PO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^(#PO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X@
M/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0T
M-24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A


M:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M

M
3$E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R

B4@
M86QI9VX]



M9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]



M


M

M
B4@86QI9VX]


M9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0T-24@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG





M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M=VED=&@]

M9'1H/3-$
3$E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT

M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CYA=!%;F0\+V9O;G0^/]B



T0T-24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T



M/3-$

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]




\+V9O


M
B4@86QI9VX]


T0R/F]F(%EE87(\+V9O;G0^/]B/CPO=&0^/]T


T0R/D%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@86-C;W5N='
@

T0C9#5E865A
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8F=C

T0R)2!A;&EG


M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M


M=VED=&@]

]

M;&4]

M
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]


M

]

T0G

T0Q
24@
M86QI9VX]

T0R)2!A


M


]


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)FYB

M


T0R/BT@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L


M/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&%L:6=N/3-$

]


M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXH.3

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS

]



M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$

M-65A96$@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]


]



M82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT



M:6-A+'-A;G

CXT+#
U-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT


M9'1H/3-$

]

M;&4]


M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$





T0R/C@L


T0R/D%L;&]W


T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P


M;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$

M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M




M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXR+#$V-#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S


M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

]
T1?


M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]



M

]

T0G




M($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M
CXR+#8X
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


M:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXD

T0Q
M
24@86QI9VX]


M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H


M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M96$@=VED=&@]

]
T1?;70@



T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^

M;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M/3-$

M=&@]

T0G


T0R/BT@
C`Q
M
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF


M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


]


M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXV.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=VED=&@]

]

M;&4]

M
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]



]

T0G9F]N

T0R)2!A;&EG




M=VED=&@]


T0C9#5E865A('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8F=C;VQO



T0R/BT@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@
M86QI9VX]



3$E(&%L:6=N

]


M:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXH

M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G



T0R/B@Q
M-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF


T0R/C
L.#


T0R/BT@
C`Q
CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI
M9VX]


M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I
M9'1H/3-$

]

M;&4]


M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1R


MCQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


M
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4@86QI9VX]


M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]



]

M;&4]



M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED
M=&@]



T0R/BT@
C`Q
SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@
M86QI9VX]



T0C9#5E865A
M('=I9'1H/3-$

]
T1?;70@






M-65A96$@=VED=&@]



T0R/B0\+V9O


]
T1?






M

CXM(#(P



T0R

]

T0G9F]N

T0Q
24@86QI
M9VX]

T0R)2!A;&EG


T0R

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]

T0T
M-24@86QI9VX]





]
M




T0R/CDL
M

M

]

T0G




T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE






]


M96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$






]
T1?;70^3FEL(&9I9W5R97
@9F]R(&9I

M




M=!I9#TS1$E$,$5&4D%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S




T0R/D$N


M86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M:7IE/3-$



@1T%!
M4(I+B!4:&4@86-C;VUP86YY:6YG(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!F:6YA;F-I86P@


@
M=VEL;!B92!R96%L:7IE9!A;F0@;&EA8FEL:71I97




XP/]F;VYT

M:6-H(&ES(&1E9FEN960@87
@=&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97


@8F5F;W)E(&EN8V]M92!T87@@97AP96YS92!O9B`D

M



T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(&)E;&EE=F5S('1H870@


2P@
C`Q

M92!S:&]R=!T97)M(&5F9F5C=!O9B!A('-U8G-T86YT:6%L(&EN8W)E87-E



M)W

@8VAA;FYE;!W:&EC:!W87



M92!L;W-S97


@


]
T1?


M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY&;W(@=&AE
M('1W;R!M;VYT:'
@96YD960@36%Y(#



]
T1?;70^
C@N


]
T1?;70^


T0R/B8C
3@S.R`\+V9O

]











]
T1R93X-

]
T1T97AT

]


M+'-A;G





N






M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY54R!'04%0('!R
M;W9I9&5S(&=U:61A;F-E(&]N('1H92!I9&5N=&EF:6-A=&EO;B!A;F0@9FEN



M86YC92!I='





M86)L92X@5&AE(&]P97)A=&EO;G


M)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;V8@82!S=6)S:61I87)Y
M(&ES(&%T=')I8G5T960@=&\@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86YD('1O('1H92!N;VYC






]



]

T0G

M8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT










@:6YC











M;G


M97









M='



]

]

]
M




M/3-$


M:6







]

]

]
T1-


M;U;VQD350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M


M($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M



@=&\@86-Q
M=6ER92!A;F0@;W1H97(@8V]S='

M(&EN=F5N=&]R:65S('1O('1H96ER('!R97-E;G0@;&]C871I;VX@86YD(&-O
M;F1I=&EO;BX@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@979A;'5A=&5S('1H92!M87)K970@9F]R

@86YD(')E8V]R
M9'





]



M;G






@87)E(&EN


M:6-A+'-A;G

CY$97!R96-I871I;VX@:7
@8V%L






M:6-A+'-A;G


M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF;F)S

M($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M
CY0;&%N=!A;F0@;6%C:&EN97)Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX]
M


M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY/9F9I

M96$@86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A(&%L:6=N

M


M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G



]
T1?



T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E

M;G






]

]


M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY)+B!
96%S97
\+V9O


M:7`@:7



]
T1P








M:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY.





]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^(#QD:78@

]




M)R!S:7IE/3-$

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[


M;F5V97(@979E;G1S(&]R(&-H86YG97








]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M26UP86ER;65N=!/9B!';V]D=VEL;!!;F0@26YD969I;FET92!,:79E9!)





\


@=&AE(&9A









@;V8@=&AE(')E


2!A<W-E='
@
M;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97



M=#LG/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQF;VYT(&-L87-S


M='




@:7







M;F1E9!-87)C:`S
2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BP@;F\@:6YT86YG:6)L92!A




]
T1?
M;70^
XS/]F;VYT/B!M:6QL:6]N+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]F;VYT/CPO



]

]
T1-971A1&%T83X-


M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY-+B!);F-O
M;64@=&%X97



M('=I=&@@=&AE(&QA=W

M=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@87










@=&\@=&AE




T0G=&5X






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1T97AT

]


M+'-A;G








@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&1E;F]M:6YA=&5D(&EN

@;W1H97(@=&AA;B!T:&4@55





@;W1H97(@=&AA;B!T:&4@55
@9&]L;&%R(&1U


#`\+V9O;G0^









@87)E('1R86YS;&%T
M960@870@=&AE(&5X8VAA;F=E(')A=&5S(&%T('1H92!B86QA;F-E('-H965T








]

]
M

]


M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY/+B!2979E;G5E(')E8V]G







@



M='
@86YD(&EN8V5N=&EV97
L('1R861E('!R;VUO=&EO;G
@86YD('!R;V1U


@













@86YD(&%D=6QT


M



@:7

M='
G(&]B;&EG871I;VX@=&\@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@=V]U;&0@;F]T(&)E(&-H





@;V8@=&AE
M(')E;&%T960@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G

M9&=M96YT('=H96X@97-T:6UA=&EN9R!T:&4@:6UP86-T(&]F('1H97-E('-A
M;&5S(&1E9'5C=&EO;G






M+'-A;G




@87)E(')E


T0R
M/F%C=&EV:71I97





\+V9O;G0^(#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT



M8FQE(&UO;G1H+CPO9F]N=#X@#0H\+VQI/@T*/&QI/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


M(')E8F%T97

@87









N(%-I;F-E(')E8F%T97
@87)E(&-O;G1R








]






M:6]N(&]F(')E=F5N=65S(&EN('1H92!Y96%R(&EN('=H:6-H('1H97-E('!R

]

T0G



]

T0G9F]N

@








]

M



]
T1?





M(')E='5R;G

\+V9O




]






]



M;G


M='


M9!-87)C:`S
2P@
C`Q
RP@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q













T0R/E(N












M7VUT/C0N
CPO9F]N=#X@;6EL;&EO;BP@)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C4N
M-3PO9F]N=#X@;6EL;&EO;B!A;F0@)#QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT/C$N-#PO




@0F5N969I='
\+W1D/@T*

'0M86QI






M
T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W




T0R/E0N($5A




@96%R;FEN9W




M=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@;G5M8F5R(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!O=71S=&%N9&EN


I('!E


@







M='








I(&ES(&1E9FEN




















]
T1?;70@




@86YD(&-O

]

]
T1T97AT/CQD

]


M;G










@82!F86ER('9A;'5E(&AI97)A



@8F%S960@=7!O







]




M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY

@9F]R('-I;6EL87(@87-S971S(&EN









R!I;G!U='
@:6YC;'5D92!U;F]B


M:&4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G



M:6]N(&%V86EL86)L92P@:6YC;'5D:6YG('1H96ER(&]W;B!D871A+CPO9F]N




'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF;F)S<#LF;F)S








2P@
M
C`Q





@


]

]

]
T1-


M;U;VQD350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M


M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY);B!*=6QY(#(P
3(L
M('1H92!&:6YA;F-I86P@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'


M8V5M96YT(')E;&%T960@=&\@=&5S=&EN9R!I;F1E9FEN:71E+6QI=F5D(&EN





M:7

M965D960N(%1H92!A;65N9&UE;G1S(&%R92!E9F9E8W1I=F4@9F]R(&%N;G5A


34L(#(P
M


]


M








M7V4V
V8S8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T
C@T.#DX-C0V.0T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)

T0Q


#$S/&)R/CPO




]
M

M

T0T
M

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L
M;W(]


M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT



]

]



M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CYR96YO

T0C9#9E865A(&%L


M

CY0;&%N=!A;F0@;6%C:&EN97)Y/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@86QI9VX]



M+'-A;G


T1R:6=H=#X\

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

T0C9#9E


M+'-A;G



]

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A(&%L


M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$



M87)T7V4V
V8S8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T
C@T.#DX-C0V.0T*0V]N





]

M




S$L(#(P
3








Q+#PO


M



3
E(&%L


M

CXR




M;G

CXU-BPV

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^

T1B


3


]





]


M/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#8Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@8VQA

]



T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4@86QI9VX]



T0R/C$T+#`W-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L


T0R/C$W+#4X
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@

M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY4;W1A
M;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF


M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3


]



M9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S


M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

V8S8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T
M






]

T1)1#!%




]


]


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@3V8@0F%L86YC97,@1'5E($9R;VT@4F5L
M871E9!087)T:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\


M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S
E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^(#PO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X@/]T
M9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0W
R4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]



S$L




T0R



T0R/C(P
3


M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY3:&5N9R!::&D@1&$@1&%I






M(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$P)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S






M+'-A;G

CXS+#$X
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^

M;G


M($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M
CXS+#$S
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8F=C;VQO




T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-S

M($QT9X\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F



]





]




]


M

CXU+#8W-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L


M/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(&%L:6=N/3-$

]



]




T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H

M
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@
M86QI9VX]

]

T0G

MCQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q


Q+#PO
M9F]N=#X\+V(^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0W,4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT

M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXH26X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO

B4@86QI9VX]
M



C`Q

T0W
M


M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$

M-65A96$@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]


M:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXD

T0Q
M



T0R/C$L




M

]

T0G


3`E(&%L

]



M



MCQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M

]

T0G



#PO

M




T0R/C(U-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q




T0W



M(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S




T0R


]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@3V8@4V%L97,@5&\@4F5L871E9!087)T:65S
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/B`\=&%B;&4@


M-C
E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0Y)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$.24^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T


M
S$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S

M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY996%R($5N9&5D



M

]


M

M.24@86QI9VX]

]

M

M=&0@=VED=&@]

M('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]

]
T1?



T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-C



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXW-S4\




M+'-A;G

CXQ+#(T
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF


M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI
M9VX]

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C


M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N


M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\


]
T1?


M/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0V
R4@86QI9VX]
M



M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S



]
T1?;70@



M/3-$.24@86QI9VX]



M96YT($UA;F%G96UE;G0@0V\N+!,=&0N/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8F=C


]




]




]

T0G

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C


M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@8VQA

]


M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


RPU




M;G

CXQ




M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU+#@W


@1G)O;2!296QA=&5D(%!A


M=&@]
T0V
R4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#DE/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0Y)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0S

T1C96YT97(^/&(^/&9O;G0@

]




T0R




C`Q


C`Q



C`Q
3PO9F]N

T0V
R4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT


M;VYN971E($1A:7)Y($-O+BP@3'1D+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L


M/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]
T1R

M


T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$.24@
M86QI9VX]

M='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0V
R4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S



T0R)2!A

M;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M/3-$
CXQ
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT


#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M:6-A+'-A;G

CY96EJ:6YG(%-T+B!!;F=E;!#

T0Y



M-65A96$@=VED=&@]


M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXS
SD\



T0R/C0X
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^

M($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M
CY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L


M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O

]


M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L


S

M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E-C-F
V(Q
U]C8F
P
M7S0P

S+FAT


M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]





]
T1R







M(#






M
3


M+'-A;G

CXR



M

]

T0G



T0R/C$L

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

]




T0R/C

T0R/E!R97!A:60@
M;W1H97(@=&%X97

M($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M
CXQ
PP-3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$

3


]



]


T0Q
R4@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

M(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S


BPV


T0R/C(L







M-65A96$@=VED=&@]



T0C
M9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
3

]
M



]


M($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M
CXQ.PT,#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$



38L
M


V8S8C$S7V-B8S!?
M-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T





]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\



]


M9VX]



]

]
T1P

T0P/@T*
M/'1R/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#8X)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C@E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF;F)S

B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^/&9O;G0@

]


M8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4@86QI9VX]
T1C

]


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]


M
3


M+'-A;G

CXR

M




]
M


M;G


T0Q
R4@86QI9VX]



M;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M/3-$

M=&@]
T0Q
R4@86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C@E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F


M
3

]

T0G



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX-PU-3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG

M86QI9VX]



M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N



T0R/C@T+#4U.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\


T0R/C@S
M+#
X-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQT

M+'-A;G



T0R
M/C$P+#@P.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-C@E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\

M;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


RPQ.#`\+V9O

M+'-A;G

CXR+#DU
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^

M($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M


M:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXY
M

M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXV
S8\+V9O


M+'-A;G


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^

]





T0R/C$X
RPX
SD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@],T0V.4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT



M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
R4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A


T1L



T0Q
R4@86QI
M9VX]

T0Q
R4@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N



]

T0G


M9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S



MCQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


3(L





T0C9#5E
M865A('=I9'1H/3-$
3

]
T1?



M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS
RPS
S@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@],T0V.4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF


M(&5Q=6EP;65N=!A;F0@9G5R;FES:&EN9W,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!W

M/3-$
3

]

M










M8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
3


]



]

M


M
3

]

T0G


3
E(&%L

]



M



T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!A;&EG;CTS


M1#(^-3$L





B4@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
R4@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^


T1L969T/CQF;VYT



M;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M/3-$
CXQ
S`L

M96$@=VED=&@]

]
T1?;70@










86YD(%5S92!2:6=H='

]




M86YD(%5S92!2:6=H='



T0P/@T*/'1R/CQT

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^(#PO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T1B

M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4@86QI9VX]

]
M



M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^

]


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0W


3(E(&%L


M

CXR




T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$



M

]

T0G



T0R/C$Q+#DV-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L


M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M

]

T0G

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0W

M=&@]


3(E

]

T0G9F]N


M9VX]



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^

M+'-A;G


T0Q
B4@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N



M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E-C-F,V(Q,U]C8F,P7S0P,#5?
M8F(U85\P-#(X-#@Y.#8T-CD-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO938S9C-B
3-?8V)C
%\T
#`U7V)B-6%?

M:&5E='
O4VAE970S-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

]


]
T1R93X-



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@






M
B4@86QI9VX]




3$E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB

M;U;VQD350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M



M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]







B4@86QI9VX]
T1C






T0R/E=R:71E/]F;VYT/CPO
M8CXM;V9F/]F;VYT/CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M




]


2P@
C`Q



]
T1?



M82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT






#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T


M;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]



M($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M

M
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]


M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
#$E(&-O;'-P86X]

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-#DE(&%L:6=N/3-$

#$R.CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A


3$E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
M

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@

]




M
T0R/C0L

M=VED=&@]

]

M;&4]





T0R

M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXT+#
W

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E-C-F
V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P
M


T0G




M/3-$




]


]
M

]

M8VEN9STS1#`@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(U)3X@
M/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0W
M



T1R:6=H=#XF

C4E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB

M;U;VQD350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M








M=&@]
T0W



M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(U)2!A;&EG;CTS





T0R/C(P





T0R/C(P




3


M
V8S8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T





]

T1)1#!%

:6%B

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]

]
M

]

:6%B:6QI=&EE


M/3-$
3$E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0Q

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D

M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]

]

M;&4]

M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^/&9O;G0@

]


M;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0W
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S

M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXH26X@=&AO=7-A

B4@
M86QI9VX]



C`Q

M=&@]
T0W
B4@86QI9VX]



M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXR
2PS


T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0W
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF




3$E

]

T0G9F]N





M

M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N




M-65A96$@=VED=&@]


M=VED=&@]
T0W
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T


T0R

T0R)2!A

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-S(E(&%L:6=N


M/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L


BPS-3@\+V9O;G0^

M:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T



M

CXT+#@Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;G

CXR+#
T-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P



T0R/C8P
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G



M:6-A+'-A;G

CXS+#(P.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I



M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
M

M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXT








M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S






M9'1H/3-$.#4E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q


]
T1?;70@



T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#4E

B4@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q





M


M+'-A;G

CY-87)C:`S,2P\+V9O;G0^/]B/CPO

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

MCQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F






T0R/C(P
34\+V9O;G0^

M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXV

M96$@=VED=&@]
T0X-24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT


C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N

M86QI9VX]


]


M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A


M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF;F)S

T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(&%L

]


M='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0X-24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S




B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q


T0R/C$W+#`R

M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G



M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$P)2!A;&EG;CTS


M1#(^
3DL-S






3`E(&%L

]




T0R

M+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0X-24@86QI
M9VX]



B4@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q


M

T0X-24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T



M=&@]

T0X
M-24@86QI9VX]











]

]



T1T;W`^/'-T






]

M8F]R9&5R/3-$










T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-#$E(&%L:6=N/3-$






M/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@


M;U;VQD350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M



C`P.#PO9F]N=#X\+V(^




]
M




M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G





M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-#$E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\


M:6-A+'-A;G

CXR-3QF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT


M:6-A+'-A;G


BXU
M)2`H

T0T
24@86QI9VX]
M


M1#(^26YN97(@36]N9V]L:6$@2'5I;&ED=6\@1F]O9!#;RXL($QT9X\+V9O




]


T0C


T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I

M;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
38E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P


T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-#$E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F


M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXR-3QF;VYT(&-L87-S



M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY.;R!T87@@:&]L:61A

M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY-96ET96L@


M:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXR



M




T0R/F%T(#$R
M+C4E(@R,#$P+3$R*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#0Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@8VQA

]




M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$




M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$


M($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M
CY496-H;F]L;V=Y($-O+BP@3'1D+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
38E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0T
B4@86QI9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-#$E


M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$



M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY.;R!T87@@:&]L:61A

M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY397)V:6-E
M($-O+BP@3'1D+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A
M('=I9'1H/3-$
38E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@






]



C`Q
2DL(#(U



M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
C`Q



M86QI9VX]

I($)E9F]R


T0P

M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^(#PO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=VED=&@]




M



T0R/C(P
3


T0R/C(P


M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


T0R)2!A

]



T0R/B@S+#`T-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF


M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI
M9VX]



]


T0C9#9E865A
M('=I9'1H/3-$

]
T1?;70@


M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF;F)S

T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI
M9VX]


M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I
M9'1H/3-$

]

M;&4]

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N


T0T
M.24@86QI9VX]



M
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@
M86QI9VX]

T0R)2!A



P

M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


M9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S


M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$



M;G




M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M-F5A96$@=VED=&@]

]
T1?



T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
M


M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&%L:6=N

]


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0T.24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF




CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L


M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

]

M;&4]


M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
24@86QI9VX]



M=VED=&@]

]

M;&4]



T0R/B@R-RPP
S4\+V9O











M;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@
M86QI9VX]





M5&\@4F5P;W)T960@06UO=6YT($]F($EN8V]M92!487@@17AP96YS92`H0F5N

]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^(#QT


T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^(#PO=&0^/]T


T0R/EEE87(@16YD960@36%R8V@@


M9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#@E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L

M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXR

M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]


M8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&-E



T0R/C(P


M



T1R

T1R:6=H


]
M




]


M
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0X)2!A





T0R/B@R
M+#4Y
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0X)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L



M:6-A+'-A;G

CY04D
@=&%X(&AO;&ED87D@969F

M

M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXS

M-F5A96$@=VED=&@]
T0X)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$



M96$@=VED=&@]
T0X)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O

]



T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]


M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXT-BPW
#`\+V9O;G0^

M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M



2PS


]




]

T0G


M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M-F5A96$@=VED=&@]

]
T1?




]




M:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY%
M9F9E8W0@;V8@=&%X(')E9G5N9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0X)2!A



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G





T0R/B@X
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT



M



]
T1?


MCQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F


T0C9#9E



T0R/C$L
3

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^



T0R/DYO;F1E9'5C=&EB;&4@:71E;7



]

T0G


]



T0R/E1O
M=&%L(&EN8V]M92!T87@@97AP96YS92`H8F5N969I=D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F


]

T0G9F]N


M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]



T0R/C$S+#4Q
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\

M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


T0X)2!A




M-F5A96$@=VED=&@]

]
T1?



]

@0GD@5'EP92!/

M;B!686QU871I;VX@06QL;W=A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M1#`^#0H\='(^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S`E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M,T0Y)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


T1C96YT97(^/&(^/&9O

]


M/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS

T1C

]





T0R




C`Q


T0R/C(P


T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T


M

T0R)2!A;&EG

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS

T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^

M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ+#
W-SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

]
T1?


M=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T




]

T0G

T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L



T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S




]

M;&4]

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ
2PV

M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

M-65A96$@=VED=&@]
T0W

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@
M86QI9VX]



T0C9#5E865A
M('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]



T0W
M

M=&0@=VED=&@]

M;G

CXR+#$X-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#`W
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@
M86QI9VX]

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-S`E(&%L:6=N

M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M



T0C9#5E865A('=I
M9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]



T0W
M


]




M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI
M9VX]

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF;F)S

T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI
M9VX]


T0W
M


M86QI9VX]


]




M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY
97-S


M($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M
CXH
CDL-S

M=VED=&@]

]

M;&4]


M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#DE(&%L:6=N/3-$

]



T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@],T0W,4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^

M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G




]

M



3
L
C


]


M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=VED=&@]


M9VX]



M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M


M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H
M/3-$.24@86QI9VX]


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS

]



M9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0W


T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N



]
T1?



M

CY


T0R

M:6-A+'-A;G

CXU
#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

M96$@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)FYB




]
T1?;70@



M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y





]



M8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N




M;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$.24@86QI9VX]





]
T1?;70@


M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M





M86QI9VX]



M/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L

M



T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@8VQA

]



T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S`E(&%L

T0R)2!A;&EG

]


T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


M
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@

]


M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Y)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S






]

T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT


]
T1?


M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]


3`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF

M;VQD350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY-
M87)C:`S,2P\+V9O;G0^/]B/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG


3`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N



M:7IE/3-$
CXR

M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q


T0R/C(P


M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI
M9VX]


M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I
M9'1H/3-$

]

M;&4]

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF;F)S

T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI
M9VX]


M93TS1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I
M9'1H/3-$

]

M;&4]



]

T0G

M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

M+'-A;G

CXS+#$T-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H


M=VED=&@]
T0Q


T0R/B@S+#
Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF


M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI
M9VX]



M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N


T0V
M-B4@86QI9VX]



M+'-A;G

CXU-BPY-S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ


M:6YG/3-$
!B;W)D97(],T0P/@T*/'1R/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#0X)3X@/]T
M9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,3`E/B`\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)3X@
M/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q
M,4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X@/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@],T0T.4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]





M/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]

M9'1H/3-$
3`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT

M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXR

M9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0R/C(P
3(\+V9O




M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY#=7)R

T0C9#5E865A('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@8F=C;VQO

T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO


M
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$

M/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L



M



B4@
M86QI9VX]



3`E(&%L:6=N

]


M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXD/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q,4@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N


M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
G!X

T1L969T


M4D

M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXW

M-65A96$@=VED=&@]
T0Q



T0R/C$Q
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T

M96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$P)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^

]



T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H


M=&@]

T0R

M;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M/3-$

T1R:6=H=#X\


]

M

M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=VED=&@]


B4@
M86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q






T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^

T0Q



T0R/B@U




M86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M:7IE/3-$


]


T1R:6=H


M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


]


M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

]
M


M=&0@=VED=&@]

M=&@]


T1L




T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

M96$@=VED=&@]


T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E

]

T0G9F]N


M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G







M93TS1#(^




]



B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0R/B@Y+#0T
3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT



M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L


M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M

]

T0G


M/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L


M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M

]

T0G


M/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L


M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M

]

T0G





]


!B;W)D97(],T0P/@T*/'1R
M/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#4Q)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,3$E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^(#PO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X@

M9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S

M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY-87)C:`S,2P\
M+V9O;G0^/]B/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^


]

M;&4]

M/CPO8CX\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^/&9O

]


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT


M93TS1#(^
C`Q



M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY86QA;F-E(&%T(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/]F

M86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M:7IE/3-$

M=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]


T0R)2!A;&EG

]



T0R/C$L




M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U
24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T



M

CXQ-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A


B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\

M;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#4Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@

]



M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]



M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$

M-F5A96$@=VED=&@]


T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\

M
T0U
24@86QI9VX]



M:6-A+'-A;G

CXU
#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$

M($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M
CXQ+#$Y.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X@/]D:78^/'-P86X^


V(Q
U]C
M8F
P7S0P

M;G0]

2!R





S$L(#(P
3






]

]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^(#QT






T0R




M8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&-E


M1#(^
C`Q



T0R/C(P





M+#@X.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]



T0C
M9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


]
T1?;70@


M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]




M(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S


M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#5E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M


M1#(^*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQT

M+'-A;G







M=&0@=VED=&@]

M=VED=&@]

M
T0U.24@86QI9VX]





M


M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1R

M



]
M





T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1R



M(V0U96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S



T0R

3-?8V)C
%\T
M
#`U7V)B-6%?
#0R.#0X.3@V-#8Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V4V
V8S8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T
C@T.#DX-C0V.2]7


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5-13X-B`@(`@(#QT

]
M


T1T



]


!B;W)D97(],T0P/@T*/'1R/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#@S
M)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M,3(E/B`\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQT9!W:61T



3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R



M/3-$




T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I
M9'1H/3-$.#




M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$R)2!A;&EG;CTS


M1#(^





T0R/C(P

M;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M/3-$
CXQ+#8X
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXR



2PV.#

M=VED=&@]
T0X
R4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T


C`Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P






T0R/C(P
3D@86YD('1H97)E

M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXT.2PW
M

T0X
R4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E-C-F
V(Q
U]C
M8F
P7S0P




M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S$L(#(P
3










M=&0@=VED=&@]


M/3-$
3$E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T

M:6-A+'-A;G

CXR

MCQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]

]
M





B4@86QI9VX]



C`Q
M


]

M;&4]

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


B4@86QI9VX]

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED
M=&@]

T0U
M-24@86QI9VX]



M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF


M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&%L

]



]





T0R/C
P


T0R/B0\






M1#(^


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]


M9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S





M

M:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXY
M

M:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ
M+#`P
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-34E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^




M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

M96$@=VED=&@]
T0U-24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE

]






T0R

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS


M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H
M/3-$

]

M


T0U
M-24@86QI9VX]





M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L

M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS

M+'-A;G


T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N



M;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U-24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$



M+'-A;G

CXT
#


M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M/3-$


]



M

CXY+#(Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO

M=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]


T0R)2!A;&EG


T0R/C@L

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)FYB

M9'1H/3-$

]

M;&4]



T0R/C$L




M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY);G1E






T0C9#9E
M865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

MCQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I


M
3

M=&@]

M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


T0Q
24@86QI
M9VX]



T0R
M/D=23U-3(%!23T9)5`H3$]34RD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS

3$E

B4@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^



]
T1?


T0R)2!A

]



T0R/C$P
BPR-#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT




T0R



M
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]


3$\+V9O;G0^

]
T1?



T0R/B@R+#@V
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T


M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M

]

T0G



T0R)2!A;&EG

]


T1B;W1T;VT^
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-34E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F

M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/B@R+#@Q
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT


M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M

T0C9#9E865A('=I
M9'1H/3-$

]

M;&4]

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N




M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G









M








M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G







]

M;&4]



T0R/C$T
PY,C$\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L

T0C9#9E865A
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]




M

M=&@]

M






T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS

T0U-24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T



M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T



T0R/C
R+#4W-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^

M
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS


T0R/C0Q+#0R
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)FYB



C


M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

M=VED=&@]
T0U-24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T


M96$@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]

M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF;F)S

T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI
M9VX]

T0C9#9E865A
M('=I9'1H/3-$

]
T1?;70@




M9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#XF;F)S


M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$


3$E(&%L

]



T0R

M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G



\

M:6-A+'-A;G

CXT+#(Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T

M-F5A96$@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]



M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$


M+'-A;G


I(&9R;VT@;W!E

B4@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H



T0R/BD\




]
T1?;70@


T0R)2!A;&EG






M=VED=&@]
T0U-24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T


MCQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


BPS

M;G

CXQ+#@W
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
24@86QI9VX]


M
T0R/D]T:&5R(&EN8V]M92`H97AP96YS92DL(&YE=#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T



T0R/B@S-#



T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT





M-F5A96$@=VED=&@]






M-F5A96$@=VED=&@]

M96YE9FET*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L


M)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


]


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^

]


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


]


S0\


T0R/B0\+V9O


]
M



T0R

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^

M+'-A;G

CXQ
2PQ-#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT




M=VED=&@]

M+'-A;G



T0R/C4L



M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]



T0C
M9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]



T0C
M9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]




M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY.=71R:71I;VYA

M9'1H/3-$

]

M;&4]


M
B4@86QI9VX]

3$E

]

T0G9F]N


T0R
M/C
Y
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G
M8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-34E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N



T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4@86QI9VX]




T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^

M96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

M:6-A+'-A;G

CXV.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H


M

]

T0G

T0Q
24@
M86QI9VX]

M86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M:7IE/3-$






M:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY$
M15!214-)051)3TX@04Y$($%-3U)425I!5$E/3CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N

M96$@=VED=&@]



T0R/E!O





B4@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H



M-RPW


T0R


M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI
M9VX]



T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)FYB

M82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT


2PV-S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

M:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ+#0R.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I


B4@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
M

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS



2PY

M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ+#@T
3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M


T0R/C
Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO

M=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS


T0R/C
V
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L
M;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-34E

T0R)2!A

]


T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
M

M($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M
CXQ


M

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


M=U)O;6%N4%

M(&-O;&]R/3-$(S`P
#!F9B!S:7IE/3-$

M8F]R9&5R/3-$

M=VED=&@]
T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X@/]T9#X-CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X@/]T9#X\
M+W1R/@T*/'1R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@],T0V-4@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS




M1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
M
24@86QI9VX]

]

M








T0R/C(P
3



M


M9'1H/3-$

M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R



M:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY0

M:6-A+'-A;G


T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\


T0C
M9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]

M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


]





T0R/C(T+#DR.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I


T0C9#9E
M865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


T0R/C
S+#@W
M.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4@86QI9VX]



S
L
M

M

T1L969T/CQF;VYT




M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXQ
S
L




]


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]



M;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


BPW
3(\




M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXH
C$V+#DW
M-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4@86QI9VX]




M2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S


M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

]
T1?


M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]







T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^


M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N

M96$@=VED=&@]

T1L


M4&]W9&5R960@9F]R;75L83PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@
M86QI9VX]



3$E(&%L:6=N

]


T0R)2!A;&EG


T0R


T0R)2!A



T0C9#9E
M865A('=I9'1H/3-$

]
T1?



]

M;&4]



M;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M/3-$
CXQ.PR-S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N

B4@86QI9VX]
T1L
M969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

T0R/D]T:&5R(&)U

M=&@]



M
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


]





M+'-A;G



T0R/C$T
PY-3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!W

M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]



3$E

]

T0G9F]N

T0R






M=&@]
T0U
B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q
24^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0S)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)3X@/]T9#X-CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#
E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E/B`\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W1T

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
SDE(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB

M;U;VQD350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M




M1#(^
C`Q



T0R/C(P

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
R4@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I





T0R/CDX+C




E

M82!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT


M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
R4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF




M:68[)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0R/C$N-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
R4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$


M('=I9'1H/3-$

]
T1?;70@


M=&@]

]

M

T0Q
M
24@86QI9VX]



T0P(&)O

E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
30E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q-4^(#PO=&0^/]T

M=VED=&@]
T0U
R4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED
M=&@]


T0R/C(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]B/CPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0Q-4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^/&9O;G0@

]


T0S)2!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

30E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R



M/3-$
CXR
#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO8CX\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#4S)2!A;&EG

]



T0Q



M=F5T:6-A+'-A;G



M



3-?8V)C
%\T
#`U7V)B-6%?
M
#0R.#0X.3@V-#8Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4V
M
V8S8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T


M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE




M1#$^

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^



]


]


M;W)D97(]
T0P/@T*/'1R/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(P)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^(#PO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R)3X@/]T9#X-
MCQT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^(#PO=&0^
M#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X@/]T9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E/B`\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)3X@/]T
M9#X-CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24^(#PO

T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
C`E

B4@86QI
M9VX]

M

M8CX\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]


M:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
M
T0Q

@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&(^/&9O;G0@8VQA

]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L+4)O;&1-5Q!

M96%R(#(P


T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

B4@86QI
M9VX]

M

M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]


MCQT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@=VED=&@]

M(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A


T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$


M/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^

T0R)2!A;&EG

B4@86QI9VX]
M
T1C96YT97(^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)2!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

T0R)2!A

B4@86QI
M9VX]

M=&@]


MCQT9!W:61T:#TS1#4E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S

M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CY396-O;F0\+V9O



T0R)2!A;&EG




]

M



]





]



T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-24@86QI
M9VX]


T0R/B0\+V9O

M86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M:7IE/3-$
CXW

M:6-A+'-A;G


T0U)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF


L-S4W

M=&@]


T0R/CDY+#`U
M
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4@86QI9VX]


]
T1?





T0R/C@U+#
V-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@=F%L

M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G




]



B4@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XF;F)S



M=VED=&@]


]

T0G


T0R)2!A;&EG


]


M:'0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT





T0R/C
U+#4U.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M:6-A+'-A;G


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)FYB


M8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P

M

M-F5A96$@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@8F=C


T0C9#9E865A('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO



T0R/F%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T


M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M


T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^)FYB


M8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B`\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-24@86QI9VX]
T1L



M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#4E(&%L:6=N/3-$


M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CYS=&]C




]




M86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXH-#0L

T0R)2!A

]


T0U)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S


#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
M


M1#(^*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-24@86QI9VX]




T0R/B@Y+#4Y-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
M
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S


M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H

T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24@86QI9VX]



T0R/C$P+#(X
M-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4@86QI9VX]

M+'-A;G

CXW+#4R
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^

M($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M
CY796EG:'1E9!A=F5R86=E/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)2!A


M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U

T1L969T/CQF;VYT(&-L




B4@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XF

T1L969T/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]


M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)2!A


B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N8G-P.SPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]

M;3X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R


T0R/C4W
M+#
P
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B9N
M8G-P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0U)2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT




M+'-A;G

CXU-RPS
#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


T0R/C4W+#
P
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M86UI;'DZ($%R:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

M:7IE/3-$
CXU-RPS


T0R
M/C4W+#
P
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]
T1R

M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXU-RPS
#$\


T1B;W1T;VT^/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$


X
C$Q.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C
M9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M/'1D(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T



M96$@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^(#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@8F=C;VQO

M9#X-CQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$

T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4@86QI9VX]

M
T0C9#9E865A('=I9'1H/3-$-24@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B9N8G-P.SPO=&0^

T0U)2!A

M=VED=&@]


MCQT9!B9V-O;&]R/3-$(V0V96%E82!W:61T:#TS1#(E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F


]





M:6%L350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXH
M



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXH



T0R/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T



M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXH




M07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


T0R)2!A



]


T0C9#9E
M865A('=I9'1H/3-$-24@86QI9VX]


M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G


T0R)2!A



T0C9#9E865A
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24@86QI9VX]




]




T0U)2!A






T0R/CQF;VYT(&-L87-S/3-$7VUT('-T



M350L07)I86PL2&5L=F5T:6-A+'-A;G

CXP+C$S


V8S8C$S7V-B
M8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T







]




B!-;VYT:'




]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]


]


]


T1T;W`^07-S970@;&EA8FEL




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
'!E;G-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-RPP
S4L



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T.2PU-C8L
M

]


]
T1N=6UP/C8U+#8V.2PP
M

M/B@W
RPW
C
L

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9',@9G)O;2!S:&]R=UT97)M(&1E8G0\




#DL
M
3$U+#`P







L


BPP
#`\


38L
3`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C8P+#0T-BPP


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'


]



]
T1N=6UP/C4W+#8W
2PP




]






]


]
T1N=6UP/C@T






]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C4L
S`P+#`P



T1T;W`^1V]V97)N;65N

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C0L
M
C`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#`P+#`P



]

]
T1R






3-?8V)C
M
%\T
#`U7V)B-6%?

O4VAE970T-BYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P
3









]


:6YE($ET96US73PO


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XU('EE87)S/'-P86X^/]S





M;&EV97



T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;2!;

]



]



T1T;W`^57-E9G5L(&QI=F5S(&9O


T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;2!;365M8F5R72!\






]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@



]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]







@9F]R('!R;W!E

M87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ

T1T;W`^36%X:6UU;2!;365M8F5R72!\($]F9FEC






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E-C-F
M
V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P



M='`M97%U:78]

]


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
M



M




]


#`P/'-P86X^


M+#`P


M-RPW






]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1V]O9',M:6XM=')A;G-I=!I;F-L=61E





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B]E-C-F
V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P
#5?8F(U85\P-#(X-#@Y.#8T-CDO5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]













]
T1N





]

]


]
M

]






]



]

]
T1P





]



]




]


]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

:6YE($ET96US



]


3-?8V)C
%\T
#`U7V)B-6%?
#0R
M.#0X.3@V-#8Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4V
V8S
M8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T


M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$5/4T%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@



















M9VX]





]



T1T;W`^1'5E


T1T;W`^0F5I:FEN9R!(;VYN971E($1A:7)Y($-O+BP@







]

]
M

M=&0N(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]




]



]

]
T1P



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]E-C-F
V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P
#5?8F(U85\P-#(X-#@Y.#8T-CDO5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



M;CTS1#
^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

M
#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$








T1T;W`^0F5I
M:FEN9R!(;VYN971E($1A:7)Y($-O+BP@3'1D+B!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@











]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M
C0R+#`P




]


]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M4V%L97


]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#`P



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4W0N($%N9V5L(A96EJ:6YG*2!=7-I










M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^46EN9V1A;R!

=&0N(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@






]


]


]


2PP


M

]


]
T1R93X-

M;7`^
CDS+#`P









]


M;7`^)`W+#4P,PP




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
M-C-F
V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P
#5?8F(U85\P-#(X-#@Y.#8T-CDO5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]






]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q
3QB

]

@


]







]


M;7`^
S




=&0N(%M-





]


]


]




]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]






\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B]E-C-F
V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P
#5?8F(U85\P-#(X-#@Y.#8T-CDO5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\


@6T%B


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PQ







T1T;W`^061V



]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L






]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38L
S(P


M
V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P


M(&-O;G1E;G0]

M04



@6TUE


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
P+#$R
2PP




]
T1T97AT

MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

3-?8V)C
%\T
#`U7V)B-6%?
#0R.#0X.3@V-#8Y
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4V
V8S8C$S7V-B8S!?
M-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T












^

S$L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3@S
M+#@S.2PP





]
T1N=6UP/C4Q+#(T


]






S`L
3(Q+#`P

#(L


]
M
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#8P

#`L

M($)U:6QD:6YG(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$










]









]




]


]



]





M


BPR-#`L







]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]

M;&%N=!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT+!C;W-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

]



]


S
L
S
X+#`P




]


]


]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#@P.2PP
M






#`P/'-P86X^

BPW.3(L
M









RPQ
M.#`L

M1&YU;7`^
BPY-3$L



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M.3`Y+#`P


M9VX]
T1T;W`^3W1H97)S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L









]
M

]



;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E-C-F
V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P
#5?8F(U85\P-#(X



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO


86YD(%5S92!2:6=H='
L($YE


SXQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

SDL









]



]

65A




M
V8S8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T





]

T1)1#!%



]
T1T
M:#Y-87(N(#



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3$L


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M
3



86YD(%5S92!2:6=H='
@3F5T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E-C-F,V(Q,U]C8F,P7S0P,#5?
M8F(U85\P-#(X-#@Y.#8T-CD-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO938S9C-B
3-?8V)C
%\T
#`U7V)B-6%?

M:&5E='
O4VAE970U-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M



SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]







]
T1T


M

BPY
#`L


]
M


M9VX]

S
Q+#`P


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^075S;65A
M9&]W(%1R861E;6%R:R!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S






BPP



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

V8S8C$S
M7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T







]

T1)1#!%0TI!0SX-




T1T;W`^4F5G


]





3
U+#`P


#`P



]




]

M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO938S9C-B
3-?8V)C
%\T
#`U7V)B-6%?
#0R

O4VAE970U.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


]
T1T97AT

]



30L
#`P



]
T1N=6UP/C




]




#`L


C4L
#`P+#`P


]

M9FEX960@87-S971S(&AE;&0@8GD@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]
T1R





T1T;W`^



]
T1N=6UP/C
S+#`P








]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#
P




M




]


]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#`P

]
T1R;SX-









3`N

3`N



]
T1N
M=6UP/C(X-BPP


S8L


]





]


#`L







M('1H92!D96)T(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(')A;F=E+!S=&%R=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@

]
T1R;SX-

]
M

]

:6YE($ET96US



3







V8S8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T
C@T.#DX-C0V.0T*



]

M:60]



@;W1H97)W:7-E

]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]


#$U/]T9#X-B`@


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3

V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P
#5?

T0G=&5X


^#0H@(`@(`\='(^




@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I


M


]
T1T97AT

]

2PS


M1&YU;7`^-BPR-3


]
M



\+W1D/@T*

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C8W








]

RPR
#D\





3-?8V)C
M
%\T
#`U7V)B-6%?

O4VAE970V
BYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M:6=A=&EO;G

SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]







]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`Q+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#4V+#`P


]










]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]



V(Q
U]C8F
P
M7S0P

M









]



]



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C8Q


T1T;W`^
C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


]


]
T1N=6UP/C8Q


T1T;W`^




T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;6EN:6UU;2!L



]
T1R;W4^

]











3-?8V)C
%\T
#`U
M7V)B-6%?
#0R.#0X.3@V-#8Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V4V
V8S8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T
C@T.#DX-C0V.2]7;W)K

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5
3$-)/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$


T0T/C

3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P
3

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q




S$L(#(P
3


#$R/&)R

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^3D542$52
M3$%.1%

C`P+#`P

M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3`\8G(^3D542$523$%.1%

M55(@
C`P+#`P


]
T1T:#Y397`N(#
P+`R,#$P/&)R/DY%5$A%4DQ!3D13/&)R/E!R;V9I
M=',@06)O=F4@1552(#(P,PP


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^
M3D542$523$%.1%

C`P+#`P

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q
M+`R,#$R/&)R/DY%5$A%4DQ!3D13/&)R/E!R;V9I=',@06)O=F4@1552(#(P
M,PP

M=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q

2P@
C`Q


M
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^0TA)3D$\8G(^268@26YV97-T;W(@2&]L9'
@070@3&5A


]
T1P
























]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




]
T1T97AT

]
M
T1N=6T^*#0R+#`P


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

M;7`^
3
L-C`P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$R.2PU
#`L

@


]
T1T97AT/C(P







]


P-BPP

]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#
R+#0P
M



]






















]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]





]


M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO938S9C-B
3-?8V)C
%\T
#`U7V)B-6%?
#0R.#0X

O4VAE970V-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]








]
T1T

]




]

=&0N(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S







T1T;W`^365I=&5K(%1E8VAN;VQO9WD@
M*%%I;F=D86\I($-O+BP@3'1D+B!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F5I:FEN9R!3:&5N9WEU
M86X@2'5I;&ED=6\@1F]O9!496-H;F]L;V=Y($-O+BP@3'1D+B!;365M8F5R



]
T1N=6UP/C(U+C`P

]



T1T;W`^1VQO8F%L($9O;V0@5')A9&EN9R`H4VAA


]



'0O:'1M



]


]
M

]
T1T:#Y-
M87(N(#


S$L(#(P



]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
S`L-3







]


]



T1T;W`^3D542$523$%.
M1%

]



'!E;G-E(AB96YE9FET*3PO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S<STS1&YU;7`^
BPS

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L.#`X/'-P86X^



]

]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YC;VUE(AL


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E-C-F
V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P
#5?

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS



M97
@*%)E8V]N8VEL:6%T:6]N($9R;VT@4W1A='5T;W)Y($EN8V]M92!487@@

M(A96YE9FET*2D@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A;F1S




]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L
S@R





#



M86YG92!I;B!V86QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D





]
M
T1N=6T^*#$L


]



]
T1N=6UP/C





]



]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6T^*#DL



T1T;W`^0TA)3D$\

]


]



]

]
T1N=6T^*#0R


T1T



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]E-C-F
V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P
#5?8F(U85\P-#(X-#@Y.#8T-CDO5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]





]
T1T
M:#Y-87(N(#


]
T1R;SX-


]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/C(W/'-P




]






M;7`^



]
T1P





]

#QS


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M

M;7`^

]

]
T1N





]
T1N=6T^*#0L.#DT*3QS
















]
T1N=6UP/C4V-CQS

]


T1T;W`^3W1H97)S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]

]
T1N=6T^*#(W+#(T
2D\



M;7`^)`Q.PY


V8S8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T
C@T.#DX-C0V.0T*



]

M:60]

@;W1H97)W:7-E

]
T1T:#Y-87(N
M(#


S$L(#(P



]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!B





]


RPQ-#4\






M938S9C-B
3-?8V)C
%\T
#`U7V)B-6%?
#0R.#0X.3@V-#8Y#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4V
V8S8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A
M7S`T




^+RH@


M

]


]


]

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L
M(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

]






]



RPX

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y+#0T











]
T1N=6UP




U

M





]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C
V+#4U
M

]
M






V8S8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T
C@T.#DX



]
T1R



^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q







]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PQ.3DL
#`P/'-P

]





#`P




M(#4P-BPP




3DY+#`P






]


I


]

T0S/C$R


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^

M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S,P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R

]
T1T:#Y397`N(#

S`L
M(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q



]




















]


T1T;W`^5V5I



]
T1N=6UP/C4W+#
P
2PP

#$L

S`Q+#`P



]
T1N=6UP/C4W+#
P
2PP


#$L
#`P


S`Q+#`P


]



]




2XQ












M;7`^-#`P+#`P


]





]
M



B!-;VYT:'


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P
3



S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^36EL:R!0;W=D97(L(%=H
M97D@4')O=&5I;BP@26UP;W)T960@1'5T8V@@0V]W($)R86YD(%!R;V1U8W0@


]
T1T:#Y-87(N
M(#


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#



M9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]N=')A8W1U86P@;V)L:6=A=&EO;B!D=64@:6X@=&AE(&YE

3(@;6]N=&AS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\




M(#8Q
2PP








]
M

]
M

]


#`L
M











#`P+#`P


M









]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N




C0L





]
M

]
M

]
M




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
RPR
#`L






]


]


3-?8V)C
%\T
#`U
M7V)B-6%?
#0R.#0X.3@V-#8Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V4V
V8S8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T
C@T.#DX-C0V.2]7;W)K

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5.1D%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$

M86)L92D@*$1E=&%I;'

S$L(#(P
3


@06YD
M($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97

T1T;W`^


]


]


#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]
T1P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3@L

V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P
#5?

T0G=&5X



M9VUE;G0@4F5P;W)T:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N($)Y($%C=&EV:71I97
@3V8@

M9'


]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

C`Q
M

M

C`Q


]
T1T
M:#Y-87(N(#


M(%M

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3
L-3@V/'-P86X^









]


]


]


]




]
T1N=6UP/C(X+#(W


]
T1N=6UP


]
T1N=6UP/C


]


]
T1N=6UP/CDT+#4U.3QS
























2PT
M






]


]


]


]


]










RPV



]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1V]V97)N;65N=!S=6)S:61I97
\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]


]




T1T;W`^26YC


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$T+#`P






]

BPS









S4L-#DX/'-P

M
3





]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT



]


]

\+W1D





3`P/'-P




30P
M+#DU


]

]


]


]


]


]


]



]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-










]
T1N=6UP/C$X-2PU


























]
T1N=6UP/C$T

]
T1R93X-

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q


]
T1N=6UP/C4L











]

M


]
T1N
M=6UP/C0Y





S8L


]

]
M

]
M


#

















\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^26YT97)S96=M









#
\







]
M

]

2PT











C`L


C`L




]


]


]


]


]


]



]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]



]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/CDL


3(L

]

BPX


BPQ
#$I/'-P
















]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L



M

]




]












]

]














]













]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N

M1&YU;7`^
2PR



]
M






]
T1N=6UP/C$P







]


]






M
S

M1&YU;7`^



T1T;W`^3&]N9R!

]
T1N=6UP/C(P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L


2PQ-3



M;65N=!%;&EM:6YA=&EO;B!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C












M;6%T:6]N(%M
















]
T1N=6T^


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E-C-F
V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P
M



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W





SXQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q
M

M

]
M

]
T1R;SX-





T1T;W`^54Y)5$5$(%-4051%4SPO




]
T1N











]





]

#$S



M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M-#(L

M1&9N/CQS=7`^6S%=/]S=7`^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\



M8V%L('EE87(@96YD960@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(N/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL

V8S8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A
M7S`T






]




^


S$L(#(P
3



]

M

]
T1T97AT

]

]
M





M




M87)T7V4V
V8S8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T
C@T.#DX-C0V.0T*0V]N





]

M



B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P
3

#$R/&)R/D-(24Y!/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q



\+W1D

]


]

]
M







]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
38R+C


2PP


]



3-?8V)C
%\T
#`U7V)B-6%?
#0R.#0X.3@V
M-#8Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4V
V8S8C$S7V-B
M8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C








]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S


]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L(#(P
M


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S
L
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@.#4L


\



]
T1N=6UP/B0@














]

]

]

M+#4R






]


]
T1N=6UP/C4W+#
P


]
T1N=6UP/C4W+#
P


]
T1N=6UP/C4W
M+#
P


]
T1N=6UP/C4W+#
P


]
T1N=6UP/C4W+#
P



T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W
@


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N,C,I/'-P86X^/]S


M




M


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E-C-F
V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P
#5?8F(U

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J




M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^



M5%

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

\

M/E!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C(U-RPQ-#







]
T1N=6UP/C$L-S0P/'-P

2PS




]
T1N



]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T










\


M;7`^


]


T1T;W`^3W1H97(@;&]N9RUT97)M(&QI86)I;&ET:65S




T1T;W`^
M5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97




]


]


T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K

M
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P


]


]
T1T


M

2PV



S(L





]



]

24%24Q)5$E%4R!!3D0@15%52519/]T9#X-B`@(`@


]



T1T;W`^4&%R96YT($-O

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]


]




]
M






]



]


M:61I87)I97


]

M;7`^


X


]


($%34T544SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]











]



T1T;W`^3W1H


2PV-S





\



]
M
T1N=6UP/C$P+#


]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]




]


]

S$\

M+#(Y

]
T1T

M/3-$=&]P/E1O=&%L(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L












#`P
2!P87(@=F%L=64Z(#(U

#$@:7-S=65D(&%N9!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A=!-


]



]
T1N=6UP/C$S-2PT







]


]


BPR

]


]




V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P
#5?

T0G=&5X




I


T0X
M/C
@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@

^

S$L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#


C`Q




]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S`L
M



\+W1D

]


]


]


]




M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T

























]
T1N=6UP/C@R
#QS

]









M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S-#




M9!L:7%U:61A=&EO;B!O9B!S=6)S:61I87)I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C



]

I(&%T





]















#$\

M-RPS















]





































]
T1N=6UP/CDP


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$Y



]


]


]


]


]





]


]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M
T1N=6T^*#8U+#@Y















M/3-$=&]P/E=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]U='-T86YD
M:6YG(T@8F%S:6,@86YD(&1I;'5T960\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C4W+#
P


]


]









M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$N









]

I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A

T0X/C
@36]N=&AS

M1#
^

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CQB

#$R

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q

C`Q



M9VX]


RPR









]




]
T1N=6UP/C0L


]





M;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$








M;G5M/B@S+#





C`L-S
T/'-P

S4L

]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M









M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V
RPX

M;7`^
38L-S



]
M

C



M;VX@861J=7-T;65N='


]
T1N=6UP
M/C0L

]

]

3-?
M8V)C
%\T
#`U7V)B-6%?
#0R.#0X.3@V-#8Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4V
V8S8C$S7V-B8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T
C@T.#DX


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$5*445+/@T*

M






]

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

S$L
M(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S
M

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN
M(#


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]





]
T1R;SX-

RPV



]
T1R93X-





]

#0I/'-P














I/'-P

M-3

M;3XH






























M9VX]


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'
@






M/B@Q+#DQ

]
















M1&YU;3XH
38L


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'
@


]


]


]


]


]





]
T1N=6T^*#

]
M




]


]


]


]


]


]


]











#4P/'-P86X^








M-SDL

M1&YU;7`^-SDL



















]

]
T1R;SX-




]


]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^17%U:71Y(&EN(&EN















]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#





]






















]





]


]


]


]


]



]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#4S-BD\




]


]


]


]


]



]











2PR.3`I

M

M;7`^



]
M



]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T
M;W`^4')O8V5E9'


M1&YU;7`^

]

3`L




]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(X+#(T

M/3-$;G5M/B@R





]


]


]


]


]


]

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#`P

















]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP


M;3XH



]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N

M;G5M/B@Q+#`P


]

]
M


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/C@X

]
T1N


]
T1N=6UP/C0R

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP










V8S8C$S7V-B
M8S!?-#`P-5]B8C5A7S`T







]






]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#



]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]






]





]






]


]


T1T;W`^06QL






M;F-E(&%T($)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!996%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

]
T1N=6UP
M/C(L


]
M

]
T1F



]


]

]

]


M



]


]


T1T;W`^






]



]

M96YS97

]
T1N=6UP/C0L
S(R



]








R




]
T1T

]


]



]

3
L-3@Y/'-P





@86YD

M




]




]

]



T0V/CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-



M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E-C-F
V(Q
U]C8F
P7S0P
#5?8F(U85\P



M9FEC92(^#0H@/&\Z36%I;D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1(N+B]7;W)K8F]O:RYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970P
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#0N:'1M

T0B4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,BYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
38N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
M-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C4N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#
R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970S-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970S.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#0T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970T.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#DN:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4S+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#4V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-RYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970V
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C$N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8U

M9CTS1)3:&5E=#8X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V

T0B4VAE970W-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E

M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970X,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#(N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromIndependentDistributors'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_CurrentLiabilitiesExceedCurrentAssetsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_AssetLiabilityRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossRealized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingHandlingAndTransportationCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromGrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnusedBorrowingCapacityAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwillAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwillWriteOff'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_LandUseRightsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndInvestmentsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CustomerAdvancesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenueNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_ReserveFundRequirementPercentageOfAfterTaxIncomeToBeSetAside'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_CommonStockAdditionalPaidInCapitalAndStatutoryReserveOfSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromTransactionsWithOtherOperatingSegmentsOfSameEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_GovernmentSubsidies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromTransactionsWithOtherOperatingSegmentsOfSameEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromTransactionsWithOtherOperatingSegmentsOfSameEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromTransactionsWithOtherOperatingSegmentsOfSameEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromTransactionsWithOtherOperatingSegmentsOfSameEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: SymbolMT
Times New Roman
Times
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: SymbolMT
Times New Roman
Times
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: SymbolMT
Times New Roman
Times
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_RestrictedCashPolicyTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasePolicyTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_ConstructionInProgressPolicyTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_GovernmentSubsidiesPolicyTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_NoncontrollingInterestPolicyTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-ItalicMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-ItalicMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-ItalicMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-ItalicMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT
Times New Roman
Times
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialDataAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsForCapitalLeasesTableTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_LandUseRightsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_ScheduleOfLandUseRightsTableTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesIncomeStatementAmortizationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesIncomeStatementInterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_CapitalLeasesOfLesseeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_CapitalLeasesOfLesseeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesTableTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT
Times New Roman
Times
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<td style=background-color: rgb(255
255
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<td style=background-color: rgb(255
255
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<td style=background-color: rgb(255
255
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<td style=background-color: rgb(255
255
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<td style=background-color: rgb(255
255
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica



255
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica



Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT
Times New Roman
Times
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidLandUseRight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDueToRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInCustomerAdvances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInRestrictedCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfInterestInSubsidiariesAndAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_PaymentToHoldersOfNoncontrollingInterestUponLliquidationOfSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionValueOfAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_AssetsDisposalByOtherReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_AssetsDisposalByOtherReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Supplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherInventoryInTransit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_ShortTermDebtFromBanksThatWereSecuredByPledgeOfInventoryPurchased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_ShortTermDebtFromBanksThatWereSecuredByPledgeOfCertainFixedAssetsHeldByCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_ShortTermDebtFromBanksThatWereSecuredByPledgeOfLandUseRightOfCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_ShortTermDebtFromBanksThatWereSecuredByPledgeOfCashDepositsOfCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_IndebtednessThatWasSecuredByPledgeOfCertainFixedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_IndebtednessThatWasSecuredByPledgeOfLandUseRight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_IndebtednessThatWasSecuredByPledgeOfCashDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermLoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateRangeStart1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateRangeEnd1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateRangeStart1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateRangeEnd1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock'
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_LandUseRightsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_LandUseRightsNetTextBlock'
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_DeferredTaxAssetsAcquisitionOfAssetsUnderFairValueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsProvisionForLoanLossesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsReturnsAndAllowancesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwardsOtherCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_DeferredTaxAssetsOtherCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_DeferredTaxAssetsAcquisitionOfAssetsUnderFairValueNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsProvisionForLoanLossesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_DeferredTaxAssetsOtherNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGrossNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldItalicMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldItalicMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldItalicMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldItalicMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<td style=background-color: rgb(213
234
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDueToRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfInterestInSubsidiariesAndAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDueToRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfInterestInSubsidiariesAndAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_CapitalInjectionAtSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
 <font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: Arial-BoldMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica

Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<font class=_mt style=font-family: ArialMT
Arial
Helvetica
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_AccruedRebateAndSlottingFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedAdvertisingCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedRentCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_AccruedInterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'

