

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-015941
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		131
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160613
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160613
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Synutra International
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001293593
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DAIRY PRODUCTS [2020]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33397
		FILM NUMBER:		161709869
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15200 SHADY GROVE ROAD #350
		CITY:			ROCKVILLE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20850
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3018403888
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15200 SHADY GROVE ROAD #350
		CITY:			ROCKVILLE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20850
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vorsatech Ventures
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040614









     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549





FORM
10-K








    
ANNUAL
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

    
For
    the fiscal year ended March&nbsp;31
 2016

    
    

    
TRANSITION
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION&nbsp;13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

    
For
    the transition period from _________________ to _______________________


Commission
file number: 001-33397




SYNUTRA
INTERNATIONAL
 INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)






    
    

(State
    or other jurisdiction of
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer
    


2275
Research Blvd.
 Suite 500
Rockville
Maryland 20850
(Address
of principal executive offices
 Zip Code)

Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code: (301) 840-3888


Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None





Title
                           of Each Class
    
Name
                           of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common
    Stock $0.0001 Par Value
    
NASDAQ
    Global Select Market





Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
No 
Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 
No 
Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 
No 
Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K 

is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.


    
    
    
    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
No 

and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the closing sales price of the registrant&rsquo;s
common stock on September 30
 2015 (the last business day of the registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter)
as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market
 was $98.3 million. For purposes of this disclosure
 shares of common stock held
by persons who hold more than 10% of the outstanding shares of common stock and shares held by officers and directors of the registrant
have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination is not necessarily conclusive for other
purposes.

 2016
 there were 56
690
687
shares of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock outstanding.




    
    






    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Item 5.&nbsp;&nbsp;Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholders Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Item 10.&nbsp;&nbsp;Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    

    
    

Item 13.&nbsp;&nbsp;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    


CONVENTIONS THAT APPLY TO THIS ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K


and for purposes of this Annual Report on Form 10-K only:


&ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our company
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; and &ldquo;Synutra&rdquo; refer to Synutra
International
 Inc.
 and its consolidated subsidiaries;


&ldquo;China&rdquo; or &ldquo;PRC&rdquo; refers to the People&rsquo;s Republic of China
 excluding Taiwan and the Special Administrative
Regions of Hong Kong and Macau;








all reference to &ldquo;Euro
&rdquo; &ldquo;EUR
&rdquo; or &ldquo;&euro;&rdquo; are to the legal currency of the European Union;
and


all references to &ldquo;U.S. dollars
&rdquo; &ldquo;USD
&rdquo; &ldquo;dollars
&rdquo; or &ldquo;$&rdquo; are to the legal
currency of the United States.


due to rounding.

Unless
otherwise noted
 all translations from Renminbi to U.S. dollars and all translations from EUR to U.S. dollars were made at the
mid rate published by the People&rsquo;s Bank of China
 or the mid rate
 as of March&nbsp;31
 2016
 which was RMB 6.4612 to $1.00
and EUR 0.8813 to $1.00
 respectively. We make no representation that the Renminbi and Euro amounts referred to in this Annual

2016
 the mid rate was RMB 6.5889 to $1.00 and EUR 0.8989 to $1.00.


    
    




This Annual Report on Form 10-K
 or this
Form 10-K
 contains &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995
 that are based on our current expectations
 assumptions
 estimates and projections about us and our industry. All statements
other than statements of historical fact in this Form 10-K are forward-looking statements. In some cases
 these forward-looking
statements can be identified by words or phrases such as &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;continue
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;is/are likely to
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;aim
&rdquo; &ldquo;potential
&rdquo; &ldquo;continue
&rdquo; or other similar
expressions. The forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-K relate to
 among others:





our future business development
 financial condition and results of operations;

























These forward-looking statements involve
various risks and uncertainties. Although we believe that our expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements are reasonable
our expectations may turn out to be incorrect. Our actual results could be materially different from our expectations. Important
risks and factors that could cause our actual results to be materially different from our expectations are generally set forth
in the &ldquo;Item 1. Business
&rdquo; &ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors
&rdquo; &ldquo;Item 7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
&rdquo; and other sections in this Form 10-K.

The forward-looking statements are made
as of the date of this Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances
after the date on which the statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.


    
    






We
are a leading infant formula company in China. We principally engage in the production
 distribution and sale of dairy based nutritional
products under the &ldquo;Shengyuan&rdquo; or &ldquo;Synutra&rdquo; line of brands in the PRC. We focus on selling powdered formula
products for infants and adults
 and also engage in other nutritional product offerings
 such as liquid milk and certain nutritional
supplements. We sell most of our products through an extensive nationwide sales and distribution network covering all provinces
and provincial-level municipalities in mainland China. As of March&nbsp;31
 2016

distributors and over 290 independent sub-distributors who sell our products in approximately 24
000 retail outlets.


 we operated
and reported its performance in four segments. However
 starting from fiscal year 2015
 we have operated the Powdered Formula and
Foods segments as a single business segment based on a shared distribution network and similar marketing strategies
 and therefore
combined these two segments. Therefore
 we began to report three segments since fiscal year 2015
 and the change in presentation
has been applied retrospectively to all periods presented. The three reportable segments are:


 mainly includes the sale of powdered infant and adult formula products
 with major brands including
Super
 My Angel and Dutch Cow
 liquid milk product under the brand of Dutch Cow introduced in fiscal year 2016
 and prepared foods
under the brand of Huiliduo;


 includes the production and sale of nutritional supplements such as chondroitin sulfate to third
parties
 and microencapsulated Docosahexanoic Acid
 or DHA
 and Arachidonic Acid
 or ARA
 to the nutritional food segment for use
in powdered formula production; and


 includes non-core businesses such as ancillary sales of excess or unusable ingredients and materials
to industrial customers
 provision of genetic diagnostic services for newborn babies
 and sales of cosmetics to pregnant women.




 Inc. is a Delaware
holding company that conducts its business through its operating subsidiaries in China. It owns all or a majority of the equity
interests in its operating subsidiaries
 directly or indirectly
 through Synutra
 Inc.
 or Synutra Illinois
 an intermediate holding
company
 and Synutra International Company Limited. Synutra Illinois was incorporated in Illinois in 2000 and has no significant
assets or other operations of its own. Our corporate structure reflects common practice for companies with operations in the PRC
where separate legal entities are often used for tax or administrative reasons.


 2005
 Synutra Illinois
completed a reverse acquisition transaction with Vorsatech Ventures
 Inc.
 or Vorsatech. Upon the consummation of this share exchange
transaction
 Vorsatech&rsquo;s total issued and outstanding common stock equaled 50
000
713 shares
 including 48
879
500 shares
issued pursuant to the reverse acquisition transaction and 1
121
213 shares owned by Vorsatech&rsquo;s existing stockholders. Thereafter
Synutra Illinois became Vorsatech&rsquo;s wholly owned subsidiary and Vorsatech


    
    



We subsequently changed the name of the reporting entity to Synutra International
 Inc.


 2007
 we entered into a
Common Stock Purchase Agreement with Warburg Pincus Private Equity IX
 L.P.
 pursuant to which we sold 4
000
000 shares of our
common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $66 million. The closing of the transaction took place on June&nbsp;15
 2007.


 2010
 we completed an offering
of 3
300
000 shares of common stock at a price to public of $19.00 per share. The net proceeds from this offering
 after deducting
underwriting discounts
 commissions and offering expenses
 totaled approximately $58.8 million.


our major operating subsidiaries:


Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 or Shengyuan Nutrition
 located in Qingdao
 Shandong
 China
 was established by Synutra
Illinois in September 2001 and is engaged in the dry-mixing
 packaging
 shipping and distribution of all of our powdered formula
products.


Synutra
                                         France International SAS
 or Synutra France
 located in Carhaix
 France
 was established
                                         in June&nbsp;7
 2012 to manufacture milk powder
 fat-enriched demineralized whey protein
                                         powder and powdered formula products. Construction for the Carhaix project is complete
                                         and the project is currently in the trial-operation stage.


Inner Mongolia Mengyuan Food Co.
 Ltd.
 or Mengyuan
 located in Fengzhen
 Inner Mongolia
 China
 commenced operations in July
2007. Mengyuan is engaged in processing whey protein into high oil whey protein powder
 an ingredient used in powdered formula
production.


Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd.
 or Inner Mongolia Huiliduo
 formerly known as Inner Mongolia Shengyuan Food Co.
 Ltd.
located in Zhenglanqi
 Inner Mongolia
 China
 was established in September 2006. Inner Mongolia Huiliduo began operations in August
2010 to produce prepared baby food
 using the Huiliduo brand.


Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.
 or Meitek
 located in Qingdao
 Shandong
 China
 was established in November 2006 to
produce certain nutritional supplements. Meitek began operations in October 2008.


Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd.
 or Huimin
 a variable interest entity which was incorporated on July&nbsp;10
2008
 provides genetic diagnostic services for newborn babies in cooperation with medical institutions
 together with its subsidiary.
The purpose of these activities is primarily marketing in nature to support our brand and product promotion. The operations and
assets and liabilities associated with these consolidated variable interest entities are insignificant.


Synutra International (HK) Company Limited
 or Synutra HK
 registered in Hong Kong
 was established in December 2008. The major
function of Synutra HK is foreign currency financing in Hong Kong.


Shanghai Precious Care Cosmetic Co.
 Ltd.
 or Precious Care
 located in Shanghai
 China
 was established in June 2014 to engage
in the sale of cosmetics to pregnant women.


    
    



Qingdao West Coast Jintao Cross-Border E-Commerce Co.
 Ltd.
 or Qingdao Jintao
 located in Qingdao China
 was established in
March 2015 to engage in cross-border e-commerce of infant related products.


structure as of March&nbsp;31
 2016. Unless specifically indicated otherwise
 our subsidiaries are organized in mainland China.

Organization chart of Synutra International
Inc.




of our control agreements and the affiliated entities consolidated into our group&rsquo;s consolidated financial results as a result
of the control agreements:











Business Operating Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutrition
 Huimin
 Jibin Zhang (our Director of Treasury)
and Yunpeng Jiang (our Director of Strategic Development);


    
    



Call Option Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutrition
 Huimin
 Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang;

Pledge Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutrition
 Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang; and

Entrustment Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutrition
 Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang.


agreements
 see &ldquo;Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.&rdquo;




Synutra
 or Shengyuan
 brand which has been associated with infant formula products in China for more than 10 years. In addition
to the Synutra
 or Shengyuan brand
 our products are marketed in China under brands that we have developed through our national
sales and marketing efforts.




several of China&rsquo;s leading infant and adult formula brands
 which mainly include Super
 My Angel and Dutch Cow. We have positioned
these brands as high quality brands
 providing unique
 clinically-supported health and developmental benefits. Our infant powdered
formula products include DHA and ARA
 which support brain and immune system development of infants. Our liquid milk product is
also under the Dutch Cow brand. Our prepared baby food product uses the Huiliduo brand.




the nutritional needs of the broader consumer population in China. The products of our Meitek brand use raw materials of type II
collagen
 which are believed to help relieve joint discomfort
 and glucosamine and chondroitin
 which clinical studies indicate
may help slow down the aging of joints.


(Zhen Yun) brand of skincare cosmetics for pregnant and postpartum women in June 2014. The products under our Precious Care brand
are manufactured by original equipment manufacturer (typically known as OEM) suppliers using skincare materials with no hormones
or other additives
 which are intended to minimize the irritation to pregnant and postpartum women.




 there are five stages of pediatric
development and we produce different products for each of these stages. The general stages of pediatric development are as below:



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



formula products for adults
 including special products for students
 women and older people
 to address their respective needs.


    
    




Our
products are grouped by category of production process and usage as well as internal resource allocation into three segments: (1)
Nutritional Food
 (2) Nutritional Supplement
 and (3) Other Business. Sales of nutritional food
 nutritional supplement
 and other

 8%
 and 2% of our net sales for the fiscal year 2016
 respectively.






for regular feeding and specialty formula products. The following illustrates our key infant formula brands and products:













milk substitute for healthy
 full-term infants without special nutritional needs
 both for use as the infant&rsquo;s sole source
of nutrition and as a supplement to breastfeeding. We endeavor to develop regular infant formula closer to breast milk.


&rdquo;
as it is formulated for the specific nutritional needs of an infant of a given age. Generally
 our regular infant formula has the
following four main components: (1) protein from cow&rsquo;s milk that is processed to have an amino acid profile similar to human
milk
 (2) a blend of vegetable fats (including DHA/ARA) to replace bovine milk fat in order to better resemble the composition
of human milk
 (3) a carbohydrate
 generally lactose from cow&rsquo;s milk and (4) a vitamin and mineral &ldquo;micronutrient&rdquo;
pre-mix that is blended into the product to meet the specific needs of the infant at a given age. Patterned after breast milk
which changes composition to meet the infant&rsquo;s changing nutritional needs
 we produce stages 1&nbsp;and 2 infant formulas
for babies from newborn to twelve months old.










Formulas addressing calcium
 iron or zinc deficiency





infants with special conditions who cannot consume regular infant formulas. We market these products under the Super brand name.


    
    



that are lactose intolerant. Lactose is substituted by maltodextrin in this formula
 and it is mainly for infants with diarrhea.


infants are designed to meet these infants&rsquo; unique needs. Typically
 such infants need extra assistance obtaining the requisite
nutrition. They require a higher density of nutrients and calories because they cannot take in enough volume of breast milk or
regular infant formula. We have formula for infants both when they are under intensive care in the hospital
 and after they are
discharged from the hospital.


iron or zinc deficiency for infants with special needs from stage 1 to stage 3.


 or formulas
for special medical purposes
 for nutritional management of infants who are born with rare digestive or metabolism disorders.




under the Synutra family of brands. Super
 My Angel
 Dutch Cow and Super brand formulas addressing calcium
 iron or zinc deficiency
are produced for stage 3 and 4. We design these products to meet the changing nutrition needs of children at different stages of
development. We offer products at stages 3 and 4 that are designed for children&rsquo;s nutritional needs at one to three years
of age and three to seven years of age
 respectively. These products are not breast milk substitutes and are not designed for use
as the sole source of nutrition but instead are designed to be a part of a child&rsquo;s appropriate diet. Our use of the Synutra
brand allows for a consistent image across our stages 3 and 4 products.


for children over 6 months. Our rice cereal products are produced using rice
 fruit
 vegetable
 meat
 vitamins and minerals. We
believe that rice cereal products are essential supplements to formula milk.




expectant and nursing mothers under Super brand. Our products for expectant or nursing mothers provide the developing fetus or
breastfed infant with vitamin supplements and/or an increased supply of DHA for brain development. These products also supplement
the mother&rsquo;s diet by providing either DHA or ARA with increased proteins
 as well as vitamins and minerals.


such as formula with multi-vitamin
 formula with high calcium
 formula for the elderly
 formula for women
 and formula for students
under the Dutch Cow brand. These products are developed to address specific types of consumer profiles and nutritional needs.


(Gourmet) series of Dutch Cow brand adult formula products which come in gift box sets that emphasize the health benefits (including
high fiber and low sugar) of the formula.




food for babies
 children and adults. Baby food products are designed to be part of a child&rsquo;s healthy diet with enhanced
nutritional value. Adult food products are designed mainly for patients with special nutritional needs after surgical operations.


    
    





the production and sale of nutritional supplement such as chondroitin sulfate
 collagen
 microencapsulated DHA and ARA. Chondroitin
sulfate and collagen is mainly for industrial sales and export
 with a small portion used in our self-developed nutritional products.
Microencapsulated DHA and ARA powders are produced mainly for internal use in powdered formula production process.




sales of surplus milk powder and whey protein to industrial customers
 provision of genetic diagnostic services for new born babies
and sales of cosmetics to pregnant women.






 we imported all of
the milk powder used for our powdered formula products from Fonterra Co-operative Group
 or Fonterra
 in New Zealand. We imported
all of the whey powder used for infant powdered formula products from Euros&eacute;rum S.A.S
 or Euros&eacute;rum
 in France.
We purchased other ingredients for our formula mostly from domestic suppliers. Following the expected commencement of operation
of our Carhaix facility in July 2016
 we will purchase raw milk from Sodiaal Union
 a French agricultural cooperative company
or Sodiaal
 in France
 and process the milk into milk powder at our Carhaix facility
 instead of purchasing milk powder
from Fonterra.

We
use whey protein powder and oil to produce high oil whey protein at our Fengzhen facilities
 or engage a third party to produce
high oil whey protein using whey protein and oil provided by us
 including from the Zhangjiakou facility
 which we disposed
of in 2014 based on prevailing market price

cases
 when whey protein powder is in short supply
 we use whey protein concentrates and lactose in production. Following the
expected commencement of operation of our Carhaix facility
 we will produce high oil whey protein powder at our Carhaix facility
with the majority directly from liquid whey protein
 instead of engaging any facility in China.


 milk powder is
mixed in large automated mechanical mixers with high oil whey protein powder and other additives in a method known as dry-mixing.
Our dry-mixing equipment can automatically adjust the level of ingredients to achieve the complex formulations required by our
premium products. The resulting milk powder is then checked to ensure proper granule size before packaging and distribution. Our
Carhaix facility will also use dry-mixing method in producing powdered formula products.


 Organic Super product
was contract-manufactured by Nutribio
 a French company
 and Dutch Cow infant formula product was contract-manufactured
by FrieslandCampina
 a Dutch company. These products are produced according to our specification and the quality standards of
both companies/countries.




which are all owned by us
 are located in various locations in China
 including Qingdao
 Fengzhen and Zhenglanqi. These facilities
encompass approximately


    
    



000 square meters of office
 plant
 and
warehouse space. Our distribution center located in Qingdao includes approximately 25
000 square meters of owned space. All of
our production facilities are built based on the GMP standard
 with equipment imported from Europe and all of our facilities that
have commenced operations have ISO9000 and HACCP series qualifications with some also being ISO14000 certified.


for our powdered formula production. As of March&nbsp;31
 2016
 we had high oil whey protein processing capacity of approximately
3
800 tons per year for the Fengzhen facility
 and had packaging capacity of approximately 75
000 tons per year and dry-mixing
processing capacity of approximately 78
000 tons per year for the Qingdao facility. We disposed the Zhangjiakou facility in June
2014. We purchase high oil whey powder from the Zhangjiakou facility based on prevailing market price to use in the production
of powered formula products.


and packaging plant. Various ingredients
 such as milk powder
 high oil whey protein powder and nutritional additives arrive at
our Qingdao facility from our production facilities and our suppliers
 and are mixed using the dry-mixing method. Qingdao facility
packages the mixed ingredients into retail-size tin canisters or stand up/display pouches or sealed packages in boxes. This packaging
facility also provides inventory control and logistics management
 product quality monitoring and product development assistance.


is located in Zhenglanqi
 Inner Mongolia. As of March&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Zhenglanqi facility had a processing capacity for prepared
foods of 9
000 tons per year.


supplements is located in Qingdao. As of March&nbsp;31
 2016
 this facility had a processing capacity of 500 tons per year for
chondroitin sulfate
 500 tons per year for collagen protein
 and 700 tons for microencapsulated DHA and ARA powders.


our French drying facility
 which is currently in the trial operation stage with formal operation expected to commence in
July 2016. It will have drying capacity of 90
000 tons per year
 and maximum dry-mixing and packaging capacity of 90
000 tons
per year. It will produce whole milk powder
 skim milk powder
 high oil whey protein powder
 infant and adult powdered formula
products. We plan to sell its outputs in the Chinese and EU market. For information on the installed capacity
 location
and function of our processing and packaging facilities
 see &ldquo;Item 2. Properties.&rdquo;




come in three types of retail packaging: tin canisters
 standup/display pouches
 or sealed packages in a box. All packaging labels
carry product information
 nutritional profile
 user instructions
 product tracing data and shelf life date
 product certification
status
 quality control and assurance remarks
 manufacturer contact information
 as well as customer service information that comply
with PRC labeling requirements. Selected products are also retail-packaged in single-use sizes. Before any product leaves our packaging
facility to distributors
 we engage in an extensive testing and inspection of the final product.






and adequate supply of high-quality raw materials. In the aftermath of the melamine contamination incident
 we decided to use 100%
imported milk powder for the


    
    



Currently
 all of the milk powder used in our production is from New Zealand. Milk powder constitutes approximately 20% to 40%
of the final powdered infant formula product by weight
 depending on the product stage. Beginning in June 2016
 we will purchase
raw milk from Sodiaal in France
 instead of milk powder from Fonterra.


used in the production of powdered infant formula products under our dry-mixing production method. High oil-wrapped whey powder
is produced from whey powder and blended vegetable oil. We use high oil whey powder as the active ingredient to help reconstitute
dairy-based formula to mimic the consistency of breast milk. Whey powder constitutes approximately 50% of the final powdered infant
formula product by weight
 and blended vegetable fats constitute approximately 10%
 depending on the product stage. Whey powder
is a byproduct of cheese-making processes
 and is difficult and costly to produce as a stand-alone product. Since China is not
a large consumer or producer of cheese and cheese products
 Chinese infant formula manufacturers typically obtain whey powder
in volume from overseas sources. We purchased blended vegetable fats within China. We blend the melted whey protein powder and
vegetable oil and spray dry the blend into high oil whey protein powder at our Mengyuan facility or third party facilities such
as the sold Zhangjiakou facility. Following the commencement of operation of our Carhaix facility
 we expect to blend liquid
whey protein and vegetable oil and spray dry the blend into high oil whey protein powder
 saving energy and other costs by avoiding
spray drying whey protein twice.


 prices of milk
powder can fluctuate over relatively short periods of time depending on market conditions. Our sourcing team monitors price movements
and makes major purchases at times when prices are attractive
 subject to projected customer order flow and other factors.


 including our
powdered infant formulas
 also include additives such as DHA and ARA fatty acids and other nutritional additives
 which constitute
approximately 5% of the final powdered infant formula product by weight. DHA and ARA fatty acids are long-chain poly-unsaturated
fatty acids found in breast milk that are believed to aid in the development of an infant&rsquo;s brain
 eyes and nervous system.
Studies have suggested that DHA and ARA fortification can replicate some of the nutritional benefits of breast milk in infant formulas.
Currently we purchase DHA oil and ARA oil from third parties
 and produce microencapsulated DHA and ARA powders at our Meitek facility
for internal use.


suppliers for the production of chondroitin sulfate
 a substance that provides nutrients for joints
 tendon
 ligaments and bones
in our Meitek facility.




 we purchase milk powder from
Fonterra in New Zealand and we purchase whey powder from Euros&eacute;rum. The milk powder purchase prices are determined
through Fonterra&rsquo;s online auction process and we do not sign long term contracts with it. The whey powder purchase prices
are determined through Euros&eacute;rum&rsquo;s quotation process.


of the French Project and under the long term contracts with our suppliers
 we will purchase raw milk from Sodiaal in France
to produce the milk powder we need
 and whey from Euros&eacute;rum to produce the whey powder we need. We also signed long
term contracts with other third party suppliers to purchase whey powder and liquid ultra-high temperature
 or UHT
milk. For details
 see &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations &mdash;
Liquidity and Capital Resources.&rdquo;


    
    


Sales
and Distribution




and in limited circumstances directly to retailers such as supermarkets. With the introduction of My Angel series infant powdered
formula products in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011
 we began to sell directly to baby stores. Our sales and marketing approach
combines advertising
 brand-building and store-level promotions. Our customer relations management team
 or CRM
 uses our customer
relations management database in order to acquire
 process
 and manage targeted customer information.

We
have built a sales network that covers all the provinces and provincial-level municipalities in China. Our sales group is divided
into multiple sub-sales regions. Each sub-sales region covers between eight to 20 urban sales areas which act as independent operating
units
 while each urban sales area covers three to twenty county sales areas. As of March&nbsp;31
 2016
 we had a sales and marketing
force of approximately 1

 complemented by approximately 6
100 full time or part time commissioned field nutrition
consultants or retail site promoters employed by our distributors and sub-distributors to promote and sell our products.


retail outlet to manage the sales process and to collect customer and purchasing related data. We use multiple criteria to select
our distributors
 including reviewing each potential distributor&rsquo;s financial condition. City managers are rotated periodically
among various cities. We have set up a sales budget management team to manage our sales expenses and to supervise the execution
of our budgeting plan. This team reports directly to the director of marketing and sales.


a combination of fixed salaries and bonuses based on sales volume. Our targeted sales incentive programs compensate our sales personnel
on a product-specific level
 thereby enabling us to incentivize our sales personnel to focus their sales and promotion efforts
on certain product lines
 such as our premium product lines or larger product packages.



We

 who in turn work with over 290 independent sub-distributors
and approximately 24
000 retail outlets. Our dry-mixing and packaging subsidiary
 Shengyuan Nutrition
 also serves as our national
distribution center for our distributors in China. Through the personal digital assistant devices and cell phone applications we
installed for each distributor
 we can monitor their inventory level closely. We accept purchase orders each month from the distributors.
Our sales personnel also regularly inspect and perform stocktaking on distributors&rsquo; inventories to identify and control any
potential inventory buildup. We employ trucking companies locally and nationally to distribute retail packaged products to various
regional and provincial distributors.


rights in their respective regions and cities to distribute our products
 and are also responsible for developing the sub-distributors
in their own region and cities. We typically enter into a contract with each of our distributors that establishes the range of
sales obligations and their respective discount level on top of our standard manufacturer&rsquo;s prices. However
 our obligation
to sell and the distributor&rsquo;s obligation to purchase arise only at the time a purchase order is accepted. We seek to carefully
manage our distributors through an evaluation system that monitors and


    
    



criteria such as monthly sales and investment in promotional activities. We seek to incentivize well-performing distributors by
providing more discounts
 larger sales territory and other incentives. While we do not directly manage our sub-distributors
 we
track sub-distributor performance through coordinated efforts between our own sales personnel in the field and the distributors.
We do not accept product returns except in the event of package damage during delivery and for certain supermarket retailers.


products across China. Our logistics center in our Qingdao facilities occupies an area of 25
000 square meters. This logistics
center can currently dispatch 6
900 tons of our products for shipment to our distributors per month. Our Qingdao facility also
has the capability to respond to urgent requests for product shipments within an average of five days.


companies that transport our goods directly from our Qingdao facilities to distributors in a timely and efficient manner.


system
 or ERP system
 which is a financial information system with an inventory module that manages and records inventory transactions.


sales channel
 we have set up an inventory tracking system to track our products from the factory to the retail outlets in an effort
to prevent distributors from selling out of their designated area.




Summer time is typically a slow time for the infant formula market because Chinese parents tend to choose the summer time to switch
from milk feeding to more concrete food for their babies. As a result
 we generally experience weaker sales in our first and second
fiscal quarters.

Marketing
 Advertising and Promotion



We
advertise through various media
 including television
 print media and the Internet
 with recent focus on e-commerce providers

$8.7&nbsp;million and $6.1&nbsp;million for the fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.




service call center providing live assistance and a toll-free line to provide consumers with prenatal
 nursing
 baby care education
product information
 and address complaints and dispute resolution.


 posters and other printed
promotional materials to retail outlets and sales consultants employed by our distributors at each point of sale. We also pay entry
fees to various retail outlets to place our products within such outlets. We collect customer information through surveys voluntarily
provided by each customer via the point of sale or via mailed forms provided to our customers in each product


    
    



with supermarket chains and entertainment companies in order to reach our target market.




We have established quality control and food safety management systems for purchasing
 acceptance checks
 processing
 packaging
storage and transportation. All of our processing facilities are equipped with in-house laboratories for quality assurance and
quality control purposes. Our quality test laboratory in Qingdao has been qualified as a National Standard Laboratory by the China
National Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment.


of our ingredients and products
 we have also installed testing equipment and have implemented control procedures at each stage
of production
 including at the initial raw material purchase stage. There are over 1
100 quality control points throughout the
entire production process. We employ strict internal procedures and monitoring by highly trained employees during production
 transportation
and storage. Additionally
 we have been increasing our investment in quality control equipment and training. All policies relating
to quality control are subject to PRC laws and regulations.


sector
 our manufacturing facilities in Qingdao underwent stringent process
 plant
 and quality audits by all our key customers
and by standard organizations including the United States Pharmacopeia
 or USP
 and received the USP-verified certification. We
have led the global industry in developing effective testing methodologies to help ensure the integrity of the supply chain and
to detect and deter adulteration of chondroitin sulfate materials. In addition to our quality assurance laboratories in Qingdao
we also established a wet lab in Rockville
 MD dedicated to dietary ingredients material screening and research on supplement products
in the U.S. market.


are summarized below
 organized by the main stages of production:

Imported Milk Powder
 Whey Powder
and Liquid Milk:


Our procurement staff inspect the Certificate of Analysis to ensure the products are manufactured and tested according to production
countries&rsquo; national standard;


Entry-Exit Inspection and Quarantine of the PRC performs quality test to ensure the products are up to national standard and
issue a Sanitary Certificate; and







Compliance with production process control procedure
 HACCP Plan implemented at all plants;





Detailed process designed for all parts of the production process including pretreatment
 dry-mixing
 powder receiving
 and
packaging;


    
    



Hygiene standards maintained for staff
 equipment
 environment and any other object; and




Packaging
 Storage and Transport:
















focus on new product formulation
 new ingredient development
 creation of new methods to incorporate certain nutrients in our products
and improvement in product tastes and ingredient shelf stabilities. We engage in regular product refinement and new product development
for our dairy-based formula products
 as well as other forms of foods and nutritional ingredients.


facilities to engage in the effort of bringing our infant formula products closer to the quality of breast milk and to promote
our brand image. We also engage third-party research institutions to research and develop such trial products for us.


resources in order to extend our new product pipeline. We believe we can accomplish this goal with new formulations and product
concepts in dairy-based formula products as well as other nutritional food products and supplements.

During
each of the fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014

 1.4% and 1.1% of net sales per year on research
and development
 respectively.




highly competitive. We generally compete with both multinational and domestic infant formula producers. Competitive factors include
brand recognition
 distribution network
 quality
 advertising
 formulation
 packaging and price. Many of our competitors have significant
market shares in the markets we compete in. Our principal competitors can be classified generally into the following two groups:




Abbot Laboratories&rsquo; Ross Products Division
 a U.S. producer and distributor of infant formulas marketed under the brand
names of Similac and Enfalac family of formulas;


    
    



Mead Johnson Nutrition Co.
 or Mead Johnson
 formerly a Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Division
 a U.S. producer and distributor
of the Enfamil family of formulas;


Groupe Danone SA
 or Danone
 a French producer and distributor of infant formula products in China under the Karicare/Nutrilon/Aptamil
brands;


Nestl&eacute; Suisse SA
 or Nestl&eacute;
 a Swiss producer and distributor of starter and follow-up formulas
 milk
 cereals
oral supplements and performance foods marketed under Nestl&eacute; brands such as Carnation
 and under Wyeth brands which was
acquired from Pfizer in 2012;




Biostime International Holdings Limited
 or Biostime
 a PRC producer of infant formula products and baby care products under
their Biostime and BMcare brand;


Inner Mongolia Yili Industrial Group Co.
 Ltd.
 or Yili
 a PRC producer and distributor of liquid and powdered milk under their
Yili brand;


Beingmate Group Company Limited
 or Beingmate
 a PRC producer and distributor of infant formula products under their Beingmate
brand;


Guangdong Yashili Group Co.
 Ltd.
 or Yashili
 a PRC consumer brand marketer which sells a line of infant formula products
under their Yashili brand; and


Feihe International
 Inc.
 a PRC producer and distributor of milk formula products under their Feihe brand.


National Commercial Information Center
 an entity affiliated with the PRC General Chamber of Commerce responsible for collecting
retail sales data
 the top ten brands accounted for 87% of total infant formulas sold in China in fiscal year 2016.




developed in-house and are proprietary. We have not registered or applied for protections in China for most of our intellectual
property or proprietary technologies relating to the formulations of our powdered infant formula. See &ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors&mdash;Risks
Related to Our Business&mdash;Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property rights may undermine our competitive position
and litigation to protect our intellectual property rights may be costly.&rdquo; Although we believe that
 as of today
 patents
and copyrights have not been essential to maintaining our competitive market position
 we intend to assess in the future whether
to seek patent and copyright protections for those aspects of our business that provide significant competitive advantages.

As
of March&nbsp;31
 2016

 and seven registered trademarks in other regions and
countries. Additionally
 we had 158 trademark applications pending approval in China
 and five trademark applications pending approval
in Korea.


agreements to protect our proprietary information and know-how. Our management and each of our research and development personnel
have


    
    



each of which includes a confidentiality clause and a clause acknowledging that all inventions
 designs
 trade secrets
 works of
authorship
 developments and other processes generated by them on our behalf are our property
 and assigning to us any ownership
rights that they may claim in those works. Despite our precautions
 it may be possible for third parties to obtain and use
 without
our consent
 intellectual property that we own or are licensed to use. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties
and the expenses incurred in protecting our intellectual property rights
 may adversely affect our business. See &ldquo;Item 1A.
Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property rights may
undermine our competitive position
 and litigation to protect our intellectual property rights may be costly




to various pollution control regulations in China with respect to noise
 water and air pollution and the disposal of waste and
hazardous materials. We are also subject to periodic inspections by local environmental protection authorities in China. We are
not currently subject to any pending actions alleging any violations of applicable PRC environmental laws.



As
of March&nbsp;31
 2016
 we employed approximately 2

 with approximately 120 head
office management staff and research and development employees
 approximately 1
000 production employees
 and approximately 1
580
sales and marketing employees. Our employees are not represented by a labor organization or covered by a collective bargaining
agreement. We have not experienced any work stoppages.


and a performance bonus. As required by PRC regulations
 we participate in various employee benefit plans that are organized by
municipal and provincial governments
 including pension
 work-related injury benefits
 maternity insurance
 medical and unemployment
benefit plans. We are required under PRC law to make contributions to the employee benefit plans at specified percentages of the
salaries
 bonuses and certain allowances of our employees
 up to a maximum amount specified by the local government from time to
time. The pension amount is determined by a number of factors
 including the member&rsquo;s salary amount at retirement date
 contribution
period
 social average salary level and price index.




 of which nutritional
and infant formula products form a part
 and medical institutions
 are subject to extensive regulations in China. This section
summarizes the most significant PRC regulations governing our business in China.




 and
particularly dairy-based infant formula products
 in China
 we are subject to a number of PRC laws and regulations governing the
manufacturing (including composition of ingredients)
 labeling
 packaging
 safety and hygiene of food products:





    
    




































the Whole Milk Powder
 Skimmed Milk Powder
 Sweetened Whole Milk Powder and Flavored Milk Powder Standards;





Rules for the Examination of Licensing Criteria for Enterprises Producing Formula Milk Powder of Infant Use (2013 version);
and





and hygiene standards and requirements for various aspects of food production
 such as the use of additives
 production
 packaging
handling
 labeling and storage
 as well as facilities and equipment. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result
in confiscation of our products and proceeds from the sales of non-compliant products
 destruction of our products and inventory
fines
 suspension of production and operation
 product recalls
 revocation of licenses
 and
 in extreme cases
 criminal liability.


 2008
 the State General
Administration of Quality Supervision
 Inspection and Quarantine
 or the AQSIQ
 issued a national standard on the detection of
melamine in raw milk and dairy based products. On October&nbsp;9
 2008
 the State Council promulgated with immediate effect a Regulation&nbsp;for
the Quality and Safety Supervision of Dairy Based Products
 which
 among other things
 imposes more stringent requirements for
inspection
 production
 packaging
 labeling and product recall on dairy product


    
    



a &ldquo;Black-List&rdquo; system to ensure that illegal business operators in the dairy production chain are timely disclosed
and severely punished.


 2010
 the Ministry of
Health
 now known as the National Health and Family Planning Commission
 or the NHFPC
 issued 66 food safety national standards
including the national standard for infant powdered formula
 which impose strict requirement for production of infant powdered
formula.


 2010
 the AQSIQ issued
Rules for the Examination of Licensing Criteria for Enterprise Producing Formula Milk Powder of Infant Use (2010 version) and Rules
for the Examination of Licensing Criteria for Enterprise Producing Milk Products (2010 version) to tighten the supervision of milk
product quality and safety. Under the new rules
 milk producers are required to pass higher safety and quality tests in order to
have their licenses re-issued.


 the Chinese State Food
and Drug Administration
 or the CFDA
 updated the national guidance for the renewal and re-affirmation of production licenses for
manufacturing infant-formula milk powder products in China. For any infant-formula milk powder manufacturer whose license is expiring
in 2014
 the renewal process needs to be completed by March&nbsp;31
 2014. For any infant-formula milk powder manufacturer whose
license expires in a later year
 the re-affirmation needs to be completed by May&nbsp;31
 2014. This regulation sets forth new
rules and raises the bar on infant formula producers in nine areas
 including product safety control
 purchase of raw materials
formula product inspection
 manufacturing process and product traceability. In particular
 the requirement on a 100
000 grade clean
space to meet the medical grade good manufacturing practices is widely considered as the most challenging requirement. Our Qingdao
facility obtained the renewed production licensed in April 2014
 which is valid through April 2017.




related to environmental protection. The major environmental regulations applicable to us include:























protection authorities. Our operating subsidiaries have received certifications from the relevant PRC government agencies in charge
of environmental protection indicating that their business operations are in compliance with the relevant PRC environmental laws
and regulations.


    
    





 the PRC National Development
and Reform Commission
 or the NDRC
 and the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology
 or the MIIT
 jointly promulgated and
issued Dairy Industry Policies (2009 version)
 or the Policies. The Policies set forth the conditions an entity must satisfy in
order to engage
 or continue to engage
 in the dairy products processing business
 including technique and equipment
 product quality
energy and water consumption
 sanitation and environmental protection
 as well as production safety. Any new or continuing dairy
products processing projects or enterprises will be required to meet all the conditions and requirements set forth in the Policies.


relating to the location
 processing capacity and raw milk source for any new or continuing dairy products processing project or
enterprise. Any new or continuing dairy products processing projects or enterprises that fail to meet the requirements will not
be able to procure land
 license
 permits
 loan facility and electricity necessary for the processing of dairy products. We believe
that all of our existing entities and facilities for powdered formula production meet the requirements under the Access Conditions.
Changes in the regulatory environment
for dairy and infant nutrition products in China could negatively impact our business.&rdquo;




 1994
 the State Council
promulgated the Regulations of Administration on Medical Institutions which established the regulations for establishing
 managing
and supervision of medical institutions. In particular
 the regulations required a medical institution to be approved by and register
with the applicable administrative department of public health prior to establishment. On December&nbsp;14
 2009
 the NHFPC promulgated
the Standards of Medical Inspection Laboratory which set forth the standards for establishing and managing medical inspection laboratories.
On January&nbsp;15
 2014
 we obtained the business license of Beijing Syclin Clinical Laboratory Co.
 Ltd.
 or Beijing Syclin
which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huimin
 and commenced operation.

Financial Information about Segments and Geographic
Areas


 which
are nutritional food
 nutritional supplement and other business. Other business includes non-core operations such as ancillary
sales of excess or unusable ingredients and materials to industrial customers. See Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for further discussion about segments and geographic areas.



.
We make available at this address
 free of charge
 our Annual Reports on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports
on Form 8-K
 and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed
with or furnished to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
 or the SEC. Information available on our website is
not incorporated by reference in and is not deemed a part of this Form 10-K. The public may read and copy any materials we file
with the SEC at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room at 100 F. Street
 N.E.
 Washington
 DC
 20549. The public may obtain information
on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains
reports
 proxy and


    
    



 and other information
regarding issues that file electronically with the SEC at 



Because of the following factors
 as
well as other factors affecting our financial condition and operating results
 past financial performance should not be considered
to be a reliable indicator of future performance
 and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results or trends
in future periods.

You should carefully consider the following
risks and other information in this Form 10-K before making an investment decision with respect to our common stock. The following
risks and uncertainties could materially and adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition. The
risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks that we are not presently aware of or that we currently believe
are immaterial may also impair our business operations.



We may face liquidity challenges to meet our
debt obligations and may require additional funding in the future.

Our
operations rely heavily on debt
 and as of March&nbsp;31
 2016

 long-term debt
due within one year of $95.5&nbsp;million and long term debt of $315.5 million. In addition
 in connection with the construction
of the drying facility in Carhaix
 France
 we will need additional funding but may not be able to secure financing on satisfactory
terms
 which could decrease our working capital. See &ldquo;Liquidity and Capital Resources.&rdquo; Our ability to meet our debt
obligations will depend on our future performance
 which will be affected by financial
 business
 domestic and foreign economic
conditions and other factors
 many of which are beyond our control. As a result
 we cannot assure you that our operation will generate
sufficient cash flows to meet our liquidity needs
 and we therefore may have negative cash flows in the future. If our cash flow
is not sufficient to service our debt
 we may be required to obtain additional financing in the future
 and such additional financing
may not be available at times
 in amounts or on terms acceptable to us or at all. We may not be able to repay such borrowings in
full or at all when due and
 if we were to default on the repayment of these borrowings
 we may not be able to continue our operations
as a going concern.

We are highly dependent upon consumers&rsquo;
perception of the safety and quality of our products. Any ill effects
 product liability claims
 recalls
 adverse publicity or
negative public perception regarding particular ingredients or products or our industry in general could harm our reputation
 damage
our brand and adversely affect our results of operations.


which involves risks such as product contamination
 spoilage and tampering. We may be subject to liability if the consumption of
any of our products causes injury
 illness or death. Adverse publicity or negative public perception regarding particular ingredients
our products
 our actions relating to our products
 or our industry in general could result in a substantial drop in demand for
our products. This negative public perception may include publicity regarding the safety or quality of particular ingredients or
products in general
 of other companies or of our products or ingredients specifically. Negative public perception may also arise
from regulatory investigations or product liability claims
 regardless of whether those investigations involve us or whether any
product liability claim is successful against us.


    
    



 2008
 the AQSIQ announced
its finding that the formula products of 22 Chinese formula producers
 including certain lots of our U-Smart products
 were contaminated
by melamine
 a substance not approved for use in food and linked to the illness and deaths of infants and children in China. There
were six reported deaths and approximately 300
000 children suffered kidney-related illnesses due to the contaminated infant formula
of one of our competitors. This contamination incident resulted in significant negative publicity for the entire domestic dairy
and formula industries in China and demand for domestically-produced dairy and formula products
 including our products
 declined
significantly since September 2008 until late 2009. We recalled our affected U-Smart products as well as all other products produced
at the same facilities in the Hebei and Inner Mongolia regions of China
 where we believe the contaminated milk supplies originated.
We also suspended production at our facilities in Qingdao
 Hebei and Inner Mongolia for two weeks pending government and internal
investigations. The total cost of this action was $100.6&nbsp;million which was recognized as a charge to cost of sales
 selling
and distribution expenses and general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statement of income mostly in fiscal year
2009.


of kidney-related or other illnesses caused by our products
 we cannot assure you that such cases will not surface in the future.
The Chinese government has provided medical screening
 treatment
 and care for consumers affected by melamine contamination in
infant formula products. We contributed a net amount of $2.3&nbsp;million to a compensation fund set up by China Dairy Industry
Association in fiscal 2009 to settle existing and potential claims arising in China from families of infants affected by melamine
contamination. We cannot assure you that the Chinese government will not seek further reimbursement from dairy and formula product
manufacturers
 including us.


negatively impacted our brand and reputation in China. It also affected investor confidence in us as reflected by the significant
decrease in our stock price after September&nbsp;16
 2008. We cannot predict whether there will be similar future incidents and
what impact such incidents may have on our operations and reputation.


 several media reports alleging
our infant formula products caused symptoms of hormone-triggered sexual prematurity in infants in the Hubei province of China.
One of the media later issued an apology video clip on its official website acknowledging their allegation as without proof. Despite
the apology
 our business was significantly and negatively impacted since then as a result of these media reports
 and our sales
volume decreased significantly. We increased the spending on advertising after the prematurity event to repair our reputation and
regain market share. As a result
 we had a significant net loss for the fiscal year 2011.


 there have also been occurrences
of counterfeiting and imitation of products in China that have been widely publicized. We cannot guarantee that contamination or
counterfeiting or imitation of our or similar products will not occur in the future or that we will be able to detect it and deal
with it effectively. Any occurrence of contamination or counterfeiting or imitation could negatively impact our corporate and brand
image or consumers&rsquo; perception of our products or similar nutritional products generally
 particularly if the counterfeit
or imitation products cause injury or death to consumers. For example
 in April 2004
 sales of counterfeit and substandard infant
formula in Anhui
 China caused the deaths of 13 infants as well as harming many others. Although this incident did not involve
the counterfeiting of our products
 it caused significant negative publicity for the entire infant formula industry in China. The
mere publication of information asserting that infant formula ingredients or products may be harmful could have a material adverse
effect on us
 regardless of whether these reports are scientifically supported or concern our products or the raw materials used
in our products.


    
    



incident
 the prematurity event and any other adverse news related to formula products in China will also result in increased regulatory
scrutiny of our industry
 which may result in increased costs and reduce our margins and profitability. The government has enhanced
its regulations on the industry aimed to ensure the safety and quality of dairy products
 including but not limited to compulsory
batch by batch inspection. This is likely to increase our operating costs and capital expenditure.

If we fail to obtain raw materials in the
quantity and the quality we need
 and at commercially acceptable prices
 our results of operations
 financial condition and business
prospects would be materially and adversely affected.

Our
business requires certain key raw materials
 such as milk powder and whey powder. We may experience a shortage in the supply of
certain raw materials in the future
 which could materially and adversely affect our production and results of operations. We
will purchase raw milk from Sodiaal
 France
 instead of milk powder from Fonterra
 New Zealand

in Carhaix
 France becomes operational after June 2016. We have also committed to purchasing UHT milk from two suppliers
in France
 one of which is an affiliate of Sodiaal
 from calendar year 2017 and beyond over a period of 10 years. See &ldquo;Liquidity
and Capital Resources&rdquo; for further details. Other than these arrangements
 we currently do not have guaranteed supply
contracts with any other raw material suppliers
 and some of our suppliers may
 without notice or penalty
 terminate their relationship
with us at any time. We also rely on a small number of suppliers for some of our raw materials
 such as whey powder and milk powder.
If any supplier
 including Sodiaal
 is unwilling or unable to provide us with high quality raw materials in required quantities
and at acceptable prices
 we may be unable to find alternative sources or at commercially acceptable prices
 on satisfactory terms
in a timely manner
 or at all. Our inability to find or develop alternative sources could result in delays or reductions in production
product shipments or a reduction in our profit margins. Moreover
 these suppliers may delay material shipments or supply us with
inferior quality raw materials that may adversely impact the timely delivery or the quality of our products. If any of these events
were to occur
 our product quality
 competitive position
 reputation and business could suffer.


 most of the raw materials used
in our business are imported
 such as whey powder and milk powder. Our imported raw materials are subject to various PRC governmental
permit requirements
 approval procedures and import duties
 and may also
 from time to time
 be subject to export controls and
other legal restrictions imposed by foreign countries. Should the PRC government refuse to issue the necessary permits or approvals
to us or our suppliers
 or take any administrative actions to limit imports of certain raw materials
 or if we or our suppliers
fail to pay any required import duties
 or if governmental agencies or laws of foreign countries prevent the timely export of certain
raw materials we require to China
 our ability to produce and sell our products in China could be materially and adversely affected.
In addition
 import duties increase the cost of our products and may make them less competitive.


 certain suppliers of raw materials
within our supply chain may contaminate our raw material supplies or provide us with substandard raw material supplies that adversely
impact the quality of our products exposing our customers to health risks and damaging our reputation
 brand and financial condition.
For a more detailed description of this risk
 and in particular the impact of the melamine contamination incident in China
 see
&ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors&mdash;We are highly dependent upon consumers&rsquo; perception of the safety and quality of our products.
Any ill effects
 product liability claims
 recalls
 adverse publicity or negative public perception regarding particular ingredients
or products or our industry in general could harm our reputation
 damage our brand and adversely affect our results of operations.&rdquo;


    
    


Any interruption in our supply of milk or
whey protein powder could materially and adversely affect our results of operations
 financial condition and business prospects.


used in the powdered formula production from New Zealand
 and all of the whey protein powder used in the powdered formula production
from France. Beginning from the end of June 2016
 we will purchase raw milk from Sodiaal in France
 and will import
all of the milk powder and whey protein powder used in the powdered formula production
 as well as finished powder formula products
from France. We have also started to import UHT milk products from the European Union in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016.
The continuity of the various powder products or raw milk supplies is of critical importance to our business. The importation
of the various powder or milk products is influenced by numerous factors beyond our control
 including
 among other: (1) export
control policy in the originating countries
 (2) China&rsquo;s government policy and regulation on importation as well as China&rsquo;s
custom inspection standards and (3) acts of God such as natural disasters. Any interruption in our powder products or raw milk
supplies could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
 financial condition and business prospects. In addition
as we expect to source all of our raw milk and whey protein from one supplier
 Sodiaal
 if Sodiaal fails to deliver the raw milk
and whey protein we need on the terms we have agreed
 we may not be able to find an alternative source at a comparable price or
on other favorable terms
 and any delays in securing an alternative source could result in production delays and late shipments
of our products to distributors and end customers.


We may be subject to contractual penalty or experience
inventory buildup with respect to our long-term minimum purchase commitments for certain raw materials

long-term cooperation agreements with suppliers in France
 including Sodiaal and Euroserum
 pursuant to which we have committed
to purchase specified minimum quantity of raw materials
 such as raw milk and whey powder
 from such suppliers. For details of
our contractual obligations
 see &ldquo;Item 7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations&mdash;Liquidity and Capital Resources&mdash;Tabular Disclosure of Contractual Obligations.&rdquo; We may be subject
to contractual penalty if we fail to purchase the committed amounts from the suppliers. For example
 we are contracted to purchase
from Sodiaal 288 million liters of raw milk per year for 10 years beginning from January 1
 2016. As the drying facility in Carhaix
France was under construction from January to June 2016 and unable to process the raw milk to be purchased from Sodiaal
 we will
only be able to make the committed purchases from Sodiaal from the end of June 2016. As a result
 we were liable to Sodiaal for
compensation totaling $8.8 million for loss of profit. We cannot assure you that we will always be able to make the committed
purchases
 failing which we may be subject to contractual penalty
 including monetary damages to the counterparties.

 the committed purchase
amounts are based on our expectations regarding our demand for raw materials and ultimately our future sales of finished products.
We may in future periods experience inventory buildup if our sales slow down for any reason and we continue to make the committed
purchases. For details on the risk associated with inventory buildup
 see &ldquo;&mdash;We might face inventory write-downs if
we are unable to effectively manage inventory levels and/or prices decline. We maintain inventories for raw materials and finished
products
 and our inventories may spoil.&rdquo;
We may not be able to continue to carry private
label or certain other branded infant formula products when and if the CFDA officially adopts its draft measures
 which propose
to limit the maximum number of brands of infant formula products a manufacturer may carry.

 the CFDA issued draft
Measures for Registration of Infant Formula Products for public comments. Under the draft measures
 the regulators seek to further
standardize the infant formula products market by proposing to limit the number of brands of infant formula products a manufacturer
may carry. As proposed
 a manufacturer will be allowed to carry up to three brands of infant formula products. While we expect
to apply for production licenses for each of our Qingdao
 Mengyuan and Carhaix facilities
 we may need to cease certain smaller
brands
 including private labels
 when and if the draft measures are enacted as proposed
 which may force us to change our branding
and marketing strategies and adversely affect our results of operations
 financial condition and prospects.

The consummation of the proposed going-private
transaction is uncertain
 and the announcement and pendency of such transaction could adversely affect our business
 results of
operations and financial condition.


 2016
 our board of directors
received a preliminary non-binding proposal letter from Mr. Liang Zhang
 our chairman and chief executive officer
 and an affiliated
entity of his
 which together with Mr. Zhang comprised the buyer group at the time
 to acquire all of our outstanding common stock
not already owned by the buyer group in a going-private transaction for $5.91 in cash per share. On January 21
 2016
 our board
of directors formed a special committee
 consisting solely of independent directors
 to consider the proposed going-private transaction
and to negotiate with the buyer group
 while considering other strategic options available to us. On January 30
 2016
 the
special committee received a letter from the buyer group led by Mr. Zhang
 stating
 among other things
 that such buyer group
would not proceed with the proposed going-private transactions unless approved by the special committee.


offer will be made
 that any agreement will be executed or that a transaction with the buyer group or any other transaction will
be approved or consummated. The process of consummating the proposed going-private transaction or any other significant strategic
transaction involving our company could cause disruptions in our business and divert our management&rsquo;s attention and other
resources from day-to-day operations
 which could have an adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition.
Additionally
 current and prospective employees and members of management could become uncertain about their future roles with
us in the event the going-private transaction is completed. This uncertainty could adversely affect our ability to retain and hire
employees and members of management. In addition
 the announcement and pendency of the proposed going-private transaction could
have an adverse effect on our relationships with customers.

If
the going-private transaction is not completed

the price of our common stock could decline. Additionally
 the ongoing business of our company could be adversely affected and
without realizing the benefits of having completed the going-private transaction
 our company will be subject to a number of risks
including payment of certain


    
    



even if the going-private transaction is not completed
 such as legal
 financial advisor and printing fees.

Our results of operations may be affected
by fluctuations in availability and price of raw materials.


price fluctuations due to various factors beyond our control
 including increasing market demand
 inflation
 severe climatic and
environmental conditions
 commodity price fluctuations
 currency fluctuations
 changes in governmental and agricultural regulations
and programs and other factors. We also expect that our raw material prices will continue to fluctuate and be affected by inflation
in the future. Changes to our raw materials prices may result in increases in production and packaging costs
 and we may be unable
to raise the prices of our products to offset these increased costs in the short-term or at all. As a result
 our results of operations
may be materially and adversely affected.

We might face inventory write-downs if we
are unable to effectively manage inventory levels and/or prices decline. We maintain inventories of raw materials and finished
products
 and our inventories may spoil.


shelf life of 18 to 24 months before the product is opened. Milk powder has a shelf life of 24 months. Whey powder has a shelf
life of 12 months. Other additives have a shelf life from several months to several years. Our inventory levels are based
 in part
on our expectations regarding future sales. We may in future periods experience inventory buildup if our sales slow for any reason.
Any unexpected significant shortfall in sales may result in higher inventory levels of raw materials and finished products than
we require
 thereby increasing our risk of inventory spoilage and corresponding inventory write-downs and write-offs
 which may
materially and adversely affect our results of operations.

Any major outbreak of illness or disease relating
to cows in the regions in which we import milk powder could lead to significant shortfalls in the supply of our milk powder
 and
could result in consumers avoiding dairy products
 which could result in substantial declines in our sales and possibly substantial
losses.


Zealand
 and all of our whey powder from France. We will import most of our dairy based raw material or finished goods from
EU
 with the majority from France after the Carhaix facility becomes operational. A major outbreak of any illness or disease
in cows globally could lead to a serious loss of consumer confidence in
 and demand for
 dairy products. A major outbreak of mad
cow disease (bovine spongiform encephalopathy)
 bovine tuberculosis
 or other serious disease in the principal regions supplying
milk powder could lead to significant shortfalls in the supply of milk powder. Furthermore
 adverse publicity about these types
of concerns
 whether or not valid
 may discourage consumers from buying dairy products or cause production and delivery disruptions.
If consumers generally were to avoid our products
 our sales would decline substantially and we could suffer substantial losses.

We may experience problems with product quality
or product performance
 or the perception of such problems
 which could materially and adversely affect our reputation or result
in a decrease in customers and revenue
 unexpected expenses and loss of market share.


 in part
 on
our ability to deliver high quality products on a timely and cost-effective manner. Our quality control and food safety management
systems are complex. For example
 there are over 1
100 quality control points throughout the entire production process. If the
quality of any of our products deteriorated
 it could result in delays in shipments
 cancellations of orders or customer returns
and complaints
 loss of goodwill
 and harm to our brand and reputation. In addition
 following the melamine


    
    



 we purchase all of
the milk powder used for our powdered formula products from New Zealand. We may be unable to exercise the same degree of quality
control over this overseas supplier as we can over our own facilities. Any quality problems associated with the milk powder produced
by this supplier would also affect our products&rsquo; quality and lead to negative publicity against us
 materially and adversely
affecting our reputation and brand
 and causing a decrease in sales of our products and a loss of market share. For example
 the
melamine contamination incident in China has resulted in certain of our products being contaminated
 impacting our brand and reputation.

Product liability claims against us could
result in adverse publicity and potentially significant monetary damages.


we are also exposed to risks associated with product liability claims if the consumption of infant formula products we sell results
in injury or death. We cannot predict what impact such product liability claims or resulting negative publicity would have on our
business or on our brand image. The successful assertion of product liability claims against us could result in potentially significant
monetary damages
 diversion of management resources and require us to make significant payments and incur substantial legal expenses.
We do not have product liability insurance for powdered formula products sold in China and have not made provisions for potential
product liability claims. Therefore
 we may not have adequate resources to satisfy a judgment if a successful claim is brought
against us. Even if a product liability claim is not successfully pursued to judgment by a claimant
 we may still incur substantial
legal expenses defending against such a claim and our brand image and reputation would suffer. Finally
 serious product quality
concerns could result in governmental actions against us
 which
 among other things
 could result in the suspension of production
or distribution of our products
 loss of certain licenses
 or other governmental penalties.

Our sales
 results of operations
 brand image
and reputation could be materially and adversely affected if we fail to efficiently manage our operations without interruption
or fail to ensure that our products are delivered on time.


of several sequential and complex processes
 the disruption of any of which could interrupt our operations and materially and adversely
affect our relationships with our distributors
 sub-distributors and end-customers
 our brand name and reputation
 and our financial
performance. Our operations involve the coordination of raw material sourcing from third parties
 internal production processes
and external distribution processes. We may face difficulties in coordinating the various aspects of our production processes
resulting in downtime and delays.


 we may encounter interruptions
in our production processes due to a catastrophic loss or events beyond our control
 such as fires
 explosions
 labor disturbances
earthquakes or other natural disasters. If there is a stoppage in production at any of our facilities
 even if only temporary
or delays in deliveries to our customers
 our business and reputation could be materially and adversely affected. Along with many
other producers of dairy and consumer products in China
 we generally rely on third-party logistics companies and distributors
for the delivery of our products. Delivery may be disrupted for various reasons
 many of which are beyond our control
 including
natural disasters
 weather conditions or social unrest and strikes
 which could lead to delayed or lost deliveries. In addition
transportation and related infrastructure conditions are often generally under-developed in some of the regions where we sell our
products. We currently do not have business interruption insurance to offset these potential losses
 delays and risks
 so a material
interruption of our business operations could materially damage our business.


    
    


We rely primarily on third-party distributors
and cannot assure you that their marketing and distribution of our products will be effective or will not harm our brand and reputation.
Moreover
 if we fail to timely identify and appoint additional or replacement distributors as needed
 or are unable to successfully
manage our distribution network
 our operating results could suffer.

We
primarily rely on third-party distributors and sub-distributors for the distribution and sales of our products. We sell our products
through an extensive nationwide distribution and sales network covering all of the provinces and provincial-level municipalities
in mainland China. As of March&nbsp;31
 2016

sub-distributors who sell our products in approximately 24
000 retail outlets. Our distributors normally have exclusive distribution
rights in their respective regions
 and are also responsible for developing the sub-distributors located in their own regions.
In addition
 our distributors are not required to exclusively distribute our products. We typically do not enter into long-term
agreements with distributors and have no control over their everyday business activities. Consequently
 our distributors may engage
in activities that are prohibited under our arrangements with them
 that violate PRC laws and regulations governing the dairy industry
or other PRC laws and regulations generally
 or that are otherwise harmful to our business or our reputation. Due to our dependence
on distributors for the sale and distribution of our products to retail outlets
 any one of the following events could cause material
fluctuations or declines in our revenue and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations:


reduction
 delay or cancellation of orders from one or more of our distributors;








in our industry in China and many of our competitors are expanding their distribution networks in China. We may not be able to
compete successfully against the larger and better-funded sales and marketing operations of some of our current or future competitors
especially if these competitors provide more favorable arrangements for distributors. As a result
 we may lose some of our distributors
to our competitors
 which may cause us to lose some or all of our favorable arrangements with such distributors and may even result
in the termination of our relationships with some of our distributors. While we do not believe we are substantially dependent upon
any individual distributor
 finding replacement distributors could be time-consuming and any resulting delay may be disruptive
and costly to our business. In addition
 we may not be able to successfully manage our distributors and the cost of any consolidation
or further expansion of our distribution network may exceed the revenue generated from these efforts. The occurrence of any of
these factors could result in a significant decrease in the sales volume of our products and therefore materially harm our financial
condition and results of operations.


sales operation strategy
 in September 2012 to strengthen our management of the sales channel
 the goal of which was to reduce
fixed sales overhead by reducing the number of retail outlets and sales staff
 and to use sales and promotional expenditures more
effectively by centrally monitoring the spending in each retail outlet. We have terminated our relationship with those retail outlets
with low sales volume and a low yield rate on the slotting fees
 to focus our resources on those retail outlets with high sales
volume and a higher yield rate on the slotting fees. As a result
 our number of retail outlets reduced from more than 60
000 as
of June&nbsp;30
 2012 to approximately 27
000 as of March&nbsp;31
 2013. The Gold Mining Strategy was substantially completed by
March&nbsp;31
 2013.



    
    



Our results of operations and business prospects
may be impaired by changing consumer preferences if we do not develop and offer products to meet changing preferences.


the success of our products depends on our ability to identify the tastes and nutritional needs of our customers and to offer products
that appeal to their preferences. We introduce new products and improved products from time to time and incur significant development
and marketing costs. If our products fail to meet consumer preferences
 then our strategy to grow sales and profits with new products
will be less successful.

More mothers may breastfeed their babies rather
than use our products
 resulting in reduced demand for our products and adversely affecting our revenues.


the number of mothers who choose to use our products rather than breastfeeding their babies. Publicly available data suggest that
breastfeeding has many health benefits for the baby that cannot be replicated by dairy-based infant formula products. Additionally
popular literature
 cultural pressure
 government policies and medical advice in China generally promote the benefits of breastfeeding.
For example
 on August&nbsp;1
 2007
 the NHFPC issued an Infant Feeding Strategy which promoted breastfeeding and requested all
local relevant departments to publicize the benefits of breastfeeding through radio broadcasting
 television and newspapers during
World Breastfeeding Week
 which took place in early August 2007. Under
the Advertising Law
 as amended in April 2015
 advertisement on dairy products purporting to replace breastfeeding is banned on
the mass media or in the public. Thus
 to the extent that private
 public and government sources increasingly promote the benefits
of breastfeeding
 there could be a reduced demand for our products and our revenues could be adversely affected.

A severe and prolonged downturn in the Chinese
or global economy or disruptions in the financial markets may adversely impact our business and results of operations and may limit
our access to additional financing.


by macroeconomic factors
 including changes in national
 regional
 and local economic conditions
 employment levels and consumer
spending patterns. A prolonged slowdown in the Chinese or global economy could erode consumer confidence which could result in
changes to consumer spending patterns
 which could be harmful to our financial position and results of operations.


 if the capital and credit markets
experience volatility and the availability of funds remains limited
 we will incur increased costs associated with equity and/or
debt financing. It is possible that our ability to access the capital and credit markets may be limited by these or other factors
at a time when we would like
 or need
 to do so
 which could have an adverse impact on our ability to refinance maturing debt and/or
react to changing economic and business conditions. In addition
 fluctuations in interest rates could impact our floating rate
debt negatively and increase our debt obligations.

Failure to properly execute our expansion
plan could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

We

in demand for our products. Our decision to increase our production capacity is based in part on our projections of increases
in our sales volume and growth in the size of the infant formula product market in


    
    



meet our projections
 we will likely suffer overcapacity problems and have idle capacity
 which may materially and adversely affect
our financial condition and results of operations. Our future success depends on our ability to properly execute our capacity
expansion plan our business to address expected growth in demand for our current and future products. Our ability to add production
capacity and increase output is subject to significant risks and uncertainties
 including:


the availability and cost of additional funding to expand our production capacity
 build new processing and packaging facilities
make additional investments in our subsidiaries
 acquire additional businesses or production facilities
 purchase additional fixed
assets and purchase raw materials on favorable terms or at all;


delays and cost overruns as a result of a number of factors
 many of which may be beyond our control
 such as problems with
equipment vendors and suppliers of raw materials;





global or local shortage of raw materials
 such as raw milk or whey powder;


our inability to obtain
 or delays in obtaining
 required approvals by relevant government authorities;








 we will need to implement
a variety of new and upgraded operational and financial systems
 procedures and controls
 including improvements to our accounting
and other internal management systems by dedicating additional resources to our reporting and accounting functions
 and improvements
to our record keeping and contract tracking system. We will need to respond to competitive market conditions and continue to enhance
existing products and develop new products
 and retain existing customers and attract new customers. We will also need to recruit
more personnel and train and manage our growing employee base. Furthermore
 we will need to maintain and expand our relationships
with our current and future customers
 suppliers
 distributors and other third parties
 and there is no guarantee that we will
succeed.


above
 or are otherwise unable to establish or successfully operate additional production capacity or to increase production output
we may be unable to grow our business and revenues
 reduce our operating costs
 maintain our competitiveness or improve our profitability
and our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected.


Resources
&rdquo; we entered into a series of agreements with Sodiaal and Euros&eacute;rum relating to a long-term industrial
and commercial partnership in September 2012. As contemplated in the agreements
 we have completed the construction of a new spray-drying
and dry-mixing facility in Carhaix
 France
 intended to manufacture milk powder
 high oil demineralized whey powder
 and powdered
formula products. The estimated final total cost to build the facility is approximately &euro;198.0 million
 including &euro;173
million in fixed asset investments and &euro;25 million of pre-opening expenses. We cannot be certain whether the facility
will produce the quality and quantity of products as planned and


    
    



or other issues in the future. Any of these issues could have a material adverse impact on our future operations and financial
results.

Any future expansion into new markets that
we are currently not significantly represented may be costly
 time-consuming and difficult. If we do not successfully expand into
new
 high growth markets we have identified
 our results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected.


to successfully expand into markets that we currently have low penetration rates. To further promote our brand and generate demand
for our products in such markets
 we may increase our spending on marketing and promotion in specific geographical areas or channels.
We may be unable to attract a sufficient number of distributors or penetrate a sufficient number of retail outlets to justify the
spending on marketing and promotion in these markets
 or our selected distributors or outlets may not be suitable for selling our
products in these markets for other reasons. We may also fail to attract new customers in such markets who may have less familiarity
with our brand and products. Furthermore
 we may fail to anticipate and address competitive conditions in these new markets that
are different from those in our existing primary markets. These competitive conditions may make it difficult or impossible for
us to effectively operate in these markets. If our expansion efforts in existing and new markets are unsuccessful
 our results
of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected.

Part of our strategy involves the development
of new products and new business segments
 and if we fail to timely develop new products or we incorrectly gauge the potential
market for new products
 our financial results would be adversely affected.


and development capabilities to develop new products that could become new sources of revenue for us in the future and help us
to diversify our revenue base. In addition to our core nutritional food business
 we have also entered into other business segments
such as the nutritional supplement segment
 and more recently
 the UHT liquid milk
product category. Our future research and development efforts will focus on further expanding our product offerings beyond
dairy-based nutritional products. If we fail to timely develop these and other new products or if we incorrectly gauge market
demand for such new products
 we may not be able to grow our sales revenue at expected growth rates and may incur expenses and
capital expenditure costs relating to the development of new products that do not generate a positive return on the investment.

We operate in a competitive environment
 which
may lead to declining revenue growth or other circumstances that would negatively affect our results of operations.


is competitive
 and we believe that competition in this market will continue to intensify. We believe that the principal competitive
factors in our markets are brand recognition
 quality
 advertising
 formulation
 packaging
 and price. We face significant competition
from a number of competitors
 including multinational companies
 such as Abbot Laboratories&rsquo; Ross Products Division
 Mead
Johnson
 Nestle
 FrieslandCampina
 Numico and Wyeth
 and domestic companies
 such as Biostime
 Beingmate
 Yashili
 Feihe and Yili.
See &ldquo;Item 1. Business&mdash;Competition.&rdquo; Many of our competitors have longer operating histories
 greater name recognition
significantly larger market shares
 access to larger customer bases and significantly greater financial resources and economies
of scale in financial
 sales and marketing
 production
 distribution
 technical and other resources than we do. Some of these competitors
have used
 and we expect will continue to use
 more aggressive pricing strategies
 greater amounts of incentives and subsidies
for distributors
 retailers and customers and more advanced processes and technologies. Furthermore
 consolidation among industry
participants in China may potentially result in stronger domestic competitors that are better able to compete as end-to-end suppliers
as well as competitors


    
    



and geographic markets. This could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and
prospects. In addition
 as a result of the melamine contamination incident
 customers have lost confidence in infant formula produced
by domestic companies for the time being
 which gives multinational infant formula companies an advantage over us.


markets
 we will need to continue to restore customer confidence in our brand and products
 develop new products and enhance our
product offerings while maintaining price competitiveness. Even if we successfully restore customer confidence
 if and to the extent
we fail to develop new products that differentiate us from our competitors
 we may need to compete largely on price
 which may
cause our operating margins to decline. Our inability to compete successfully against competitors and pricing pressures could result
in lost customers
 loss of market share and reduced operating margins
 which would adversely impact our results of operations.

If we grant employee stock options and other
stock-based compensation in the future
 we will be required to recognize stock-based compensation expense
 which would adversely
affect our results of operations.


 we have
not granted any stock-based compensation and thus have not been required to reflect any such expenses in our results of operations.
We adopted a stock-based compensation plan in June 2008 and may grant certain employees and directors stock-based compensation
which we believe could be important to attract and retain key personnel. We will be required to account for compensation costs
for all stock options
 including stock options granted to our directors and employees
 using the fair value method and recognize
the expense in our consolidated statement of operations
 which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

We may be exposed to liabilities under the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 and any determination that we violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act could have a material adverse
effect on our business.


Act
 or the FCPA
 and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials
and political parties by U.S. persons and issuers as defined by the statute for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business.
We have operations
 agreements with third parties and make sales in China
 which may experience corruption. Our activities in China
create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of the employees
 consultants
 sales agents or distributors
of our company
 because these parties are not always subject to our control. It is our policy to implement safeguards to discourage
these practices by our employees. However
 our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective
and the employees
 consultants
 sales agents or distributors of our Company may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible.
Violations of the FCPA may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions
 and we may be subject to other liabilities
 which could
negatively affect our business
 operating results and financial condition. In additions
 the government may seek to hold our Company
liable for successor liability of FCPA violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire.

If we are unable to maintain an effective
system of internal control over financial reporting
 we may be unable to accurately report our financial results
 or prevent fraud.


weaknesses and significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting. In connection with our management&rsquo;s assessment
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March&nbsp;31
 2012
 a material weakness was identified.
A material weakness is defined by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 or PCAOB



    
    



 or a combination of deficiencies
in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual
or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.


weakness in our internal control over financial reporting
 and we believe that the material weakness previously identified had
been fully remediated as of March&nbsp;31
 2013. However
 we cannot assure you that any current or future deficiencies will not
contribute to
 or cause
 possible material weaknesses in the future or
 that we will be able to implement effectively new or improved
controls. In addition
 our management or our independent registered public accounting firm may determine that our internal control
over financial reporting is not effective in the future.


 a lack of effective internal control
over financial reporting in the future could cause us to fail to provide accurate financial statements or fail to meet our reporting
obligations
 either of which could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information
 and have a negative
effect on the trading price of our common stock. Our failure to meet our reporting obligations in a timely fashion may also lead
to the delisting of our common stock by the NASDAQ Global Select Market.

Our success depends to a substantial degree
upon our senior management and key personnel
 and our business operations may be significantly and negatively affected if we fail
to attract and retain highly competent senior management and key personnel.


on the continued services of our key personnel including
 particularly
 Liang Zhang
 our chairman and chief executive officer.
We rely substantially on their experience in the dairy and nutritional products industry
 and on their relationships and ability
to work with our suppliers and distributors and other customers. If we lose the services of one or more of these key personnel
we may not be able to replace them readily
 if at all
 with suitable or qualified candidates
 and may incur additional expenses
to recruit and retain new officers and key personnel
 which could severely disrupt our business and growth. We do not maintain
key-man life insurance for any of our key personnel.


 if any of these key personnel
joins a competitor or forms a competing company
 we may lose some of our distributors. We have entered into employment agreements
with each of these key personnel
 which contain confidentiality and non-competition provisions. However
 if any disputes were to
arise between these key personnel and us
 it is not clear
 in light of uncertainties associated with the PRC legal system
 what
the court decisions would be and the extent to which these court decisions could be enforced in China
 where most of these key

with respect to the PRC legal system could limit the legal protections available to you and us
 as we expect
to continue to expand our operations and develop new products
 we will need to continue attracting and retaining experienced management
and key research and development personnel.


research and development personnel in China is intense
 and the availability of experienced
 suitable and qualified candidates
is limited. Competition for these individuals may require us to pay higher compensation and other benefits in order to attract
and retain them
 which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We may also be
unable to attract or retain the personnel necessary to achieve our business objectives
 and any failure in this regard could severely
disrupt our business and growth.


    
    


Liang Zhang&rsquo;s association with other
businesses could impede his ability to devote sufficient time to our business and could present potential conflicts of interest.


 our founder
 chairman
 chief
executive officer and principal beneficial stockholder
 controls several other companies in China. Liang Zhang devotes most of
his time to our affairs and the remainder of his time to the affairs of the other companies. Liang Zhang&rsquo;s decision-making
responsibilities for these other companies are similar in the areas of public relations
 risk management and strategic planning.
As a result
 conflicts of interest may arise from time to time and we cannot assure you that they will be resolved in our favor.
Additionally
 even though Liang Zhang devotes most of his time to our affairs and is further accountable to us and our stockholders
as a fiduciary
 which requires that he exercise good faith and due care in handling our affairs
 we cannot assure you this will
always be the case and his existing responsibilities to other businesses and entities may limit the amount of time he can spend
on our affairs.

Our chairman and chief executive officer
Liang Zhang
 beneficially owns a substantial amount of our common stock and will have significant influence over our corporate
affairs.

Our
founder
 chairman and chief executive officer
 Liang Zhang

stock through a company owned by his wife as of March&nbsp;31
 2016. Accordingly
 Liang Zhang will be able to direct the outcome
of matters requiring approval of the stockholders
 including the election of our directors and other corporate actions such as:











with our interests or the interests of our other stockholders.

We have committed to certain capacity expansion
projects and long term purchase contracts that require significant capital investment. Such capital may not be available
on favorable terms or at all.


 in the past
 obtained loans and
sold our common stock to raise additional capital. We have committed to certain capacity expansion projects
 in particular the
French Project which requires a total investment of &euro;198.0 million. We cannot assure you that we will be able to generate
the required equity portion of the investment in the French Project from our operation cash flow
 or raise the required debt portion
of the French Project investment. Failure to do so may cause us to delay or abandon the French Project
 which in turn may lead
to the deterioration of our relationship with Euros&eacute;rum and Sodiaal
 and potentially other material adverse impact on our
business. In addition
 we have entered into long term agreements with Sodiaal and other suppliers to purchase certain amount
of milk or milk products
 which requires us to invest into the working capital associated with such purchase arrangements. We
intend to finance such working capital requirements with traditional trade financing arrangements but may need to use debt and/or
equity financing if such trade financing is not available. Any additional equity financing may be dilutive to stockholders
and such additional equity securities may have rights
 preferences or privileges that are senior to those of our existing common
stock. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could require us to agree to operating
and financial covenants that would restrict our operations. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operating activities
or obtain funds for required payments of interest and principal on such additional indebtedness
 we will be in default. Financing
may not be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us
 if at all. Any failure by us to raise additional funds on terms
favorable to us
 or at all
 could limit our ability to expand our business operations and could harm our overall business prospects.


    
    


We have limited property insurance coverage
and do not carry any business interruption insurance.


risks
 including equipment failures
 natural disasters
 industrial accidents
 power outages
 labor disturbances and other business
interruptions. Furthermore
 if any of our products are faulty or contaminated
 then we may become subject to product liability
claims or we may have to engage in a product recall.


insurance
 and have limited property insurance coverage. Therefore
 our existing insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover
all risks associated with our business. As a result
 we may be required to pay for financial and other losses
 damages and liabilities
including those caused by natural disasters and other events beyond our control
 out of our own funds
 which could have a material
adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. For example
 all of the costs we have incurred to
date and may incur in the future that are related to our product recall in connection with the melamine contamination incident
is not covered by our existing insurance policies.

Failure to adequately protect our intellectual
property rights may undermine our competitive position
 and litigation to protect our intellectual property rights may be costly.


contractual restrictions to protect our intellectual property. We have not registered or applied for protections in China for most
of our intellectual property or proprietary technologies relating to the formulations of powdered infant formula that we produce.
In order to protect our proprietary technology and processes
 we also rely in part on nondisclosure agreements with our employees
licensing partners
 third-party producers
 consultants
 agents and other organizations to which we disclose our proprietary information.
The actions we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights may not be adequate to provide us with meaningful protection
or commercial advantage. As a result
 third parties may use the intellectual property or proprietary technologies that we have
developed and compete with us
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and operating results.


their implementation are still under development. Accordingly
 intellectual property rights and confidentiality protections in
China may not be as effective as in the United States or many other countries. In addition
 policing unauthorized use of proprietary
technology can be difficult and expensive. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights and the outcome
of any such litigation may not be in our favor. Given the relative unpredictability of China&rsquo;s legal system and potential
difficulties enforcing a court judgment in China
 there is no guarantee that we would be able to halt the unauthorized use of our
intellectual property through litigation in a timely manner or at all. Furthermore
 any such litigation may be costly and may divert
management attention away from our business and cause us to expend significant resources. An adverse determination in any such
litigation will impair our intellectual property rights and may harm our business
 prospects and reputation. In addition
 we have
no insurance coverage against litigation costs and would have to bear all costs arising from such litigation to the extent we are
unable to recover them from other parties. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse impact on our business
financial condition and results of operations.

We may be exposed to infringement or misappropriation
claims by third parties
 which
 if determined adversely against us
 could disrupt our business and subject us to significant liability
to third parties.


to use and develop our know-how and product formulations without infringing upon the intellectual property rights of third parties.
We may be subject to


    
    



or violation of other intellectual property rights of third parties. The holders of patents and other intellectual property rights
potentially relevant to our product offerings may be unknown to us or may otherwise make it difficult for us to acquire a license
on commercially acceptable terms.


to and relied on by us that are subject to infringement or other corresponding allegations or claims by others which could damage
our ability to rely on such technologies. In addition
 although we endeavor to ensure that companies that work with us possess
appropriate intellectual property rights or licenses
 we cannot fully avoid the risks of intellectual property rights infringement
created by suppliers of raw materials used in our products
 our third-party producers
 or by companies with which we work in cooperative
research and development activities. Our current or potential competitors
 many of which have substantial resources and have made
substantial investments in competing technologies
 may have obtained or may obtain patents that will prevent
 limit or interfere
with our ability to make
 use or sell our products in China or other countries. The defense of intellectual property claims
 including
patent infringement suits
 and related legal and administrative proceedings can be both costly and time-consuming
 and may significantly
divert the efforts and resources of our technical and management personnel. Furthermore
 an adverse determination in any such litigation
or proceeding to which we may become a party could cause us to:





seek licenses from third parties
 which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all;


pay additional ongoing royalties
 which could decrease our profit margins;


redesign our products
 which may be costly
 if possible at all; or





us from pursuing some or all of our business and result in our customers or potential customers deferring
 canceling or limiting
their purchase or use of our products
 which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Increased information technology security
threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems
 networks
 products
 solutions and
services.


security threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and
the confidentiality
 availability and integrity of our data. While we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of
measures
 our systems
 networks
 products
 solutions and services remain potentially vulnerable to advanced persistent threats.
Depending on their nature and scope
 such threats could potentially lead to the compromising of confidential information
 improper
use of our systems and networks
 manipulation and destruction of data
 defective products
 production downtimes and operational
disruptions
 which in turn could materially adversely affect our reputation
 competitiveness and results of operations.


    
    




Adverse changes in political and economic
policies of the PRC government could impede the overall economic growth of China
 which could reduce the demand for our products
and damage our business.


of our revenues in China. Accordingly
 our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects are affected significantly
by economic
 political and legal developments in China. The PRC economy differs from the economies of most developed countries
in many respects
 including:




















from a planned economy to a more market-oriented economy
 the PRC government has implemented various measures to encourage economic
growth and guide the allocation of resources. While these measures may benefit the overall PRC economy
 they may also have a negative
effect on us.


years implemented measures emphasizing the utilization of market forces for economic reform
 the PRC government continues to exercise
substantial control over virtually every sector of the PRC economy through the allocation of resources
 controlling payment of
foreign currency-denominated obligations
 setting monetary policy and imposing policies that impact particular industries or companies
in different ways. Our ability to operate in China may be harmed by changes in PRC laws and regulations
 including those relating
to how we conduct our business
 taxation
 import and export tariffs
 environmental regulations
 land use rights
 property and other
matters. We believe that our operations in China are in material compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
However
 the central or local governments of the jurisdictions in which we operate may impose new
 stricter regulations or interpretations
of existing regulations that would require additional expenditures and efforts on our part to ensure our compliance with such regulations
or interpretations.


 government actions in the future
including any decision not to continue to support recent economic reforms and to return to a more centrally planned economy or
regional or local variations in the implementation of economic policies
 could have a significant adverse effect on economic conditions
in China or particular regions thereof and could require us to divest ourselves of any interest we then hold in PRC properties
or joint ventures.


    
    


PRC food hygiene and safety laws may become
more onerous
 which may adversely affect our operations and financial performance and lead to an increase in our costs which we
may be unable to pass on to our customers.

Operators
within the PRC dairy industry and infant formula sector are subject to compliance with PRC food hygiene and safety laws and regulations.
Such laws and regulations require all enterprises engaged in the production of dairy and infant formula products to obtain a hygiene
license. They also set out hygiene standards with respect to food and food additives
 packaging and containers
 and labeling on
packaging as well as hygiene requirements for food production and sites
 facilities and equipment used for the transportation and
the sale of food. Failure to comply with PRC food hygiene and safety laws may result in fines
 suspension of operations
 loss of
hygiene license and
 in certain cases
 criminal proceedings against an enterprise and its management. Although we are in compliance
with current PRC food hygiene and safety laws and regulations
 in the event that such laws and regulations become more stringent
or widen in scope
 we may fail to comply with such laws
 or if we comply
 our production and distribution costs may increase
 and
we may be unable to pass these additional costs on to our customers. For example
 in response to the melamine contamination incident
the PRC State Council abolished the regulations on inspection exemptions for food on September&nbsp;18
 2008 so that our products
were to be subject to batch by batch inspection going forward. In addition
 a series of laws and regulations were enacted
 including
the Regulation&nbsp;on Supervision and Administration of Quality and Safety of Dairy Products
 promulgated by the PRC State Council
on October&nbsp;9
 2008
 the Rules for the Examination of Licensing Criteria for Enterprises Producing Formula Milk Powder of Infant
Use
 promulgated by the CFDA on December 16
 2013

 as amended on April 24
 2015
 which impose
more stringent requirements for inspection
 production
 packaging
 labeling and product recall on dairy product producers. These
measures have increased our costs in the past and are likely to continue to contribute to our costs in the future
 which costs
we may be unable to pass on to our customers.

Changes in the regulatory environment for
dairy and infant nutrition products in China could negatively impact our business.


in China are regulated and regulatory changes may affect both our customers and us. Any changes in regulations that impose additional
requirements for construction of new production lines and facilities or expansion of existing facilities will require us to secure
additional government approvals for our current production expansion projects. Similarly
 additional safety and quality control
regulations could impact our costs of production. For example
 in December 2013
 the CFDA updated the national guidance for the
renewal and re-affirmation of production licenses for manufacturing infant-formula milk powder products in China. This regulation
sets forth new rules and raises the bar on infant formula producers in nine areas
 including product safety control
 purchase of
raw materials
 formula product inspection
 manufacturing process and product traceability. In particular
 the requirement on a
100
000 grade clean space to meet the medical grade good manufacturing practices is widely considered as the most challenging requirement.
For a more detailed description of these requirements
 see &ldquo;Item 1. Business&mdash;Regulation.&rdquo; Although we believe
our existing entities and facilities meet the requirements
 it is possible that our entities may fail to meet one or more of the
additional requirements in the future. Failure to comply with these or any other changes in regulations affecting our business
could have a material adverse effect on our business and our results of operations
 including failure to renew our production licenses.
In addition
 the indirect impact of any such changes could adversely affect our business even if the specific regulations do not
directly apply to our products or us.


    
    


Uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal
system could limit the legal protections available to you and us.


subsidiaries in China. Our operating subsidiaries are generally subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investments
in China and
 in particular
 laws applicable to foreign-invested enterprises. The PRC legal system is based on written statutes
and prior court decisions may be cited for reference
 but have limited precedential value. Over the past several decades
 a series
of new PRC laws and regulations have significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investments in
China. However
 since the PRC legal system continues to rapidly evolve
 the interpretations of many laws
 regulations and rules
are not always uniform and enforcement of these laws
 regulations and rules involve uncertainties
 which may limit legal protections
available to you and us. In addition
 any litigation in China may be protracted and result in substantial costs and diversion of
resources and management attention.

If we are found to have failed to comply with
applicable laws
 we may incur additional expenditures or be subject to significant fines and penalties.


regulations applicable to us. However
 many PRC laws and regulations are uncertain in their scope
 and the implementation of such
laws and regulations in different localities could have significant differences. In certain instances
 local implementation rules
and/or the actual implementation are not necessarily consistent with the regulations at the national level. Although we strive
to comply with all the applicable PRC laws and regulations
 we cannot assure you that the relevant PRC government authorities will
not later determine that we have not been in compliance with certain laws or regulations. For example
 there is a PRC regulation
requiring all employees to make contributions to a housing fund based on their salary level and their employers to match such contributions.
However
 many employees are reluctant to make such contributions as they do not perceive such contribution will benefit them
 and
this regulation has generally not been rigorously enforced. We have allowed our employees to make contributions on a voluntary
basis and then match their contributions. However
 we cannot assure you that in the future the PRC government will not start to
enforce this regulation more rigorously. Although there are no material penalties stipulated in this regulation
 if we are found
not to be in compliance
 we may be required to bring current any past deficiencies
 which could adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations.

In
addition
 our facilities and products are subject to many laws and regulations administered by the PRC State Administration for
Industry and Commerce
 the PRC State Administration of Taxation
 the NHFPC

 and the CFDA relating to the processing
packaging
 storage
 distribution
 advertising
 labeling
 quality
 and safety of food products. Our failure to comply with these
and other applicable laws and regulations in China could subject us to administrative penalties and injunctive relief
 as well
as civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions and recalls of our products. It is possible that changes to such laws
 more rigorous
enforcement of such laws or with respect to our current or past practices
 could have a material adverse effect on our business
operating results and financial condition. Further
 additional environmental
 health or safety issues relating to matters that
are not currently known to management may result in unanticipated liabilities and expenditures.

Restrictions on currency exchange may limit
our ability to receive and use our sales revenue effectively.


in Renminbi. Under PRC law
 the Renminbi is currently convertible under the &ldquo;current account
&rdquo; which includes dividends
and trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions
 but not under the &ldquo;capital account
&rdquo; which includes foreign
direct investment and


    
    



 our PRC operating subsidiaries
may purchase foreign currencies for settlement of current account transactions
 including payments of dividends to us
 without
the approval of the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange
 or SAFE
 by complying with certain procedural requirements. However
the relevant PRC government authorities may limit or eliminate our ability to purchase foreign currencies in the future.


convertibility of the RMB into foreign currencies and
 in certain cases
 the remittance of currency out of China. We receive substantially
all of our revenues in RMB. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations
 payments of current account items
 including profit
distributions
 interest payments and trade and service related foreign exchange transactions
 can be made in foreign currencies
without prior SAFE approval by complying with certain procedural requirements. Therefore
 after complying with certain procedural
requirements
 our PRC subsidiaries are able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to us without prior approval from SAFE. However
approval from or registration with appropriate government authorities is required where RMB is to be converted into foreign currency
and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of loans denominated in foreign currencies. The PRC government
may also at its discretion restrict access to foreign currencies for current account transactions in the future. If the foreign
exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currencies to satisfy our foreign currency demands
 we may
not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our stockholders.

PRC regulations relating to investment activities
by
 and holdings in entities outside of China of
 PRC residents and citizens
 may subject our PRC resident and citizen stockholders
to personal liability and limit our ability to acquire PRC companies or to inject capital into our PRC subsidiaries
 limit our
PRC subsidiaries&rsquo; ability to distribute profits to us or otherwise materially and adversely affect us.


concerning Foreign Exchange Administration of Overseas Investment and Financing and Return Investments Conducted by Domestic Residents
through Overseas Special Purpose Vehicle
 or Circular 37
 promulgated by SAFE and effective on July 4
 2014
 (1) a PRC resident
must register with the local SAFE branch before he or she contributes assets or equity interests in an overseas special purpose
vehicle
 or an Overseas SPV
 that is directly established or controlled by the PRC resident for the purpose of conducting investment
or financing&#894; and (2) following the initial registration
 the PRC resident is also required to register with the local SAFE
branch for any major change
 in respect of the Overseas SPV
 including
 among other things
 a change in the Overseas SPV&rsquo;s
PRC resident shareholder
 name of the Overseas SPV
 term of operation
 or any increase or reduction of the Overseas SPV&rsquo;s
registered capital
 share transfer or swap
 and merger or division. SAFE promulgated the Notice on Further Simplifying and Improving
the Administration of the Foreign Exchange Concerning Direct Investment
 effective on June 1
 2015
 which requires PRC residents
or entities to register with qualified banks rather than SAFE or its local branch in connection with their establishment or control
of an offshore entity established for the purpose of overseas investment or financing. Circular 37 replaced a former SAFE circular
commonly referred to as Circular 75
 effective on November 1
 2005
 and the relevant implementation notice.


of our stock who are PRC residents to register with the relevant branch of SAFE in connection with their equity interests in us
and our acquisitions of equity interests in our PRC subsidiaries pursuant to Circular 37 or the predecessor regulation of Circular
37
 as the case may be. As Circular 37 was recently promulgated
 it remains unclear how it will be interpreted and implemented
and how or whether SAFE will apply it to us. Therefore
 we cannot predict how it will affect our business operations or future
strategies. For example
 the ability of our present and prospective PRC subsidiaries to


    
    



 such
as the remittance of dividends and foreign currency-denominated borrowings
 may be subject to compliance with Circular 37 by our
PRC resident beneficial holders.


 such PRC residents may not
always be able to complete the necessary registration procedures required by Circular 37. We also have little control over either
our present or prospective direct or indirect stockholders or the outcome of such registration procedures. Failure of our present
or future PRC resident beneficial holders to comply with Circular 37 could subject these PRC resident beneficial holders to fines
or legal sanctions
 restrict our overseas or cross-border investment activities
 limit the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make
distributions or pay dividends or affect our ownership structure
 which could adversely affect our business and prospects.

Fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely
affect our business and the value of our common stock.


affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates
 particularly between the U.S. dollar/Euro and the Renminbi
 and other currencies
in which our sales may be denominated
 and may affect our net profit margins and result in foreign currency exchange gains or losses
on our U.S. dollar/Euro denominated assets and liabilities. Because our earnings and cash assets are primarily denominated in Renminbi
appreciation or depreciation in the value of the Renminbi relative to the U.S. dollar/Euro would affect our financial results reported
in U.S. dollar terms without giving effect to any underlying change in our business or results of operations. Fluctuations in the
exchange rate will also affect the relative value of any dividend we issue that will be exchanged into U.S. dollars and earnings
from
 and the value of
 any U.S. dollar-denominated investments we make in the future.


dollar
 Euro and other currencies is affected by
 among other things
 changes in China&rsquo;s political and economic conditions
and China&rsquo;s foreign exchange policies. In late 2005
 China amended its policy of tracking the value of the Renminbi to the
U.S. dollar. The new policy permitted the Renminbi to fluctuate against a basket of foreign currencies
 which caused the Renminbi
to appreciate by approximately 21.5% against the U.S. dollar over the following three years. Since 2008
 the Renminbi has fluctuated
against other freely traded currencies. In June 2010
 the PRC government announced that it would allow greater flexibility for
the Renminbi to fluctuate against the U.S. dollar
 which resulted in further appreciation of the Renminbi. Between June&nbsp;30
2010 and December&nbsp;31
 2013
 the value of the Renminbi appreciated by approximately 12.0% against the U.S. dollar
 although
in 2014
 the value of the Renminbi depreciated approximately 2.5% against the U.S. dollar. On August 10
 2015
 the People&rsquo;s
Bank of China announced that it had changed the calculation method for RMB&rsquo;s daily central parity exchange rate against U.S.
dollars
 which resulted in an approximately 2.0% depreciation of RMB on that day. RMB continued to depreciate against U.S. dollars
since then. We cannot provide any assurances that the policy of the PRC government will not affect or the manner in which it may
affect the exchange rate between the Renminbi and the U.S. dollar in the future.


in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. To date
 we have not entered into any hedging transactions in an
effort to reduce our exposure to foreign currency exchange risk. While we may enter into hedging transactions in the future
 the
availability and effectiveness of these transactions may be limited
 and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure
at all. In addition
 our foreign currency exchange losses may be magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our
ability to convert Renminbi into foreign currencies.


 some of our raw materials and
major equipment are imported. In the event that the U.S. dollar/Euro appreciated against the Renminbi
 our costs may increase.
If we cannot pass the resulting cost


    
    



 our profitability
and operating results will suffer. In addition
 to the extent we enter markets outside China in the future
 we may be increasingly
subject to the risk of foreign currency fluctuations.

Restrictions under PRC law on our PRC subsidiaries&rsquo;
ability to make dividends and other distributions could materially and adversely affect our ability to grow
 make investments or
acquisitions that could benefit our business
 pay dividends to our stockholders
 and otherwise fund and conduct our businesses.

Our
revenues are earned by our PRC subsidiaries. However
 PRC regulations restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make dividends
and other payments to their offshore parent company. PRC legal restrictions permit payments of dividend by our PRC subsidiaries
only out of their accumulated after-tax profits
 if any
 determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations.
Each of our PRC subsidiaries is also required under PRC laws and regulations to allocate at least 10% of our annual after-tax profits
determined in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles in the PRC
 or PRC GAAP
 to a statutory general reserve
fund until the amounts in such fund reaches 50% of their registered capitals in China. Allocations to these statutory reserve funds
can only be used for specific purposes and are not transferable to us in the form of loans
 advances or cash dividends. As a result
of these PRC laws and regulations
 the Company&rsquo;s PRC subsidiaries and PRC affiliates are restricted in their ability to transfer
a portion of their net assets to the Company in the form of dividends
 loans or advances
 which restricted portion amounted to

009.4 million (equivalently $156.2 million) as of March&nbsp;31
 2016. Any limitations on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries
to transfer funds to us could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow
 make investments or acquisitions that could be
beneficial to our business
 pay dividends and otherwise fund and conduct our business.

Under China&rsquo;s Enterprise Income Tax
Law
 or the EIT Law
 we may be classified as a &ldquo;resident enterprise&rdquo; of China. This classification could result in
unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC stockholders.


outside of China whose &ldquo;de facto management bodies&rdquo; are located in China are considered &ldquo;resident enterprises&rdquo;
and are generally subject to the uniform 25% enterprise income tax rate on their worldwide income. In addition
 a circular issued
by the State Administration of Taxation regarding the standards used to classify certain Chinese-invested enterprises established
outside of China as &ldquo;resident enterprises&rdquo; clarified that dividends and other income paid by such &ldquo;resident enterprises&rdquo;
will be considered to be PRC source income
 subject to PRC withholding tax
 currently at a rate of 10%
 when recognized by non-PRC
stockholders. This circular also subjects such &ldquo;resident enterprises&rdquo; to various reporting requirements with the PRC
tax authorities. Under the implementation regulations to the enterprise income tax
 a &ldquo;de facto management body&rdquo; is
defined as a body that has material and overall management and control over the manufacturing and business operations
 personnel
and human resources
 finances and treasury
 and acquisition and disposition of properties and other assets of an enterprise. In
addition
 the circular mentioned above details that certain Chinese-invested enterprises will be classified as &ldquo;resident
enterprises&rdquo; if the following are located or reside in China: senior management personnel and departments that are responsible
for daily production
 operation and management; financial and personnel decision making bodies; key properties
 accounting books
company seal
 and minutes of board meetings and stockholders&rsquo; meetings; and half or more of the directors or senior management
having voting rights. If the PRC tax authorities determine that Synutra
 Inc. or Synutra International
 Inc. are &ldquo;resident
enterprises
&rdquo; we may be subject to enterprise income tax at the rate of 25% on our worldwide income and dividends paid by
us to our non-PRC stockholders and
 while less clear
 capital gains recognized by them with respect to the sale of our stock
 may
be subject to a PRC withholding tax. This will have an impact on


    
    



 a material adverse
effect on our net income and results of operations
 and may require us to withhold tax on our non-PRC stockholders. We are actively
monitoring the &ldquo;resident enterprise&rdquo; classification rules and are evaluating appropriate organizational changes to
avoid this treatment
 to the extent possible.


enterprise&rdquo; by PRC tax authorities
 we would be subject to tax in both the United States and China
 and our PRC tax may not
be creditable against our U.S. tax.

Our stockholders may have difficulty enforcing
judgments against us.


of our assets are located outside of the United States. All of our current operations are conducted in the PRC. In addition
 most
of our directors and officers are nationals and residents of countries other than the United States. A substantial portion of the
assets of these persons is located outside the United States. As a result
 it may be difficult for our stockholders to effect service
of process within the United States upon these persons. It may also be difficult for our stockholders to enforce in U.S. courts
judgments on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against us and our officers and directors. In addition
there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the PRC would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts. Our PRC legal adviser
has advised us that the recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments are provided for under the PRC Civil Procedures Law. Courts
in China may recognize and enforce foreign judgments in accordance with the requirements of the PRC Civil Procedures Law based
on treaties between China and the country where the judgment is made or on reciprocity between jurisdictions. China does not have
any treaties or other arrangements that provide for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments with the United
States. In addition
 according to the PRC Civil Procedures Law
 courts in the PRC will not enforce a foreign judgment against us
or our directors and officers if they decide that the judgment violates basic principles of PRC law or national sovereignty
 security
or public interest. So it is uncertain whether a PRC court would enforce a judgment rendered by a court in the United States.

Inflation in China and measures to contain
inflation could negatively affect our profitability and growth.


growth
 such growth has been uneven among various sectors of the economy and in different geographical areas of the country. Rapid
economic growth can lead to growth in the money supply and rising inflation. If prices for our products rise at a rate that is
insufficient to compensate for the rise in our costs
 our business may be materially and adversely affected. In order to control
inflation in the past
 the PRC government has imposed controls on bank credits
 limits on loans for fixed assets and restrictions
on state bank lending. If imposed in the future
 such austerity measures or other measures could lead to a slowing of economic
growth. A slowdown in the PRC economy could also materially and adversely affect our business and prospects.

The PRC government may deem the control agreements
between us and certain of our consolidated affiliated entities to be non-compliant with restrictions on foreign investment and
as a result we may be subject to penalties or required to perform a costly restructuring of these entities.


foreign entities from establishing clinical business in China. Foreign entities that wish to establish medical clinical businesses
in China must have domestic entities as partners. In order to comply with PRC law and avoid restrictions on foreign investment
in medical clinical operations
 we operate our medical treatment services (mostly pre-natal diagnostics services) through Beijing
Syclin
 which is not directly owned by us. We control and consolidate Beijing Syclin into our consolidated


    
    



See &ldquo;Item 1
 Business&mdash;Our Corporate Structure and History&rdquo; and &ldquo;Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions
 and Director Independence.&rdquo;


place are governed by PRC law. There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current and
future PRC laws and regulations on these contractual agreements and it is possible that the PRC authorities may in the future find
these arrangements unlawful. If these arrangements were to be deemed unlawful
 the PRC authorities have broad discretion to penalize
us
 including:
















Furthermore

parties to these control agreements
 will continue to cooperate with us and honor these control agreements. There is a risk that
they will not always act in our best interests. If we cannot resolve any conflicts of interest or dispute that may arise between
them and us
 we may have to take legal action to compel them to fulfill their contractual obligations and there is substantial
uncertainty as to the outcome of any such legal proceedings. It may be difficult for us to change our corporate structure or to
bring claims against Beijing Syclin if they do not perform their obligations under these contractual arrangements.

The audit report included in this annual report
is prepared by an auditor who is not inspected by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and
 as such
 you are deprived
of the benefits of such inspection.


firm that issues the audit reports included in this annual report
 as an auditor of companies that are traded publicly in the United
States and a firm registered with the PCAOB
 is required by the laws of the United States to undergo regular inspections by the
PCAOB to assess its compliance with the laws of the United States and professional standards. Because our auditors are located
in China
 a jurisdiction where the PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections without the approval of the Chinese authorities
our auditors are not currently inspected by the PCAOB.


has conducted outside of China have identified deficiencies in those firms&rsquo; audit procedures and quality control procedures
which may be addressed as part of the inspection process to improve future audit quality. This lack of PCAOB inspections in China
prevents the PCAOB from regularly evaluating our auditors&rsquo; audits and its quality control procedures. As a result
 investors
may be deprived of the benefits of PCAOB inspections.


of auditors in China makes it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of our auditors&rsquo; audit procedures or quality control
procedures as compared to


    
    



to PCAOB inspections. Investors may lose confidence in our reported financial information and procedures and the quality of our
financial statements.

Proceedings instituted by the SEC against
five PRC-based accounting firms
 including our independent registered public accounting firm
 could result in financial statements
being determined to not be in compliance with the requirements of the Exchange Act.


of the &rsquo;&lsquo;big four&rsquo;&rsquo; accounting firms
 including our independent registered public accounting firm
 were
affected by a conflict between U.S. and Chinese law. Specifically
 for certain U.S.-listed companies operating and audited in mainland
China
 the SEC and the PCAOB sought to obtain from the Chinese firms access to their audit work papers and related documents. The
firms were
 however
 advised and directed that under Chinese law
 they could not respond directly to the U.S. regulators on those
requests
 and that requests by foreign regulators for access to such papers in China had to be channeled through the China Securities
Regulatory Commission
 or the CSRC.


 this impasse led the SEC to
commence administrative proceedings under Rule&nbsp;102(e) of its Rules of Practice and also under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
against the Chinese accounting firms
 including our independent registered public accounting firm. A first instance trial of the
proceedings in July 2013 in the SEC&rsquo;s internal administrative court resulted in an adverse judgment against the firms. The
administrative law judge proposed penalties on the firms including a temporary suspension of their right to practice before the
SEC
 although that proposed penalty did not take effect pending review by the Commissioners of the SEC. On February&nbsp;6
 2015
before a review by the Commissioner had taken place
 the firms reached a settlement with the SEC. Under the settlement
 the SEC
accepts that future requests by the SEC for the production of documents will normally be made to the CSRC. The firms will receive
matching Section&nbsp;106 requests
 and are required to abide by a detailed set of procedures with respect to such requests
 which
in substance require them to facilitate production via the CSRC. If they fail to meet specified criteria
 the SEC retains authority
to impose a variety of additional remedial measures on the firms depending on the nature of the failure. Remedies for any future
noncompliance could include
 as appropriate
 an automatic six-month bar on a single firm&rsquo;s performance of certain audit work
commencement of a new proceeding against a firm
 or in extreme cases the resumption of the current proceeding against all four
firms.


proceedings
 depending upon the final outcome
 listed companies in the United States with major PRC operations may find it difficult
or impossible to retain auditors in respect of their operations in the PRC
 which could result in financial statements being determined
to not be in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act
 including
possible delisting. Moreover
 any negative news about any such future proceedings against these audit firms may cause investor
uncertainty regarding China-based
 U.S.-listed companies and the market price of our common stock may be adversely affected.


firm was denied
 even temporarily
 the ability to practice before the SEC and we were unable to timely find another registered
public accounting firm to audit and issue an opinion on our financial statements
 our financial statements could be determined
not to be in compliance with the requirements of the Exchange Act. Such a determination could ultimately lead to the delisting
of our common stock from the NASDAQ Global Select Market or deregistration from the SEC
 or both
 which would substantially reduce
or effectively terminate the trading of our common stock in the United States.


    
    




The market price of our common stock is volatile
and its value may be depressed at a time when our stockholders want to sell their holdings.

The
market price of our common stock is volatile
 and this volatility may continue. For instance
 between July&nbsp;1
 2008 and March&nbsp;31
2016
 the price of our common stock
 as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on which our common stock has traded
 ranged

 which
is attributable to various events including
 but not limited to the melamine contamination incident
 the prematurity event and
the worldwide market disruption
 numerous factors
 many of which are beyond our control
 may cause the market price of our common
stock to fluctuate significantly.


the price and trading volume for our common stock may be highly volatile for specific business reasons. Factors such as variations
in our revenues
 earnings and cash flow
 announcements of new investments
 cooperation arrangements or acquisitions
 and fluctuations
in market prices for our products could cause the market price for our shares to change substantially. In addition
 our stock price
may be impacted by the performance
 reputation
 or stock prices of other Chinese companies that are listed in the United States.


instituted against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. This type of litigation could result in substantial
costs to us and divert our management&rsquo;s attention and resources.


will also be influenced by research or reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If one or
more analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock
 the market price for our common stock would likely decline. If one or more
of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us
 we could lose visibility in the financial markets
which
 in turn
 could cause the market price for our common stock or trading volume to decline.


 securities markets may from
time to time experience significant price and volume fluctuations for reasons unrelated to operating performance of particular
companies. These market fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our common stock and other interests in our company at a
time when our stockholders want to sell their interest in us.

Although publicly traded
 the trading market
in our common stock has been substantially less liquid than the common stock of many companies quoted on the NASDAQ Global Select
Market
 and this low trading volume may adversely affect the price of our common stock.

Although
our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market
 the trading volume of our common stock has generally been very low.
Reported average daily trading volume in our common stock for the twelve month period ended March&nbsp;31
 2016 was approximately
88

difficult for our stockholders to sell their shares of common stock at a price that is attractive to them.


    
    


Provisions in our charter documents and under
Delaware law could discourage a change-of-control that our stockholders may consider favorable.


of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. These
provisions include the following:


our board of directors is divided into three classes
 with approximately one-third of our directors elected each year;


our board of directors has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors
or the resignation
 death or removal of a director
 which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board
of directors;





we have adopted provisions that eliminate the personal liability of directors for monetary damages for actions taken as a director
with certain exceptions; and


our board of directors may issue
 without stockholder approval
 shares of undesignated preferred stock
 which makes it possible
for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of
any attempt to acquire us.


 we are also subject
to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law
 a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any
holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or
 among other things
 the board
of directors has approved the transaction. Our board of directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition
of us.








Beijing with approximately 45
500 square meters of leased office space and with 31
300 square meters of leased land as our management
marketing
 and research and development headquarters. Our processing and packaging facilities are located in various locations
in China
 including Qingdao
 Fengzhen and Zhenglanqi. These facilities encompass approximately 106
000 square meters of office
plant
 and warehouse space. Our distribution center located in Qingdao includes approximately 25
000 square meters of owned office
space. All of our production facilities are built based on the good manufacturing practices standard
 and all of our facilities
that have commenced operation have ISO9000 and HACCP series qualifications with some also being ISO14000 certified.


 we are
building a drying facility in Carhaix
 France. See &ldquo;Item 7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations&mdash;Liquidity and Capital Resources&rdquo; for details.


    
    



with respect to our production
 processing and packaging facilities.



    
    
    
    
    
    
of March&nbsp;31

    
    
    
    
Property
    Right

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Carhaix
 France
    
Not finished
    yet
    
    

    
    

    
    
Qingdao
 Shandong
    
78
000
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
75
000
    
    
    
    

    
    
Fengzhen
 Inner Mongolia
    
3
800
    
    
    
    

    
    
Zhenglanqi
 Inner Mongolia
    
9
000
    
    
    
    

    
    
Qingdao
 Shandong
    
1
700
    
    
    
    



Individuals and companies are permitted to acquire land use rights for specific purposes and for limited periods. Each period may
be renewed at the expiration of the initial and any subsequent terms. Granted land use rights are transferable and may be used
as security for borrowings and other obligations.




 2016
 we were not
involved in any legal proceedings that we believe will have the potential for a materially adverse impact on our business
financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows. We are subject to legal proceedings and claims which arise in the
ordinary course of business. Claims have been made against us from time to time
 and we intend to contest each lawsuit vigorously.






    
    




ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES




NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol &ldquo;SYUT&rdquo; since November&nbsp;8
 2007. Our common stock was previously quoted
on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board under the trading symbol &ldquo;SYUT.OB&rdquo; until April&nbsp;11
 2007. On April&nbsp;12
2007
 our common stock was listed on the NASDAQ Global Market and subsequently approved for listing on the NASDAQ Global Select
Market on November&nbsp;8
 2007.


prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and may not represent actual transactions.



    
    
    Market&nbsp;Price&nbsp;per&nbsp;Share

    
    
    


 2015
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2016
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


As

 2016
 we had 15 registered stockholders of our common stock on record. This number does not include shares
held by brokerage clearing houses
 depositories or otherwise in unregistered form or shares held by a custodian for the
benefit of our employees.




on shares of our common stock. We intend to retain any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business
 and
we do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future.


However
 PRC regulations restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to make dividends and other payments to their offshore parent
company. PRC legal restrictions permit payments of dividend by our PRC subsidiaries only out of their accumulated after-tax profits
if any
 determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Each of our PRC subsidiaries is also required
under PRC laws and regulations to allocate at least 10% of our annual after-tax profits determined in accordance with PRC GAAP
to a statutory general reserve fund until the amounts in such fund reaches 50% of our registered capital. Allocations to these
statutory reserve funds can only be used for specific purposes and are not transferable to us in the form of loans
 advances or
cash dividends. In addition
 there are restrictions on the distribution of share capital from our PRC subsidiaries. As


    
    

of
March&nbsp;31
 2016
 the common stock
 additional paid-in capital and statutory reserve of PRC subsidiaries were RMB1

million
 which were equivalent to $156.2 million using the exchange rate as of March&nbsp;31
 2016.


issuance under our equity compensation plans
 see &ldquo;Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters.&rdquo;







with respect to purchases made by or on behalf of our company or any &ldquo;affiliated purchaser&rdquo; (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3)
under the Exchange Act) of our common stock during the three months ended March 31
 2016.


In thousands
    except per share data
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Total
    Number of&nbsp;Shares&nbsp;
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

January 1
 2016
    &ndash; January 15
 2016
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
16
989
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



On September 10
 2015
 our board of directors approved
                                         a share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to an aggregate amount of
                                         $20
000
000 of our common stock from time to time through September 10
 2016. Under this
                                         repurchase program
 shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated and/or open market
                                         transactions
 including under plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act.
                                         Following the approval
 we entered into a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan under the Exchange
                                         Act permitting open market repurchases of our common stock based on certain triggers
                                         described in the trading plan. During fiscal year 2016
 we repurchased 610
000 shares
                                         of our common stock under the Rule 10b5-1 trading plan at an aggregate cost of $3.0 million
                                         which was paid for through cash on hand. The share repurchase program had automatically
                                         terminated due to our public announcement of receiving a nonbinding proposal letter
                                         dated January14
 2016
 from Mr. Liang Zhang
 our chairman and CEO
 and an affiliated
                                         entity of his
 proposing a &ldquo;going-private&rdquo; transaction.





sheets data as of March 31
 2016 and 2015
 and selected consolidated statements of operations data for the fiscal years 2016
 2015
and 2014 are derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The financial data
for the remaining years are derived from audited consolidated financial statements which are not included in this Form 10-K. The
results of operations for past accounting periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any future accounting
period.


read in conjunction with
 and are qualified in their entirety by reference to &ldquo;Item 7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
&rdquo; and our consolidated financial statements and related notes included
elsewhere in this Form 10-K.



    
Fiscal
    Year Ended March&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(in thousands except earnings
    per share data)

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
365
039
413
941
370
534
265
770
342
539

    
188
215
224
387
217
027
171
211
201
618

    
176
824
189
554
153
507
94
559
140
921

    
51
289
57
797
53
710
51
005
49
628

    
43
137
40
027
32
912
35
176
30
035

    
27
740
27
994
25
506
30
220
23
948

    
    
5
845
1
040
    
    

    
    
15
294
    
3
625
    

    
8
810
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
4
217
5
484

    
46
494
73
740
41
630
(14
000
42
794

    
16
362
16
033
16
162
15
018
14
276

    
8
776
7
608
4
658
2
326
1
870


 net
(12
225
3
242
1
934
    
    


 net
    
    
(1
582
    
    


    
    




    
Fiscal
    Year Ended March&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
26
415
67
582
30
478
(27
035
30
534

    
5
454
(4
449
    
37
186
13
510

    
20
961
72
031
30
348
(64
221
17
024

    
    
2
498
    
    
    

    
20
236
69
533
30
929
(63
888
16
737

    
    
    
    
    
    




    
As
    of March&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(in thousands except earnings
    per share data)

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
102
667
85
171
90
915
79
050
64
793

    
16
800
(3
956
(25
010
(40
006
10
565

    
98
360
87
754
83
986
87
707
75
499

    
817
097
664
885
550
683
476
144
447
913

    
95
175
145
639
115
917
127
449
86
614

    
95
504
130
426
91
505
82
663
40
831

    
315
512
144
627
160
533
102
164
92
745

    
7
315
7
806
7
898
7
848
4
726

    
335
100
163
490
179
161
120
476
104
243

    
136
800
114
569
61
256
29
207
97
092


ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following discussion and analysis of
our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and
related notes that appear elsewhere in this Form 10-K. In addition to historical consolidated financial information
 the following
discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans
 estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially
from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those
discussed below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K
 particularly in &ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors.&rdquo;



We
are a leading infant formula company in China. We principally engage in the production
 distribution and sale of dairy based nutritional
products under the &ldquo;Shengyuan&rdquo; or &ldquo;Synutra&rdquo; line of brands in the PRC. We focus on selling powdered formula
products for infants and adults
 and also engage in other nutritional product offerings
 such as prepared foods and certain nutritional
supplements. We sell most of our products through an extensive nationwide sales and distribution network covering all provinces
and provincial-level municipalities in mainland China. As of March&nbsp;31
 2016

distributors and over 290 independent sub-distributors who sell our products in approximately 24
000 retail outlets.


    
    





 includes the sale of powdered infant and adult formula products
 with major brands including Super
My Angel and Dutch Cow
 liquid milk product under the brand of Dutch Cow introduced in fiscal year 2016
 and prepared foods under
the brand of Huiliduo;


 includes the production and sale of nutritional supplements such as chondroitin sulfate to third
parties
 and microencapsulated DHA and ARA to the nutritional food segment for use in powdered formula production; and


 includes non-core businesses such as ancillary sales of excess or unusable ingredients and materials
to industrial customers
 providing genetic diagnostic services for new born babies
 and sales of cosmetics to pregnant women.




Gold Mining Strategy
 which improved our management of distributors and stores with regard to both inventories and expenses
 as
more fully described in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2014
 we continued to execute the same management philosophy
in fiscal years 2015 and 2016. We continued to focus on the productivity of our stores
 promoters and sales staff
and to continue to build our brand through direct communication with consumers via our promoters
 rather than through mass market
advertisements or promotional campaigns.

Based
on this philosophy
 we launched the Kangaroo program in fiscal year 2015
 to enable our in-store promoters to better serve
our consumers through our membership royalty program. Promoters&rsquo; compensation was previously solely based on the commission
they received on the sales in the stores where they worked and only during the hours they worked. Under the Kangaroo program

 regardless of
where and when sales occur
 which encouraged promoters to maintain an accurate and updated list of their members in our central
database. Using our self-developed sales management mobile application &ldquo;Treasure in Hand
&rdquo; our promoters can
manage mobile communications with their members
 including calls
 text messages and WeChat messages (the dominant mobile
communication application in China) with one APP
 focusing on the particular community-based WeChat
group communications


we launched our WeChat based e-commerce platform &ldquo;Thumb Mall
&rdquo; or &ldquo;Mu Zhi Shang Cheng&rdquo; in Chinese.
We have placed our Super brand infant formula products
 DutchCow brand adult formula and liquid milk products
 and Precious Care
brand pregnancy cosmetic products on the Thumb Mall platform. We plan to expand its offerings to include more of our products.
If our member orders infant formula products from Thumb Mall
 she can enjoy special discounts only available to Kangaroo program
members and her nutritional consultant will receive commission. We intend to encourage the continuous shift from offline
stores to our own online platform
 which will enable us to further reduce physical retail outlets and the associated overhead.
The online program also enables us to recruit part-time
 online-only nutritional consultants who do not work in any store
and only get paid through commission from online sales
 which greatly expands the size of our field sales team without increasing
fixed overhead. By the end of fiscal year 2016
 sales through Thumb Mall had reached approximately 15% of total sales of
Super brand products
 and we had attracted approximately 10
000 part-time nutritional consultants into our program.


    
    



programs
 our sales growth in fiscal years 2014 and 2015 benefited from the success in several niche markets including
the specialty infant formula products
 the private label infant formula products
 and the premium adult formula products. However
in fiscal year 2016
 our efforts in these niches markets were shadowed by the regulatory uncertainty with regards
to production license from CFDA. We were unable to renew the production license for subscription grade specialty formula products
in fiscal year 2016 as CFDA was in the process of designing the standards for specialty formula production
 and
sales under this category were limited to over the counter type of specialty formula. CFDA will announce the new specialty formula
production standard on July 1
 2016 and we plan to apply accordingly
 which is expected to enhance our sales in this category
in fiscal year 2017. In terms of the production license for the general infant formula products
 CFDA&rsquo;s currently
released draft measures indicate its intention to limit the number of brands/series that each factory can manufacture to
three. While we expect to apply for production license for each of our Qingdao
 Mengyuan and Carhaix facilities
 we may need to
cease some of our smaller brands if the current draft gets implemented by CFDA
 which may adversely impact our sales in
fiscal year 2017. It remains uncertain
 however
 whether and when CFDA will enact or strictly enforce the proposed restrictive
measures on brands.


as described in more details else where in this Form 10-K. This project includes spray-drying capacity of 45
000 tons for
whole milk powder
 and 45
000 tons for high oil whey protein powder. It also includes 90
000 tons of dry-mixing and canning capacity
for canned powdered formula products
 based on 24/24 production. Currently we plan to run an 8 hour daytime shift
 entailing
30
000 tons capacity at the commencement of operation at the Carhaix project. Total fixed asset budget for this project is
estimated to be &euro;173 million
 an increase of 7% from the &euro;161&nbsp;million approved previously
by our board of directors. Including pre-opening expenses and capitalized interest
 the total budget for this project is
estimated to be &euro;198 million. We do not expect to have any further material increases to the budget or expansion of
the facility&rsquo;s capacities or functions. The increase in fixed asset budget is mainly due to a delay of six months caused
by the prolonged testing and adjustment of one type of key equipments at our spray-drying towers. While we initially expected
to begin trial operations of the drying towers in the fourth quarter of 2015 and formal operations in
the first quarter of 2016
 we have commenced trial operation in June 2016 and expect to begin formal operation in
July 2016. We expect to receive production permits or certifications from the related French authorities and CFDA soon after we
begin formal operation and we plan to import our 100% French-produced infant formula into the Chinese market beginning
in the third quarter of 2016.

On

 2016
 our board of directors received a preliminary non-binding proposal letter from Mr. Liang Zhang
 our chairman
and chief executive officer
 and an affiliated entity of his
 which together with Mr. Zhang comprised the buyer group at the time
to acquire all of our outstanding common stock not already owned by the buyer group in a going-private transaction for $5.91 in
cash per share. On January 21
 2016
 our board of directors formed a special committee
 consisting solely of independent directors
to consider the proposed going-private transaction and to negotiate with the buyer group
 while considering other strategic options
available to us. On January 30
 2016
 the special committee received a
letter from the buyer group led by Mr. Zhang
 stating
 among other things
 that such buyer group would not proceed with the proposed
going-private transactions unless approved by the special committee. Our share repurchase program approved on September 10
 2015 had automatically terminated due to our public announcement
of receiving such non-binding proposal letter. There can be no assurance that any definitive offer will be made
 that any agreement
will be executed or that a transaction with the buyer group or any other transaction will be approved or consummated. See


    
    



to Our Business&mdash;The consummation of the proposed going-private transaction is uncertain
 and the announcement and pendency
of such transaction could adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition.&rdquo;




by the following factors:




to a greater acceptance by consumers in China of and desire for higher-priced products with perceived quality advantages associated
with such products. Thus
 we believe that infant formula producers with a reputation for quality and safety should be able to command
higher average selling prices and thereby generate higher gross margins than competitors that do not possess the same perceived
reputation for quality and safety. Conversely
 any decrease in consumer perceptions of quality and safety could adversely impact
such producers&rsquo; sales and gross margins
 even if the perception is from misinformation or disinformation. Moreover
 a decrease
in the quality and safety of any particular product could trigger wider negative perception of the decrease in the quality and
safety of all producers
 thereby affecting the industry generally. For example
 the melamine contamination incident had resulted
in a significant reduction in the sales of a number of major dairy product companies in China
 including us
 and the prematurity
event resulted in a significant decline in our sales. If a future market crisis involving any of our products should occur
 especially
if management failed to respond to such crisis in a timely and effective manner
 our brand recognition and reputation could be
severely damaged
 which could adversely affect our results of operations. See &ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors&mdash;Risks Related
to Our Business&mdash;We are highly dependent upon consumers&rsquo; perception of the safety and quality of our products. Any ill
effects
 product liability claims
 recalls
 adverse publicity or negative public perception regarding particular ingredients or
products or our industry in general could harm our reputation
 damage our brand and adversely affect our results of operations.&rdquo;




 there has been growing demand
in China for premium infant formula products due to increasing consumer awareness of brand image and nutritional value of the products
offered by leading producers. Although the market is still highly competitive
 we believe that companies with strong national brands
and customer loyalty will increasingly capture market share from regional brands with less brand recognition. Moreover
 we believe
brand recognition and customer loyalty are predominantly influenced by customer perceptions of the quality and safety of branded
products. We believe the melamine contamination incident involving 22 infant formula producers has increased the importance of
consumer perception of quality and safety and the need to maintain and increase brand recognition and customer loyalty.




expected to grow significantly
 competition is intense. We face significant competition from domestic and multinational producers.
A small number of multinational players enjoy significant market share in China
 particularly in the more affluent major urban
areas
 based on greater brand name recognition among Chinese consumers. In addition
 competition from domestic producers has become
more intense in recent years
 especially from large national milk companies
 such as Yili
 Yashili
 Beingmate and Feihe
 which
have entered the infant formula market.


    
    



products for the infant formula market in China. By leveraging our focused marketing strategy
 our brand name and our sales and
marketing infrastructure
 we have been able to sell infant formula products to consumers in China&rsquo;s small to mid-size cities
and rural areas and aside from the prematurity event
 had been perceived to deliver premium quality that justifies our premium
prices.




 and is expected to
remain
 our primary product. Due to rising economic affluence in China
 infant formula products have become more affordable
 resulting
in the rapid growth of the overall market for infant formula in China. Despite the recent rapid growth
 we believe much of the
market is still underserved with respect to infant formula. We believe this growth in demand will help drive sales for many PRC
infant formula producers
 but companies with strong brand loyalty and extensive distribution networks in China will have greater
ability to capitalize on such growth as well as to increase prices and pass on higher raw material costs to customers. This can
be accomplished through launching higher-priced new infant formula product lines or re-launching older product lines with higher
prices and improved product features.




are subject to the supply and price volatility of milk powder
 whey powder and other raw materials
 which are affected by the PRC
and global markets. Increases in the price of milk powder and whey powder would negatively impact our gross margins if we are not
able to offset such price increases through increases in our selling price or change in product mix. See &ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors&mdash;Risks
Related to Our Business&mdash;Our results of operations may be affected by fluctuations in availability and price of raw materials.&rdquo;




distribution network
 our consumer education programs and customer relation services to market and sell our products. We spent
aggressively on advertising and promotions to rebuild our brand image and to recover customers and market share after the prematurity
event. As our market share has stabilized
 we reduced our spending on advertising and promotion
 and refocused our efforts to achieve
effective market pull-through with new customers by supporting increased activities on the consumer-end and beyond the distribution
channels by our field promoters in the communities. For example
 we trained our in-store promoters to approach potential consumers
more proactively
 including conducting more home visits
 phone communications and educational programs. We do not expect significant
increase in advertising and promotion expenses in near future.




 the United
States
 Hong Kong
 Netherlands
 Korea
 and France. Income taxes of our subsidiaries are calculated in accordance with taxation
principles currently effective in the PRC. For Synutra Illinois and Synutra Delaware
 applicable U.S. tax laws are followed. For
Synutra HK
 Unisono B.V.
 Korea Jintao Co.
 Ltd Incorporated and Synutra France International SAS
 applicable local tax laws are
followed.


    
    



statutory tax rate of 25% under the EIT Law
 except for Meitek
 which enjoys a preferential tax rate of 15% as a high-new technology
company. The impact of the preferential tax treatment decreased income taxes by $0.3 million
 $0.8&nbsp;million and nil for the
fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. The benefit of the tax preferential treatment on basic and diluted earnings (loss)
per share was $0.01
 $0.01 and nil for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.


receive from our PRC operating subsidiaries described above. The EIT Law and its implementing rules generally provide that a 10%
withholding tax applies to China-sourced income derived by non-resident enterprises for PRC enterprise income tax purposes. We
expect that such 10% withholding tax will apply to dividends paid to us by our PRC subsidiaries but this treatment will depend
on our status as a non-resident enterprise. For detailed discussion of PRC tax issues related to resident enterprise status
 see
&ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors&mdash;Risks Related to Doing Business in China&mdash;Under China&rsquo;s Enterprise Income Tax Law
or the EIT Law
 we may be classified as a &lsquo;resident enterprise&rsquo; of China. This classification could result in unfavorable
tax consequences to us and our non-PRC stockholders.&rdquo;


tax returns and we do not file a consolidated tax return.




with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management periodically evaluates the estimates and
judgments made. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various factors that are believed
to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates as a result of different assumptions
or conditions.


more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements.




rewards for the products are transferred to the customer
 price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured.
Most of our nutritional food sales are made through distributors. Under the distributor arrangement
 evidenced by purchase order
revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the distributors. For sales of My Angel series powdered
formula products
 which is directly sold to baby stores
 the revenue recognition is similar to that of distributor sales
 and the
revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the baby stores. For sales of the powdered formula products
directly through certain supermarket retailers
 who have a right of return clause
 the revenue is recognized until the supermarkets
have paid us as the sale return by these supermarket retailers cannot be reasonably estimated. For sales to a limited number of
distributors from whom collectability is not reasonably assured
 revenue is recognized when we received payments.


primarily comprised of rebates and discounts to distributors and retailers
 which are reported as a reduction of revenue. We provide
discounts or rebates to customers in the following ways:


    
    



We offer product discounts to compensate certain distributors and supermarket retailers for promotional expenses and slotting
fees paid by them. These product discounts are recognized when incurred as a reduction to gross revenue.


We offer rebates to a few distributors and supermarket retailers as sales incentives. These sale rebates are typically determined
based on a percentage of sales after attaining certain amount of orders relating to specific products by the distributors and supermarket
retailers. We recognized a liability for the sales rebates at the time at which the related revenue is recognized by us
 based
on the specific terms in each agreement and the expected sales of each distributor or supermarket retailer.

We
use a customer loyalty program administrated by a third party
 the program operator
 to conduct its promotional activities. In
connection with a current revenue transaction of specific products
 we offer to the customer award points which can be exchanged
for free products that will be delivered by the program operator
 at a future date at the customer&rsquo;s request. The value of the
award is insignificant in relation to the value of the transactions necessary to earn the awards under other current liabilities
in the consolidated balance sheets
 which was amounted to nil

2016
 2015 and 2014. We record a liability for the estimated cost of the award products. The related cost is recorded under Advertising
and promotion expenses in the consolidated statement of operations
 which was amounted to $4.1 million
 $3.7&nbsp;million and $3.2&nbsp;million
for the fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.




primarily based on the age of receivables and factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers. An estimate for doubtful
accounts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. We perform a risk assessment for each customer
 and
provide specific allowance for those deemed to have a high risk of uncollectibility. We also record a provision for other customers
without specific risks based on a review of the receivables aging and our historical experience. Bad debts are written off as incurred.




or market. The valuation of inventory requires us to estimate excess and slow moving inventory. The determination of the value
of excess and slow moving inventory is based upon assumptions of future demands and market conditions. If actual market conditions
are less favorable than those projected by management
 inventory write-downs may be required. We routinely evaluate quantities
and value of our inventories in light of current market conditions and market trends. We record write-downs against the cost of
inventories for a decline in market
 which establishes a new cost basis for inventory. In estimating obsolescence
 we utilize our
backlog information and forecasts of future demand. Market conditions are subject to change and actual consumption of inventories
could differ materially from forecasted demand. Furthermore
 the price of milk powder is subject to fluctuations based on global
supply and demand. If actual market conditions are less favorable or other factors arise that are significantly different from
those anticipated by management
 additional inventory write-downs or increases in obsolescence reserves may be required.


    
    





using the asset and liability approach of accounting for income taxes. Under this approach
 deferred taxes represent the future
tax consequences expected to occur when the reported amounts of assets and liabilities are recovered or paid. The provision for
income taxes represents income taxes paid or payable for the current year plus the change in deferred taxes during the year. Deferred
taxes result from differences between the financial and tax bases of our assets and liabilities and are adjusted for changes in
tax rates and tax laws when changes are enacted. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more
likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. The assessment of whether or not a valuation allowance is required often
requires significant judgment including the long-range forecast of future taxable income and the evaluation of tax planning initiatives.
Adjustments to the deferred tax valuation allowances are made to earnings in the period when such assessments are made.


 statutory
tax rates and tax planning opportunities available in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. For interim financial reporting
we estimate the annual tax rate based on projected taxable income for the full year and record a quarterly income tax provision
in accordance with the anticipated annual rate. As the year progresses
 we refine the estimates of the year&rsquo;s taxable income
as new information becomes available
 including year-to-date financial results. This continual estimation process often results
in a change to our expected effective tax rate for the year. When this occurs
 we adjust the income tax provision during the quarter
in which the change in estimate occurs so that the year-to-date provision reflects the expected annual tax rate. Significant judgment
is required in determining our effective tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions.

We
recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the
tax basis of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets represent items to be used as a tax deduction or credit in future tax
returns for which we have already properly recorded the tax benefit in the income statement. At least quarterly
 we assess the
likelihood that the deferred tax asset balance will be recovered from future taxable income. We consider positive and negative
evidence when determining whether a portion or all of our deferred tax assets will more likely than not be realized. We take into
account such factors as prior earnings history
 expected future earnings
 carry-back and carry-forward periods
 the duration of
statutory carry forward periods and tax strategies that could potentially enhance the likelihood of a realization of a deferred
tax asset. To the extent recovery is unlikely
 a valuation allowance is established against the deferred tax asset and increasing
our income tax expense in the year such determination is made. As of March&nbsp;31
 2016

million. We accrued a valuation allowance of $7.4&nbsp;million since it is more likely than not that the relative operating loss
will not be utilized before expiration. Tax benefits relating to future reversals of the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets
if any
 will be recognized as a reduction of income tax expense.


with respect to each foreign tax jurisdiction in which we operate to determine whether foreign earnings will be indefinitely reinvested
offshore and
 accordingly
 whether U.S. income taxes should be provided when such earnings are recorded. As of March&nbsp;31
 2016
we believed all earnings generated in China
 Hong Kong
 Netherlands
 Korea and France would be indefinitely reinvested and as a
result
 we did not record any income taxes on such earnings.


uncertain tax position when
 in our judgment
 it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination by
a taxing authority. For a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold
 we initially and subsequently
measure the tax


    
    



have a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority. Our liability associated
with unrecognized tax benefits is adjusted periodically due to changing circumstances
 such as the progress of tax audits
 case
law developments and new or emerging legislation. Such adjustments are recognized entirely in the period in which they are identified.
Our effective tax rate includes the net impact of changes in the liability for unrecognized tax benefits and subsequent adjustments
as considered appropriate by management. As of March&nbsp;31
 2016
 we had recorded liabilities of $0.2&nbsp;million under other
long term liabilities.


on the liability for unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. For the fiscal year ended March&nbsp;31
 2016
 the unrecognized
tax benefit did not change significantly and the amount of interest and penalties related to uncertain tax position is immaterial.




whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable.
Factors that we consider in deciding when to perform an impairment review include
 but are not limited to significant under-performance
of a business or product line in relation to expectations
 and significant changes or planned changes in the use of the assets.
An impairment analysis is performed at the lower level of identifiable independent cash flows for an asset or asset group. We assess
the recoverability of long-lived assets by comparing the carrying amount of the asset group to the estimate of the related total
future undiscounted cash flow. If an asset group&rsquo;s carrying value is not recoverable through the related undiscounted cash
flows
 the impairment loss is measured by comparing the difference between the asset group&rsquo;s carrying value and its fair
value.


estimates and assumptions that management believed to be reasonable
 the result of which form the basis for our conclusions. While
the current analysis suggested that no impairment was recognized
 significant changes to these estimates and assumptions could
adversely impact our conclusion to these impairment tests. We will continue to closely monitor our financial performance and projections
for the asset groups and the economic conditions of the product end markets. Any significant change in market conditions and estimates
of judgments could give rise to impairment in the period that the change becomes known.


assets and intangible assets of nil
 $5.8 million and $1.0 million for the fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

In
the fiscal year 2015
 we recognized an impairment charge on the prepared food equipment assets of Inner Mongolia Huiliduo of $4.7
million as well as on the Huilido brand of $0.3 million
 as a result of the continuous operating losses
 slowing market development

 the impairment loss of $0.8&nbsp;million
was recognized for the Ausmeadow brand due to the lower operating performance than our previous expectations.


fiscal year 2014 was related to the prepared food as a result of the operating loss and negative operating cash flow.


    
    




Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31
 2016 Compared to Fiscal
Year Ended March&nbsp;31
 2015


of operations for the fiscal years 2016 and 2015:



    
Fiscal
    Years Ended March&nbsp;31

    

(In thousands
 except per
    share data)
    
    
%
    Change

    
365
039
413
941
    

    
328
632
386
807
    

    
188
215
224
387
    

    
153
130
198
572
    

    
176
824
189
554
    

    
175
502
188
235
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
46
494
73
740
    


 net
7
586
8
425
    

    
26
415
67
582
    

    
5
454
(4
449
    

    
    
    
    

    
20
961
72
031
    

    
20
236
69
533
    

    
57
083
57
301
    

    
    
    
    






in the table below:



    
Fiscal
    Years Ended March&nbsp;31

    
%
    Change in

(In thousands
 except percentage
    data)
    
    
%
    Change
    
    

    
328
632
386
807
    
    
    

    
27
742
18
516
    
    
    

    
8
665
8
618
    
    
    

    
365
039
413
941
    
    
    


Net
sales of our nutritional food segment mainly include powdered formula products for infants

in net sales of our nutritional food segment was mainly due to the following factors:


The
                                         sales volume of nutritional food products for the fiscal year 2016 was 26
210 tons
 as
                                         compared to 28
342 tons for the prior fiscal year. The decrease was primarily due to
                                         decreased sales of Super series as we face increased competition in our traditional channels.
                                         We also faced lower sales in some niche markets such as specialty formula products due
                                         to regulatory uncertainties with regards to production license from CFDA.


    
    



The
                                         average selling price of our nutritional food products for the fiscal year 2016 was $12
538
                                         per ton
 compared to $13
648 per ton for the prior fiscal year. Average selling price
                                         is calculated as net sales
 after deducting sales discounts and rebates
 divided by sales
                                         volume. The decrease was mainly due to change of product mix from higher priced
                                         products such as Super series and specialty formula products to lower priced products
                                         such as adult formula
 My Angel series and private label products
 coupled by
                                         a negative impact from exchange rate changes.


the amount of free products provided to customers
 which is recorded as cost of sales in the period.

The
product mix in the nutritional supplement segment mainly consists of external sales of chondroitin sulfate materials to international

products had gained more recognition from our customers
 and increased unit price as one major customer upgraded its order to higher
grade products.


sales of excess or unusable ingredients and materials to industrial customers
 such as whole milk powder and whey powder.




shown in the table below:



    
Fiscal
    Years Ended March&nbsp;31

    

(In thousands
 except percentage
    data)
    
    
%
    Change

    
153
130
198
572
    

    
26
376
16
808
    

    
8
709
9
007
    

    
188
215
224
387
    


The

in particular in whole milk powder prices
 and decreased sales volume.

The

sulfate.


was mainly due to the decreased sales volume of milk powder.





    
Fiscal
    Years Ended March&nbsp;31

    

(In thousands
 except percentage
    data)
    
    
%
    Change

    
176
824
189
554
    

    
175
502
188
235
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



    
    




to the lower raw material purchase costs
 partially offset by the decreased average selling price.





    
Fiscal
    Years Ended March&nbsp;31

    

(In thousands
 except percentage
    data)
    
    
%
    Change

    
51
289
57
797
    

    
43
137
40
027
    

    
10
323
8
738
    

    
32
814
31
289
    

    
27
740
27
994
    

    
    
5
845
    

    
    
15
294
    

    
8
810
    
    

    
    
    
    








include compensation expenses for sales staff
 freight charges and travel expenses. The decrease was mainly due to decreased bonuses
for sales staff consistent with decreased sales
 and decreased depreciation expense as we fully depreciated personal data assistant
devices used in marketing activities in fiscal year 2015.


expenses paid to television stations and e-commerce providers. We believe the influence from traditional televised advertising
has diminished recently and as a result we have substantially reduced advertising on television and shifted our
advertising focus to e-commerce providers
 mostly for Super and Dutch Cow products
 which primarily contributed to the
increase in advertising expenses. Promotion expenses primarily include promotional products provided to end customers
 and service
charges for our consumer loyalty program administered by a third party. Based on our brand positioning
 we believe direct communication
with end customers is a more cost-effective way to market our products compared to mass media advertising. As a result
 we have
begun to allocate more resources to such promotional activities.


include salaries for staff and management
 depreciation
 office rental
 office supplies and bad debt expense.

In
September 2012
 we entered into a 10-year milk supply agreement with Sodiaal in connection with the French project.
Under the terms of this supply agreement
 we are committed to purchasing a fixed volume of raw milk from
Sodiaal on a monthly basis. If there is a shortfall between our actual purchases and the contractual amount
 we would
be liable for a cash compensation to Sodiaal
 which is determined as the difference between the milk purchase prices to be
paid 


 Sodiaal
consented to the delay of the French project caused primarily by government actions
 and waived the right for
contractual compensation since January 2015. In


    
    



 we and
Sodiaal entered into an amendment to the original 10-year milk supply agreement
 pursuant to which we are obligated
to purchase milk from Sodiaal beginning from January 2016. Should we fail to take delivery of the volumes agreed
in the contract
 we would be obligated to pay the compensation to Sodiaal based on the terms set out in the original
agreement.


construction of our French drying facility was delayed
 we expect to begin formal operation of the French project in July
2016. As a result of this delay
 we are liable for a total compensation of $5.0 million to Sodiaal for the period
from January to March 2016 as we failed to take delivery of raw milk supply as agreed. Starting April 2016
 we
started to take delivery under this contract and pretreated the raw milk into concentrated milk for third party's further
processing. Additionally
 as of March 31
 2016
 we recorded an estimated loss of $3.8 million resulting from this
purchase commitment.


of general purpose subsidies from local governments.





    
Fiscal
    Years Ended March&nbsp;31

    

(In thousands
 except percentage
    data)
    
    
%
    Change

    
16
362
16
033
    

    
8
776
7
608
    


The

 partially offset by decreased interest
rate. There was $4.6&nbsp;million interest expense capitalized for the French Project in fiscal year 2016.


to an increase in average restricted cash balance
 which earned a higher interest rate than cash and cash equivalents.



Income

 deferred
tax benefit of $7.3 million and the release of uncertain tax benefit of $1.3 million. The effective tax rate of fiscal year 2016
was 20.6%
 mainly due to the effect from profit and income tax expense of our PRC subsidiaries with statuary income tax rate of
25%
 and loss and income tax benefit of our French subsidiary with statuary income tax rate of 33.3%.

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling
Interest


interest represents the 30% interest held by third parties in Meitek
 a 70% owned subsidiary
 and 35% interest held by third parties
in Precious Care. The increase of net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest was mainly contributed by the better
financial performance of Meitek.


    
    




As
a result of the foregoing

 compared
to a net income attributable to common stockholders of $69.5&nbsp;million for fiscal year 2015.

Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31
 2015 Compared to Fiscal
Year Ended March&nbsp;31
 2014


results of operations for the fiscal years 2015 and 2014:



    
Fiscal
    Years Ended March&nbsp;31

    

(In thousands
 except per share
    data)
    
    
%
    Change

    
413
941
370
534
    

    
386
807
314
459
    

    
224
387
217
027
    

    
198
572
158
765
    

    
189
554
153
507
    

    
188
235
155
694
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
73
740
41
630
    


 net
8
425
11
504
    

    
67
582
30
478
    

    
(4
449
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
72
031
30
348
    

    
69
533
30
929
    

    
57
301
57
301
    

    
    
    
    










in the table below:



    
Fiscal
    Years Ended March&nbsp;31

    
%
    Change in

(In thousands
 except percentage
    data)
    
    
%
    Change
    
    

    
386
807
314
459
    
    
    

    
18
516
21
987
    
    
    

    
8
618
34
088
    
    
    

    
413
941
370
534
    
    
    



powdered formula products for infants
 children and adults
 and prepared food. The increase in net sales of our nutritional food
products was mainly due to the following factors:


    
    



The sales volume of nutritional food products for the fiscal year 2015 was 28
342 tons
 as compared to 24
179 tons for the
prior fiscal year
 primarily due to the successful implementation and positive impact of our Kangaroo program which emphasizes
our focus on customer care.


The average selling price of our nutritional food products for the fiscal year 2015 was $13
648 per ton
 compared to $13
005
per ton for the prior fiscal year. Average selling price is calculated as net sales
 after deducting sales discounts and rebates
divided by sales volume. The increase in average selling price was mainly due to our ability to better control discounts and rebates
which we provided to offset a portion of the marketing and promotional expenditure incurred at retail outlets
 as a result of the
continued positive impact of our Gold Mining Strategy.


the amount of free products provided to customers
 which is recorded as cost of sales in the period.


segment is mainly comprised of external sales of chondroitin sulfate materials to international pharmaceutical companies. In the
quarter ended June&nbsp;30
 2014
 we temporarily suspending delivery due to the significant increase in prices of raw materials
which led to the volume decrease in fiscal year 2015&rsquo;s net sales. We have successfully renegotiated the selling price
 and
continue to export to pharmaceutical companies afterwards.


sales of excess or unusable ingredients and materials to industrial customers. The 75% decrease in sales of our other business
compared to the prior fiscal year was mainly due to the decreased sales volume of milk powder.




shown in the table below:



    
Fiscal
    Years Ended March&nbsp;31

    

(In thousands
 except percentage
    data)
    
    
%
    Change

    
198
572
185
765
    

    
16
808
24
646
    

    
9
007
33
616
    

    
224
387
217
027
    



food segment was mainly due to increased sales volume.


supplement segment was mainly due to the decreased sales volume of chondroitin sulfate to certain international pharmaceutical
companies as discussed above under &ldquo;&mdash;Net Sales.&rdquo;


was mainly due to the decreased sales volume of milk powder.


    
    






    
Fiscal
    Years Ended March&nbsp;31

    

(In thousands
 except percentage
    data)
    
    
%
    Change

    
189
554
153
507
    

    
188
235
155
694
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



to the increase in contribution to total revenue from the nutritional food segment which has higher margins than the other two
segments.





    
Fiscal
    Years Ended

    

(In thousands
 except percentage
    data)
    
    
%
    Change

    
57
797
53
710
    

    
40
027
32
912
    

    
8
738
6
055
    

    
31
289
26
857
    

    
27
994
25
506
    

    
5
845
1
040
    

    
15
294
    
    

    
    
    
    








include compensation expenses for sales staff
 freight charges and travel expenses. The increase in selling and distribution expenses
was mainly due to the increase in sales staff compensation.


expenses paid to television stations and e-commerce providers. We believe the influence from traditional televised advertising
has diminished recently and as a result we have substantially cut back advertising on television. Instead
 we have shifted our
advertising focus to e-commerce providers
 mostly for our specialty infant formula products with special nutritional focus
 which
was the main reason for the increase in advertising expenses. Promotion expenses primarily include promotional products provided
to end customers
 and service charges for our consumer loyalty program administered by a third party. Based on our brand positioning
we believe direct communication with end customers is a more cost effective way to market our products compared to mass media advertising.
As a result
 we now allocate more resources to such promotional activities. In the fiscal year 2014
 a local government provided
a subsidy of $4.7&nbsp;million which was recorded as deduction of promotion expenses
 as the subsidy was required to be for promotion
expense purposes. Promotion expenses remained stable after the deduction in fiscal year 2014.


include salaries for staff and management
 depreciation
 office rental
 office supplies and bad debt expense. The increase was
mainly due to less reversal of bad debt expense along with the collection of certain long-aging receivables in fiscal year 2015.


 we recognized an impairment
charge on the prepared food equipment assets of Inner Mongolia Huiliduo of $4.7&nbsp;million as well as on the Huiliduo brand of
$0.3 million
 as a result of the


    
    



 slow market development
and expected higher promotion expenditures to achieve meaningful sales. In addition
 during our annual impairment testing of indefinite
lived intangible assets
 the impairment loss of $0.8&nbsp;million was recognized for the Ausmeadow brand
 a minor brand under the
powdered formula business of our nutritional food segment which was acquired in 2012 at $1.2&nbsp;million and which represented
0.30% and 0.25% of Powdered Formula sales in fiscal 2014 and 2015
 respectively
 due to a lower business operating performance
than we previously expected. The impairment charge of $1.0&nbsp;million in fiscal year 2014 related to our prepared food as a result
of an operating loss and negative operating cash flow. No impairment charges were recognized during the fiscal year 2013.


gain on the disposal of Zhangjiakou to a third party of $15.0&nbsp;million in the first quarter of fiscal 2015
 and of Beijing
Huiliduo to a third party of $0.3&nbsp;million in the second quarter of fiscal 2015. The $0.4&nbsp;million gain on disposal of
subsidiaries in fiscal year 2014 represented gain on the share transfer of a diagnostic subsidiary to a third party.





    
Fiscal
    Years Ended March&nbsp;31

    

(In thousands
 except percentage
    data)
    
    
%
    Change

    
16
033
16
162
    

    
7
608
4
658
    



mainly due to decreased average interest rates
 and a $1.8&nbsp;million interest expense capitalized for the French Project in
fiscal year 2015
 partially offset by an increase in loan balances
 and an increase in bank charges for opening standby letters
of credit.


to an increase in average restricted cash balance
 which earned a higher interest rate than cash and cash equivalents.




was composed of the current income tax expense of $7.1 million
 the change in net deferred tax assets from prior years of $11.3&nbsp;million
and the release of uncertain tax benefit of $0.2 million. As of March&nbsp;31
 2014
 full valuation allowance was recorded for
the deferred tax assets due to the uncertainties of the further taxable income. In consideration of the major subsidiary&rsquo;s continuous
operating income (such as Shengyuan Nutrition) and the level of projections for future taxable income
 the Company determined it
was more likely than not that the deferred tax assets of $12.6&nbsp;million would be utilized as such a tax benefit of $12.6&nbsp;million
resulted from the deferred tax assets being recognized as of March&nbsp;31
 2015. Furthermore in fiscal year 2015
 Shengyuan Nutrition
was able to utilize a net operating loss carryforward of approximately $7.6 million.

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling
Interest


interest represents the interest held by third parties in Meitek
 a 70% owned subsidiary
 and in Shanghai Precious Care Cosmetic
Co.
 Ltd.
 a 65% owned subsidiary incorporated in fiscal year 2015. The increase of net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling
interest was mainly contributed by the better financial performance of Meitek.


    
    




As
a result of the foregoing

 compared
to a net income attributable to common stockholders of $30.9&nbsp;million for fiscal year 2014.






hand
 cash from operations and available borrowings. Cash flows from operating activities represent the inflow of cash from our
customers and the outflow of cash for inventory purchases
 manufacturing
 operating expenses
 interest and taxes. Cash flows used
in investing activities primarily represent capital expenditures for equipment and buildings
 and restricted cash used as security
against letter of credits
 bank acceptance bills and short-term and long-term borrowings. Cash flows from financing activities
primarily represent proceeds and repayments of borrowings. In addition
 while we cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance
our short-term ban borrowings as they become due
 historically
 we have renewed or rolled over most of our bank loans after the
maturity date of the loans and we believe we will continue to be able to do so.

Cash

 2016
 of which $98.7&nbsp;million was held outside
of the United States.

On
September&nbsp;17
 2012
 we entered into a partnership framework agreement
 a milk supply agreement
 a whey supply agreement
a whey powder supply agreement
 and a technical assistance agreement with Sodiaal
 a French agricultural cooperative company
and/or Euros&eacute;rum
 a French subsidiary of Sodiaal
 as the case may be
 relating to a long-term industrial and commercial
partnership between Sodiaal and our company. Under these agreements
 we undertook to build a new drying facility in Carhaix
 France
for the manufacture of powdered milk and fat-enriched
 or high oil
 demineralized whey
 or the French Project. We committed to
purchase
 and Sodiaal and Euros&eacute;rum committed to sell
 288&nbsp;million liters of milk per year for ten years
 an amount
of whey equivalent to 24
000 tons of 70% demineralized pre-concentrated dry whey extract per year for ten years
 and 6
000 tons
of 70% demineralized whey powder per year
 or an equivalent quantity of liquid whey
 for ten years
 at market based prices at
the time of purchase
 to satisfy the production needs of the new drying facility. If we purchase less than the agreed amount
we would compensate Sodiaal or Euros&eacute;rum
 as the case may be
 for the loss suffered. We initially agreed to begin purchasing
raw milk from Sodiaal since January 2016; however
 the purchase plan has been delayed as we currently expect the new drying
facility to commence formal operation by the end of June 2016. Therefore
 we recorded $8.8 million loss related
to this contract. For details
 see note 17 to the financial statements.



 2015 and March 24
 2016
we entered into two purchase contracts under which we agreed to purchase UHT liquid milk from two suppliers in France
 including
one affiliate of Sodiaal
 from calendar year 2017 through calendar year 2027. The minimum amount of liquid milk products we agreed
to purchase is 85
500 tons in calendar year 2017
 and between 195
500 tons and 207
000 tons in years 2018 through 2027. We expect
to finance the purchases under these contracts with operating cash flow and trade financing arrangements
 and sell the products
in the Chinese market.


On
September&nbsp;10
 2015
 our board of directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to an aggregate
amount of $20
000
000 of our common stock from time to time through September&nbsp;10
 2016. Under this repurchase program
 shares
may be repurchased in privately negotiated and/or open market transactions
 including under plans complying with Rule&nbsp;10b5-1
under the Exchange Act. Following the approval
 we entered into a Rule&nbsp;10b5-1 trading plan under the Exchange Act permitting
open market repurchases of our common stock based on certain triggers described in the trading plan. During fiscal year 2016
 we

000 shares of our common stock under the Rule&nbsp;10b5-1 trading plan at an aggregate cost of $3.0&nbsp;million
which was paid for through cash on hand. The share repurchase program had automatically terminated due to our public announcement
of receiving a non-binding proposal letter



    
    



 2016
 from Mr.&nbsp;Liang Zhang
our chairman and chief executive officer
 and an affiliated entity of his
 proposing a &ldquo;going-private&rdquo; transaction.




 for the periods
indicated
 certain information relating to our cash flows:



    
Fiscal
    Year Ended March&nbsp;31



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
20
961
72
031
30
348

    
9
514
15
210
15
356

    
(1
360
(2
179
(3
193

    
8
762
9
682
6
487

    
(7
250
(11
300
    

    
    
(15
294
    

    
3
721
    
    

    
    
5
845
1
040

    
    
    
    

    
(4
756
(10
641
(3
481

    
29
662
62
529
46
225

    
(102
007
(123
306
(86
699

    
91
301
57
192
50
772

    
(1
460
(2
159
1
567

    
17
496
(5
744
11
865




Cash

 as adjusted for non-cash expense
and income items of $13.5 million
 and an increase in working capital of $4.8&nbsp;million for fiscal year 2016. In fiscal year
2016
 we spent $286.7&nbsp;million to purchase raw materials and other production materials
 $45.2&nbsp;million in staff compensation
and social welfare
 $45.0&nbsp;million in taxes
 $80.2&nbsp;million in operating expenses
 $13.4&nbsp;million in interest
 $2.8&nbsp;million
in land lease
 received $496.0&nbsp;million from our customers
 and $6.7&nbsp;million from interest payments.


a result of the net income incurred of $72.6 million
 as adjusted for non-cash expense and income items of $0.4 million
 and an
increase in working capital of $9.7&nbsp;million for fiscal year 2015. In fiscal year 2015
 we spent $307.5&nbsp;million to purchase
raw materials and other production materials
 $45.1&nbsp;million in staff compensation and social welfare
 $52.2&nbsp;million in
taxes
 $84.2&nbsp;million in operating expenses
 $15.0&nbsp;million in interest
 $1.9&nbsp;million in land lease
 received $564.6&nbsp;million
from our customers
 and $3.8&nbsp;million from interest payments.


    
    



a result of the net income incurred of $30.3 million
 as adjusted for non-cash expense and income items of $19.4 million
 and an
increase in working capital of $3.5&nbsp;million for fiscal year 2014. In fiscal year 2014
 we spent $302.4&nbsp;million to purchase
raw materials and other production materials
 $45.5&nbsp;million in staff compensation and social welfare
 $41.3&nbsp;million in
taxes
 $71.6&nbsp;million in operating expenses
 $17.3&nbsp;million in interest
 $3.2&nbsp;million in land lease
 received $518.3&nbsp;million
from our customers
 $5.1 from government subsidies
 and $4.2&nbsp;million from interest payments.



Cash

plant and equipment and $1.5&nbsp;million long-term loan to a supplier
 partially offset by $6.8&nbsp;million inflow for restricted
cash deposited with banks as security against the issuance of letters of credit and bank acceptance bills and as pledges for certain
short-term and long-term borrowings and $9.4&nbsp;million inflow from disposal of subsidiaries.


year 2015 mainly represents $89.3&nbsp;million payment for purchase of property
 plant and equipment and $56.8&nbsp;million outflow
for restricted cash deposited with banks as security against the issuance of letters of credit and bank acceptance bills and as
pledges for certain short-term and long-term borrowings
 partially offset by $22.4&nbsp;million inflow from disposal of subsidiaries.


year 2014 mainly represents $29.6&nbsp;million payment for purchase of property
 plant and equipment
 and $57.9&nbsp;million outflow
for restricted cash deposited with banks as security against the issuance of letters of credit and bank acceptance bills and as
pledges for certain short-term and long-term borrowings.



Cash

loans and net cash inflow of $143.8&nbsp;million from long-term loans
 and $0.6&nbsp;million payment for assets under capital leases
and $3.0&nbsp;million payment on shares repurchased.


year 2015 mainly represents net cash inflow of $29.7&nbsp;million from short-term loans and net cash inflow of $28.1&nbsp;million
from long-term loans
 and $0.7&nbsp;million payment for assets under capital leases.


year 2014 mainly represents net cash outflow of $13.4&nbsp;million from short-term loans and net cash inflow of $65.0&nbsp;million
from long-term loans
 and $0.8&nbsp;million payment for assets under capital leases.



For
information on our short-term and long-term borrowings
 see &ldquo;Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data &ndash;
Note 




obligations as of March&nbsp;31
 2016.


    
    




    
    
    
    
Less
    than 1
    year
1&ndash;3
    years
3&ndash;5
    years
More
    than

    
    

    
441
391
109
414
267
519
2
480
61
978

    
17
432
    
1
188
1
188
14
462

    
54
780
2
558
4
845
4
047
43
330

    
23
592
23
592
    
    
    

    
12
279
12
279
    
    
    

    
549
474
148
437
273
552
7
715
119
770

*
Including $11.9

listed below
 which use market-based price at the time of purchase.


to the uncertainty in market price
 the above mentioned purchase commitments did not include the following commitments:


Commitment to purchase 288 million liters of milk per year for ten years
 at market based prices
at the time of purchase
 beginning from January 1
 2016
 with current purchase price around EUR 300 per 1
000 liter;

Commitment to purchase whey equivalent to 24
000 tons of 70% demineralized pre-concentrated whey
powder per year for ten years
 at market based prices at the time of purchase
 beginning from January 1
 2016
 with current whey
powder purchase price around EUR 1
200 per ton;

Commitment to purchase 6
000 tons of 70% demineralized whey powder per year
 or an equivalent quantity
of liquid whey
 for ten years
 at market based prices at the time of purchase
 beginning from January 1
 2016
 with current purchase
price around EUR 1
200 per ton;

Commitment to purchase 3
000 tons of 90% demineralized whey powder per year
 or an equivalent quantity
of liquid whey
 for three years
 at market based prices at the time of purchase
 beginning from January 1
 2016
 with current purchase
price around EUR 1
300 per ton;

Commitment to purchase liquid
                                         UHT milk
 at market based prices at the time of purchase
 beginning from 2017 of 66
500
                                         tons
 and of 117
300 tons to 124
200 tons in 2018 through 2027; and

Commitment to purchase liquid
                                         UHT milk
 at market based prices at the time of purchase
 beginning from 2017 of 19
000
                                         tons
 and of 77
400 tons to 82
800 tons in 2018 through 2027.


based on the interest rate as of March&nbsp;31
 2016.



Our

year 2016
 which mainly represented expenditure for the French Project.


    
    





that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
 changes in financial condition
revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.




 FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update 2015-14 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date. The amendments in this Update
defer the effective date of Update 2014-09 for all entities by one year. Public business entities
 certain not-for-profit entities
and certain employee benefit plans should apply the guidance in Update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
2017
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting
periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2016
 including interim reporting period within that reporting period. We are evaluating
the impact to our financial position and result of operations upon adoption.


 FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update 2015-11 Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. An entity should measure inventory within the scope
of this Update at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary
course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged
for inventory measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method. We are evaluating the impact to our financial position and result
of operations upon adoption.


 FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update 2015-17 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. The amendments in this Update require
that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The amendments
in this Update apply to all entities that present a classified statement of financial position. The current requirement that deferred
tax liabilities and assets of a tax-paying component of an entity be offset and presented as a single amount is not affected by
the amendments in this Update. For public business entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective for financial statements
issued for annual periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2016
 and interim periods within those annual periods. Earlier application
is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The amendments in this Update may be
applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. We are evaluating
the impact to our financial position upon adoption.


 2016
 FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01
to improve the recognition and measurement of financial instruments. The new guidance requires equity investments (except those
accounted for under the equity method of accounting
 or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair
value with changes in fair value recognized in net income and separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities
by measurement category and form of financial asset (i.e.
 securities or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet or the accompanying
notes to the financial statements. The guidance also eliminates the requirement to disclose the fair value of financial instruments
measured at amortized cost for organizations that are not public business entities and the requirement for public business entities
to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial
instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet. The new guidance is effective for public companies for fiscal years
beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal


    
    



of the own credit provision. We are still in the process of assessing the impact of this ASU on our consolidated financial statements.


 FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
Leases (Topic 842) to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities
on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. This ASU will be effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2018 for public entities
 and it will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019. Early
adoption is permitted. We are still in the process of assessing the impact of this ASU on our consolidated financial statements.


 FASB issued ASU 2016-07
which eliminates the requirement to retroactively adopt the equity method of accounting. The amendments require that the equity
method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor&rsquo;s
previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method
accounting. The amendments in this ASU are effective for all entities for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal
years
 beginning after December 15
 2016. The amendments should be applied prospectively upon their effective date to increases
in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity method. Earlier application
is permitted. We are in the process of evaluating the impact of this ASU on the consolidated financial statements.


 FASB issued ASU 2016-08
which amends the principal-versus-agent implementation guidance and illustrations in the Board&rsquo;s new revenue standard (ASC 606).
The amendments in this update clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. When another party
along with the reporting entity
 is involved in providing goods or services to a customer
 an entity is required to determine whether
the nature of its promise is to provide that good or service to the customer (as a principal) or to arrange for the good or service
to be provided to the customer by the other party (as an agent). The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning
after December 15
 2017. We are in the process of evaluating the impact of this ASU on the consolidated financial statements.

In
March 2016
 FASB issued ASU 2016-09
 which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions
for both public and nonpublic entities
 including the accounting for income taxes
 forfeitures
 and statutory tax withholding
requirements
 as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. For public entities
 the ASU is effective for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those annual reporting periods. Early adoption will
be permitted in any interim or annual period for which financial statements have not yet been issued or have not been made available
for issuance. We are in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of this guidance on the consolidated financial statements.

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK


potential income statement
 cash flow and fair value exposures resulting from possible future adverse fluctuations in interest
rates and foreign exchange rates. We evaluate our exposure to market risk by assessing the anticipated near-term and long-term
fluctuations in interest rates and foreign exchange rates. This evaluation includes the review of leading market indicators
 discussions
with financial analysts and banks regarding current and future economic conditions and the review of market projections.


    
    





in RMB currently
 while a substantial portion of our raw material purchase prices and short-term and long term borrowings are denominated
in USD. Foreign exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in Renminbi other than the functional currency results in
gains and losses that are reflected in our Consolidated Statement of Income. Our operations are subject to risks typical of international
business
 including
 but not limited to
 differing economic conditions
 changes in political climate
 differing tax structures
other regulations and restrictions
 and foreign exchange rate volatility.


and other currencies is affected by
 among other things
 changes in China&rsquo;s political and economic conditions. Since July
2005
 the Renminbi has no longer been pegged to the U.S. dollar. Although the PBOC regularly intervenes in the foreign exchange
market to prevent significant short-term fluctuations in the exchange rate
 the Renminbi may appreciate or depreciate significantly
in value against the U.S. dollar in the medium to long term. Moreover
 it is possible that in the future
 PRC authorities may lift
restrictions on fluctuations in the Renminbi exchange rate and lessen intervention in the foreign exchange market. Under relevant
PRC regulations
 we are required to convert the foreign currencies we receive into Renminbi within specified time periods and prior
to disbursement. Considering the RMB balance of our cash and cash equivalents as of March&nbsp;31
 2016
 which amounted to $81.8
million
 a 1.0% change in the exchange rates between the Renminbi and the U.S. dollar would result in an increase or decrease of
approximately $0.8&nbsp;million of the balance.


France are denominated in Euro. The value of EUR against USD changes from time to time
 which results in gains and losses that
are reflected in our Consolidated Statement of Income. The appreciation or depreciation in the value of EUR relative to USD would
affect our financial position and results reported in USD terms without giving effect to any underlying change in our business
or results of operations. Considering the EUR balance of our bank borrowing equivalents as of March&nbsp;31
 2016
 which amounted
to $159.2 million
 a 1.0% change in the exchange rates between the EUR and the U.S. dollar would result in an increase or decrease
of approximately $1.6&nbsp;million of the balance.


 we are building a new facility
in France to manufacture powdered milk and fat-enriched demineralized whey
 and to source the raw material for this new facility
we have already entered into certain long term cooperation agreements
 which are denominated in EUR. The appreciation
or depreciation in the value of EUR relative to USD would affect our financial position and results reported in USD terms without
giving effect to any underlying change in our business or results of operations. In addition
 we have entered into long term
purchase agreements denominated in EUR to purchase liquid UHT milk products to sell in the Chinese market. Compared to powdered
infant formula products
 such liquid milk products tend to have lower margins in the Chinese market
 any cost increases resulting
from the appreciation of EUR relative to RMB may impact the profitability of these products more significantly
 and we have less
ability to pass on the cost increases to our buyers or consumers.


 we have not entered into any hedging
transactions in an effort to reduce our exposure to foreign currency exchange risk as very limited hedging transactions are available
in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. While we may enter into hedging transactions in the future
 the
availability and effectiveness of these transactions may be limited
 and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure
at all. In addition
 our foreign currency exchange losses may be magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our
ability to convert Renminbi into foreign currencies.


dollars
 but most of our subsidiaries use currencies other than U.S. dollars
 like Renminbi and EUR
 as their own functional currency.
The value of your investment in our common stock will be affected by the foreign exchange rate between U.S. dollars and Renminbi
and EUR. To the extent we hold assets denominated in U.S. dollars
 any appreciation of the


    
    



result in a change to our statement of operations. On the other hand
 a decline in the value of Renminbi and EUR against the U.S.
dollar could reduce the U.S. dollar equivalent amounts of our financial results
 the value of your investment in our company and
the dividends we may pay in the future
 if any
 all of which may have a material adverse effect on the prices of our common stock.




 such as increases in the
cost of our products and overhead costs
 could impair our operating results. Although we do not believe that inflation has had
a material impact on our financial position or results of operations to date
 a high rate of inflation in the future may have an
adverse effect on our ability to maintain current levels of gross margin and selling
 general and administrative expenses as a
percentage of sales revenue if the selling prices of our products do not increase with these increased costs.




to interest expense incurred on our short-term and long-term borrowings. Most of our borrowings are bearing the floating interest
rates which are subject to periodical adjustment. We did not experience any material changes in interest rate exposures during
the fiscal year ended March&nbsp;31
 2016. We currently do not use interest rate swaps to manage exposure to interest rate changes.




consisting primarily of accounts receivable. We perform ongoing credit evaluations with respect to the financial condition of our
debtors
 but do not require collateral. In order to determine the value of our accounts receivable
 we record a provision for doubtful
accounts to cover probable credit losses. Our management reviews and adjusts this allowance periodically based on historical experience
and its evaluation of the collectability of outstanding accounts receivable.




principal raw materials in our business
 accounting for approximately 65% of our production costs. As such
 we are exposed to the
fluctuations in the price of milk powder and whey powder. During the past two fiscal years
 the rise and fall in the prices of
these commodities have affected our business operations and profitability. A significant rise in the prices of these raw materials
will adversely affect the gross margin of our powdered formula products.


    
    








    
    

    
    

    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended March&nbsp;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
    

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income&nbsp;&nbsp;for the fiscal years ended March&nbsp;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
    

Consolidated Statements of Equity for the fiscal years ended March&nbsp;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended March&nbsp;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM



 INC.:


balance sheets of Synutra International
 Inc. and its subsidiaries and variable interest entity (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as
of March&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income
 changes in equity
and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March&nbsp;31
 2016. Our audits also included the financial statement
schedule included in Schedule&nbsp;I and Schedule&nbsp;II. These financial statements and financial statement schedules are the
responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements and financial
statement schedules based on our audits.


standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 such consolidated financial
statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Synutra International
 Inc. and its subsidiaries
and variable interest entity as of March&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each
of the three years in the period ended March&nbsp;31
 2016
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. Also
 in our opinion
 such financial statement schedules
 when considered in relation to the basic consolidated
financial statements taken as a whole
 present fairly
 in all material respects
 the information set forth therein.

We
have also audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the Company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2016

&mdash;Integrated Framework (2013)&nbsp;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our
report dated June 13
 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.



 China

13
2016


    
    


SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.

(Dollars and shares in thousands
 except
per share data)



    
March&nbsp;31
    2016
March&nbsp;31
    2015

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
102
667
85
171

    
77
787
145
906


 net of allowance of $1
435
    and $1
824
 as of March 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
29
911
15
405

    
98
360
87
754

    
2
486
2
629

    
1
161
6
726

    
15
781
12
267

    
30
675
27
012

    
3
169
    

    
361
997
382
870


 plant and equipment
 net
294
185
187
085


 net
8
541
8
657


 net
2
661
2
588

    
128
397
78
799

    
2
223
2
139

    
3
481
    

    
9
286
    

    
6
326
2
449

    
817
097
664
885

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
95
175
145
639

    
95
504
130
426

    
76
862
47
764

    
2
721
1
233

    
    
    

    
25
186
14
844

    
49
617
46
790

    
345
197
386
826

    
315
512
144
627

    
7
196
3
816

    
7
315
7
806

    
5
077
7
241

    
680
297
550
316

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $.0001 par value: 250
000 authorized
    57
301 issued; 56
691 and 57
301 outstanding at March&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
    
    

    
134
693
135
440

    
(14
810
(35
046


    income
13
352
11
526

    
133
241
111
926

    
3
559
2
643

    
136
800
114
569

    
817
097
664
885



of the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.

(Dollars in thousands
 except per share
data)



    
Year
    Ended March&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    

    
365
039
413
941
370
534

    
12
161
5
220
2
329

    
188
215
224
387
217
027

    
176
824
189
554
153
507

    
51
289
57
797
53
710

    
43
137
40
027
32
912

    
27
740
27
994
25
506

    
    
5
845
1
040

    
    
15
294
    

    
8
810
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
46
494
73
740
41
630

    
16
362
16
033
16
162

    
8
776
7
608
4
658


 net
(12
225
3
242
1
934


 net
    
    
1
582

    
26
415
67
582
30
478

    
5
454
(4
449
    

    
20
961
72
031
30
348

    
    
2
498
    


    to common stockholders
20
236
69
533
30
929

    
57
083
57
301
57
301

    
    
    
    



of the consolidated financial statements.


    
    



SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME




    
Year
    Ended March&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    

    
20
961
72
031
30
348


 net of tax
    
    
    

    
2
017
(11
991
1
701

    
    
(7
011
    

    
2
017
(19
002
1
701

    
22
978
53
029
32
049

    
    
2
499
    


    to common stockholders
22
062
50
530
32
630



of the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.





    
    
    
Synutra
    International
 Inc. Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
    
    

    
Common
    Stock
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    paid&ndash;in
 capital
    
    deficit
    
    other
    
    Interest
    
    equity

Balance
 arch&nbsp;31
    2013
57
301
    
    
    
135
440
(135
508
28
828
    
29
207

    
    
    
    
    
    
30
929
    
    
30
348

Other
    comprehensive income
 net of tax of nil
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
701
    
1
701

Balance
 March&nbsp;31
    2014
57
301
    
    
    
135
440
(104
579
30
529
    
61
256

    
    
    
    
    
    
69
533
    
2
498
72
031

Other comprehensive
    income (loss)
 net of tax of nil
    
    
    
    
    
    
(19
003
    
(19
002

Incorporation
    of a majority owned subsidiary
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 March&nbsp;31
    2015
57
301
    
    
    
135
440
(35
046
11
526
2
643
114
569

    
    
    
    
    
    
20
236
    
    
20
961

Other comprehensive
    income
 net of tax of nil
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
826
    
2
017

Repurchase of noncontrolling
    interest
    
    
    
    
1
820
    
    
    
2
006

Contribution from noncontrolling
    shareholders.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
(2
997
    
    
    
(2
997

Balance
 March&nbsp;31
    2016
56
691
    
    
    
134
693
(14
810
13
352
3
559
136
800



of the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.





    
Year
    Ended March&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
20
961
72
031
30
348

    
    
    
    

    
9
514
15
210
15
356

    
(1
360
(2
179
(3
193

    
8
762
9
682
6
487

    
    
5
845
1
040

    
(7
250
(11
300
    

    
    
(15
294
    

    
3
721
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(13
727
    
16
045

    
(24
201
(18
219
(1
243

    
(3
173
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(9
032
6
000
(2
963

    
27
824
8
540
(8
729

    
    
(1
426
    

    
11
479
    
2
488

    
1
417
(1
671
    

    
3
778
(1
661
(7
753

    
1
389
    
    

    
29
662
62
529
46
225

    
    
    
    


 plant and equipment
(103
811
(89
344
(29
582

    
(1
486
    
    

    
6
801
(56
753
(57
861

    
    
    
    

    
9
353
22
411
    

    
(9
809
    
    


    at trust
(3
074
    
    

    
(102
007
(123
306
(86
699

    
    
    
    

    
148
869
212
911
181
315

    
(197
760
(183
175
(194
730

    
292
811
167
502
176
919

    
(148
996
(139
364
(111
890

    
    
    
    

    
(2
997
    
    

    
91
301
57
192
50
772

    
(1
460
(2
159
1
567

    
17
496
(5
744
11
865


 beginning of year
85
171
90
915
79
050


 end of year
102
667
85
171
90
915

    
    
    
    


 net of capitalized interest of $4.6 million
 $1.8 million and nil
 respectively
13
442
13
163
17
323

    
12
540
5
686
    

    
    
    
    


 plant and equipment included in accounts payable
18
279
9
474
5
442

    
1
161
6
726
    



of the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.






 Inc. and its subsidiaries
(hereinafter collectively referred to as the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; or &ldquo;Synutra&rdquo;) are principally engaged in production
distribution and sales of dairy based nutritional products under the &ldquo;Shengyuan&rdquo; or &ldquo;Synutra&rdquo; line of brands
in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China (&ldquo;China&rdquo; or &ldquo;PRC&rdquo;). The Company focuses on selling powdered formula
products for infant and adult
 and also engages in other nutritional product offerings
 such as certain nutritional supplement.

2.





Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&ldquo;US
GAAP&rdquo;). The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going
concern. Under that assumption
 it is expected that assets will be realized and liabilities will be satisfied in the normal course
of business.




the financial statements of Synutra International
 Inc. and its subsidiaries
 its consolidated variable interest entity
 Beijing
Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd. (the variable interest entity
 or &ldquo;VIE&rdquo;)
 in which it has a controlling
financial interest. A controlling financial interest is typically determined when a company holds a majority of the voting equity
interest in an entity. US GAAP provides guidance on the identification and financial reporting for entities over which control
is achieved through means other than voting interests
 which requires certain VIEs to be consolidated by the primary beneficiary
of the entity if the equity investors in the entity do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest or do not
have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from
other parties. Through the contractual arrangements between the Company and the VIE
 the Company controls the operating activities
and holds all the beneficial interests of the VIE and has been determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The Company
has concluded that such contractual arrangements are legally enforceable. The operations associated with the consolidated VIE are
insignificant and the consolidated VIE holds de minimis assets and liabilities.


to the Company and to the noncontrolling interests on the basis of relative ownership interest. Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries
are presented separately from the Company&rsquo;s equity therein.




with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the


    
    



 and the reported amounts
of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates. Significant accounting estimates
reflected in the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements include allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory valuation
accrued consumer loyalty program obligations
 the useful lives of and impairment for property and equipment
 impairment of indefinite
lived intangible assets
 and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets.




hand and highly liquid investments which are unrestricted as to withdrawal or use
 and which have original maturities of three
months or less when purchased.




as security against letter of credits
 bank acceptance bills and short-term and long-term borrowings.




at the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectable amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection
of the full amount is no longer probable. The Company performs risk assessments for each customer
 and provides a specific allowance
for those deemed to have high risk of collectability. The Company also records provision for other customers without specific risks
by reviewing the aging of the receivables.




a stated maturity and pays a prospective fixed rate of return. The Company classifies the investments held at trust as held-to-
maturity when it has both the positive intent and ability to hold them until maturity. Held-to-maturity investments are recorded
at amortized cost and are classified as long-term or short-term according to their contractual maturity.

The
Company reviews its investments held at trust for other-than-temporary impairment based on the specific identification method and
considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence in evaluating potential impairment. If the cost of an investment exceeds
the investment&rsquo;s fair value
 the Company considers
 among other factors
 general market conditions
 government economic plans
the duration and the extent to which the fair value of the investment is less than cost and the Company&rsquo;s intent and ability to
hold the investment to determine whether an other-than-temporary impairment has occurred. To date
 the Company has not recorded
an other-than-temporary impairment.




or market. Cost is calculated on the weighted-average basis and includes all costs to acquire and other costs incurred in bringing
the inventories to their present location and condition. The Company evaluates the market for its inventories on a regular basis
and records a provision for loss to reduce the computed weighted-average cost if it exceeds market. Potential losses from obsolete
and slow-moving inventories are recorded when identified.


    
    


I. Property
 plant and equipment
 net


 plant and equipment are carried at
cost. The cost of repairs and maintenance is expensed as incurred; major replacements and improvements are capitalized.


 the
cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gains or losses are included in income in the
year of disposition.


basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets or
 when applicable
 the life of the lease
 whichever is shorter. The useful
lives for property
 plant and equipment are as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





leases. A lease that transfers to the lessee substantially all the benefits and risks incidental to ownership is classified as
a capital lease. At inception
 a capital lease is recorded at present value of minimum lease payments or the fair value of the
asset
 whichever is less. Assets under capital leases are amortized on a basis consistent with that of similar fixed assets or
the lease term
 whichever is shorter. Operating lease costs are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.




of construction or acquisition and design fees incurred. Capitalization of these costs ceases and the construction in progress
is transferred to property
 plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their
intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided until it is completed and ready for intended use.

Interest
expense incurred for construction of property
 plant
 and equipment is capitalized as part of the cost of such assets. The Company
capitalizes interest to the extent that expenditures to construct an asset have occurred and interest costs have been incurred.
Interest expense capitalized for the fiscal years ended March&nbsp;31
 2016

 $1.8&nbsp;million
and nil
 respectively.




for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
When these events occur
 the Company measures impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted
net cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected undiscounted
cash flow is less than the carrying amount of the assets
 the Company would recognize an impairment loss based on the fair value
of the assets.


    
    


The
Company recorded impairment charges on its property

 $4.7&nbsp;million and $1.0&nbsp;million
for the fiscal years ended March&nbsp;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. See Note 16
 &ldquo;Impairment of long-lived assets
and indefinite lived intangible assets&rdquo; for further details.




tested for impairment on an annual basis or when current facts or circumstances indicate that a potential impairment may exist.
The impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair value of the intangible asset to its carrying amount. If the carrying
amount exceeds the fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized equal in amount to that excess.


for intangible assets with indefinite life on March&nbsp;31. The Company recorded nil
 $1.1 million and nil impairment on its intangible
assets for the fiscal years ended March&nbsp;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. See Note 16
 &ldquo;Impairment of long-lived
assets and indefinite lived intangible assets&rdquo; for further details.




with the laws and regulations applicable to the Company as enacted by the relevant tax authorities. Income taxes are accounted
for under the asset and liability method. Deferred taxes are determined based upon differences between the financial reporting
and tax bases of assets and liabilities at currently enacted statutory tax rates for the years in which the differences are expected
to reverse. Net operating losses are carried forward and credited by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future
years. A valuation allowance is provided on deferred tax assets to the extent that it is more likely than not that such deferred
tax assets will not be realized. The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are individually classified as current
and non-current based on the characteristics of the underlying assets and liabilities
 or the expected timing of their use when
they do not relate to a specific asset or liability.


income tax position at the largest amount that is more-likely-than not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant tax authority.
Income tax related interest and penalties is classified as income tax expense.




of Synutra International
 Inc. and Synutra Illinois are United States Dollar (&ldquo;US Dollar&rdquo;).


PRC subsidiaries are maintained in Renminbi (&ldquo;RMB&rdquo;)
 the financial records of the Company&rsquo;s Netherland and French
subsidiaries are maintained in Euro (&ldquo;EUR&rdquo;)
 and the financial records of another subsidiary is maintained in South
Korean KRW (&ldquo;KRW&rdquo;)
 which are their functional currencies. Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rates
at the balance sheet date
 equity accounts are translated at historical exchange rates and revenues
 expenses
 gains and losses
are translated using the average rate for the year. Translation adjustments are reported as cumulative translation adjustments
and are shown as a separate component of the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).


in currencies other than the functional currencies are translated into functional currencies at the rates of exchange ruling at
the balance sheet date. Transactions in


    
    


currencies
other than the functional currencies during the year are converted into the functional currencies at the applicable rates of exchange
prevailing on the day transactions occurred. Transaction gains and losses are recognized in the statement of operations. Transaction

 $3.2&nbsp;million and $1.9&nbsp;million for the year ended March&nbsp;31
 2016
2015 and 2014
 respectively and are recorded as foreign currency exchange gain (loss)
 net.




risk and rewards for the products are transferred to the customer
 price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably
assured. Most of the Company&rsquo;s nutritional food sales are made through distributors. Under the distributor arrangement
 evidenced
by purchase order
 revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the distributors. For sales of My
Angel series powdered formula products
 which is directly sold to baby stores
 the revenue recognition is similar to that of distributor
sales
 and the revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the baby stores. For sales of the powdered
formula products directly through certain supermarket retailers
 who have a right of return clause
 the revenue is recognized until
the supermarkets have paid the Company. For sales to a limited number of distributors from whom collectability is not reasonably
assured
 revenue is recognized when the Company received payments.


to various deductions
 primarily comprised of rebates and discounts to distributors and retailers
 which are reported as a reduction
of revenue.The Company provides discounts or rebates to customers in the following ways:


The Company offers product discounts to compensate certain distributors and supermarket retailers for promotional expenses
and slotting fees paid by them. These product discounts are recognized when incurred as a reduction to gross revenue.


The Company offers rebates to a few distributors and supermarket retailers as sales incentives. These sale rebates are typically
determined based on a percentage of sales after attaining certain amount of orders relating to specific products by the distributors
and supermarket retailers. The Company recognized a liability for the sales rebates at the time at which the related revenue is
recognized by the Company
 based on the specific terms in each agreement and the expected sales of each distributor or supermarket
retailer.

The
Company uses a customer loyalty program administrated by a third party
 the program operator
 to conduct its promotional activities.
In connection with a current revenue transaction of specific products
 the Company offers to the customer award points which can
be exchanged for free products that will be delivered by the program operator
 at a future date at the customer&rsquo;s request. The
value of the award is insignificant in relation to the value of the transactions necessary to earn the awards under other current
liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets

 $1.0&nbsp;million and $1.9&nbsp;million as of
March&nbsp;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014. The Company records a liability for the estimated cost of the award products. The related cost
is recorded under Advertising and promotion expenses in the consolidated statement of operations
 which was amounted to $4.1 million
$3.7&nbsp;million and $3.2&nbsp;million for the fiscal year ended March&nbsp;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.


    
    




Shipping

$5.0&nbsp;million and $4.6&nbsp;million for the fiscal years ended March&nbsp;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.



Advertising
and promotion expenses are expensed as incurred The service charge of the consumer loyalty program administrated by a third party
was $4.1 million

 2016
 2015 and 2014
respectively. We reclassified the fiscal year 2014 figure from selling and distribution expenses to advertising and promotion expenses
to ensure comparability in 2015.



The
Company receives unrestricted cash subsidies from local government agencies. The subsidies are unrestricted as to use and can be
utilized by the Company in any manner it deems appropriate. The Company has utilized
 and expects to continue to utilize
 these
subsidies to fund general operating expenses. The Company records unrestricted cash government subsidies as government subsidies
in the consolidated statements of operations. Unrestricted cash government subsidies received for the fiscal years ended March&nbsp;31
2016

 $0.6&nbsp;million and $0.9 million
 respectively. Government grants related to assets
mainly for purchases of property and equipment are recorded as deferred government subsidies and are recognized as an offset to
depreciation expense on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the associated asset. The Group received government grants
related to assets of nil
 nil
 $0.2&nbsp;million during the fiscal years ended March&nbsp;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.
$3.5&nbsp;million
 nill and $4.7 million subsidy were received from the government in the form of reimbursements for promotion
expenses during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014. The Company has recorded this subsidy as a deduction of advertising
and promotion expenses




health
 retirement benefit and unemployment schemes at the statutory rates in force during the period
 based on gross salary payments.
The cost of these payments is charged to the consolidated statements of operations in the same period as the related salary cost.




net income attributable to holders of common stock by the weighted average number of common stock outstanding during the year.
Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock
were exercised or converted into common stock. Common stock equivalents are excluded from the computation in loss periods and in
periods when the average market price of the common stock exceeds the exercise price of the securities or other contracts to issue
common stocks as their effects would be anti-dilutive.




changes in equity of the Company during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances except those resulting from
investments by owners and distributions to owners
 including currency translation adjustment.


    
    





the Company to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 accounts receivable
due from related parties
 receivable from disposal of subsidiaries
 prepayments
 tax receivables and others and other assets. All
of the Company&rsquo;s cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash are held with financial institutions that the Company believes
to be high credit quality.



The
noncontrolling interest represents the portion of the equity interest in the subsidiaries
 Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.

Shanghai Precious Care Cosmetic Co.
 Ltd.
 and Ruishi Pingo (Beijing) Paper Co.
 Ltd
 not directly or indirectly attributable to
the Company. The noncontrolling interest reported as equity in the consolidated financial statements
 it also reported the consolidated
net income at amounts that include the amounts attributable to both the parent and the noncontrolling interest on the face of the
consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of comprehensive income.




to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value
 the
Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market
participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. The fair value measurement guidance provides a fair value hierarchy
that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair
value. A financial instrument&rsquo;s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is
significant to the fair value measurement as follows:


in active markets for identical assets that the management has the ability to access at the measurement date.


assets in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active
 inputs other than quoted
prices that are observable for the asset (i.e.
 interest rates
 yield curves
 etc.)
 and inputs that are derived principally from
or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market corroborated inputs).


the valuation methodology that reflect management&rsquo;s assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use
in pricing the asset. The management develops these inputs based on the best information available
 including their own data.




including cash and cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 accounts receivable
 other current assets
 investment held at trust
 other
assets
 accounts payable
 short-term debt
 long-term debt due within one year
 other current liabilities and due to and from related
parties
 approximates their fair value at March&nbsp;31
 2016 due to the relatively short-term nature of these instruments. The
carrying value of long-term debt
 capital lease obligations and other long-term liabilities approximates its fair value as their
interest rates are at the same level of the current market yield for comparable loans.


    
    





 FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update 2015-14 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date. The amendments in this Update
defer the effective date of Update 2014-09 for all entities by one year. Public business entities
 certain not-for-profit entities
and certain employee benefit plans should apply the guidance in Update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
2017
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting
periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2016
 including interim reporting period within that reporting period. We are evaluating
the impact to our financial position and result of operations upon adoption.


 FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update 2015-11 Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. An entity should measure inventory within the scope
of this Update at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary
course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged
for inventory measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method. We are evaluating the impact to our financial position and result
of operations upon adoption.


 FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update 2015-17 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. The amendments in this Update require
that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The amendments
in this Update apply to all entities that present a classified statement of financial position. The current requirement that deferred
tax liabilities and assets of a tax-paying component of an entity be offset and presented as a single amount is not affected by
the amendments in this Update. For public business entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective for financial statements
issued for annual periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2016
 and interim periods within those annual periods. Earlier application
is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The amendments in this Update may be
applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. We are evaluating
the impact to our financial position upon adoption.


 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01
to improve the recognition and measurement of financial instruments. The new guidance requires equity investments (except those
accounted for under the equity method of accounting
 or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair
value with changes in fair value recognized in net income and separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities
by measurement category and form of financial asset (i.e.
 securities or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet or the accompanying
notes to the financial statements. The guidance also eliminates the requirement to disclose the fair value of financial instruments
measured at amortized cost for organizations that are not public business entities and the requirement for public business entities
to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial
instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet. The new guidance is effective for public companies for fiscal years
beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. The new guidance permits early adoption
of the own credit provision. We are still in the process of assessing the impact of this ASU on our consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
Leases (Topic 842) to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities
on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. This ASU will be effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2018 for public entities
 and it will be effective for fiscal years beginning after


    
    



 2019. Early adoption is permitted.
We are still in the process of assessing the impact of this ASU onour consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-07
which eliminates the requirement to retroactively adopt the equity method of accounting. The amendments require that the equity
method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor&rsquo;s
previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method
accounting. The amendments in this ASU are effective for all entities for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal
years
 beginning after December 15
 2016. The amendments should be applied prospectively upon their effective date to increases
in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity method. Earlier application
is permitted. We are in the process of evaluating the impact of this ASU on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-08
which amends the principal-versus-agent implementation guidance and illustrations in the Board&rsquo;s new revenue standard (ASC 606).
The amendments in this update clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. When another party
along with the reporting entity
 is involved in providing goods or services to a customer
 an entity is required to determine whether
the nature of its promise is to provide that good or service to the customer (as a principal) or to arrange for the good or service
to be provided to the customer by the other party (as an agent). The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning
after December 15
 2017. We are in the process of evaluating the impact of this ASU on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions for both public and nonpublic
entities
 including the accounting for income taxes
 forfeitures
 and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification
in the statement of cash flows. For public entities
 the ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December
15
 2016
 including interim periods within those annual reporting periods. Early adoption will be permitted in any interim or annual
period for which financial statements have not yet been issued or have not been made available for issuance. We are in the process
of evaluating the impact of adoption of this guidance on the consolidated financial statements.



The
following table sets forth by level
 within the fair value hierarchy
 the Company&rsquo;s assets and liabilities accounted for
at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of March&nbsp;31

 2015 and 2014. The Company did not have any items recorded
at fair value on a recurring basis subsequent to initial recognition as of March&nbsp;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014. All these items
related to the nutritional food segment.



    
    
    
    Active&nbsp;Markets
    
    Other
    
    Unobservable
    

    
    


 2015:
    
    
    
    
    


 Plant and Equipment
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
4
726

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
119

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2014:
    
    
    
    
    


 Plant and Equipment
    
    
    
    
    

    
3
605
    
    
3
605
1
040



    
    


In
fiscal year 2016
 there was no any other-than-temporary impairment. In fiscal year 2015
 there was an other&minus;than&minus;temporary
impairment of $4.7 million charged against the prepared food equipment assets of Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Huiliduo&rdquo;)
$0.3 million related to Huiliduo brand and $0.8 million related to the Ausmeadow brand. The impairment loss of $1.0 million in
fiscal year 2014 was related to the prepared food equipment assets. The Company has categorized these impairments as a level 3

 &ldquo;Impairment of long-lived assets and indefinite lived intangible assets&rdquo;
for further details.




 the Company sold its wholly owned
subsidiary in the powdered formula segment
 Zhangjiakou Chahaer Dairy Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Zhangjiakou&rdquo;) to Rightcom Co.
 Ltd.
(the &ldquo;Purchaser&rdquo;) for a total cash consideration of $28.1 million to be paid in three installments. As the result of
the sale in fiscal year 2015
 the Company recorded a $15.0 million in gain ($11.9 million after tax)
 which was calculated as the
total of the excess of the sale proceeds over the net book value of the assets transferred of $20.1 million and reclassification
of foreign currency translation gain of $7.0 million from Other Comprehensive Income. The Company had collected $22.5M and $5.6M
of the payment by end of fiscal year 2015 and fiscal year 2016 respectively.


 the Company entered into a share
purchase agreement with Beijing Jinkangpu Food Technology Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Jinkangpu&rdquo;) to dispose its wholly owned subsidiary
in the food segment
 Beijing Huiliduo Food Technology Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Beijing Huiliduo&rdquo;) for a total cash consideration
of $1.3 million to be paid in two installments. As of September 30
 2014
 the Company has completed all of the closing procedures
and has effectively transferred its control on Beijing Huiliduo to Jinkangpu. As the result of the sale in fiscal year 2015
 the
Company recorded a $0.3 million in gain
 which was calculated as the total of the excess of the sale proceeds over the net book
value of the assets transferred of $1.0 million. Jinkangpu had paid $0.2 million by end of fiscal year 2016 and
the remaining $1.1 million will be paid before September 2016.




2016 and 2015 are summarized as follows:



    
March&nbsp;31
    2016
March&nbsp;31
    2015

    
    

    
41
073
50
578

    
20
609
17
905

    
36
678
19
271

    
98
360
87
754


The

 2016
and 2015
 respectively
 which mainly represented the purchase of milk powder and whey protein from international sources.


    
    



provisions for inventory of $8.8 million
 $9.7&nbsp;million and $6.5&nbsp;million for the years ended March&nbsp;31
 2016
 2015
and 2014
 respectively.




party has the ability
 directly or indirectly
 to control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party
in making financial and operational decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to common control
or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals or corporate entities.


related parties to the Company because they are affiliates of the Company under the ultimate common control of the Company&rsquo;s
major shareholder. The nature of each entity is discussed in the table below:



Related
    Party
    
Business
    Nature

    
    
Engages in buying and selling packaging materials
 vitamin and mineral pre&ndash;mixes
 and other food ingredients.

    
    
    

St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service&rdquo;)
    
    

Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;St. Angel Cultural Communication&rdquo;)
    
    

Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Honnete Beijing&rdquo;)
    
    

Qingdao Lvyin Waste Disposal Investment Management Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Lvyin&rdquo;)
    
    

Beijing Dongan Hengxin Property Development Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Dongan Hengxin&rdquo;)
    
    

Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Ao Naier&rdquo;)
    
    




a. Due from related parties
 including current and non-current
portion



    
March&nbsp;31
    2016
March&nbsp;31
    2015

    
    

    
3
349
1
025


 Ltd.
    
    

    
1
334
3
732


 Ltd.
    
    


    Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

    
4
709
4
768



    
    






    
March&nbsp;31
    2016
March&nbsp;31
    2015

    
    


    Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.
    
    



were unsecured and interest free.


 the Company lent $1.1 million
to Sheng Zhi Da. The loan was interest-free and due within one year.




 2015 and 2014
 the Company&rsquo;s
sales to related parties mainly included feed grade milk powder and whey powder to Ao Naier
 and powdered formula products to St.
Angel (Beijing) Business Service
 and services for related parties including office spaces rented to Honnete Beijing
 Ao Naier
St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service
 and St. Angel Cultural Communication.



    
Year
    Ended March&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    

    
    


 Ltd.
    
    
    


 Ltd.
11
867
4
651
1
780


 Ltd.
    
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    
    

    
12
161
5
220
2
329





 2015 and 2014
 St. Angel
Cultural Communication provided certain marketing services for the Company.



    
Year
    Ended March&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    

    
    


    Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.
    
    
    


7. PREPAYMENTS
 TAX RECEIVABLES AND OTHERS



    
March&nbsp;31
    2016
March&nbsp;31
    2015

    
    

    
10
862
8
544

    
7
994
5
056

    
2
183
4
086

    
4
227
3
586

    
5
409
5
740

    
30
675
27
012



    
    


8. PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET



    
March&nbsp;31
    2016
March&nbsp;31
    2015

    
    


 plant and equipment
 cost:
    
    

    
1
914
1
447

    
5
469
5
753

    
79
984
80
013

    
64
584
65
790

    
11
973
11
146

    
2
460
2
577

    
1
143
1
140

    
167
527
167
866

    
    
    

    
1
111
    

    
20
780
17
790

    
45
879
44
193

    
9
672
9
599

    
1
920
1
834

    
    
    

    
80
219
75
172

    
206
877
94
391


 plant and equipment
 net
294
185
187
085



the Company&rsquo;s French subsidiary.


and equipment purchase for the French subsidiary as of March&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015.

The

 $15.2&nbsp;million and
$15.1&nbsp;million for the fiscal years ended March&nbsp;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

9. LAND USE RIGHTS
 NET


Companies or individuals are authorized to possess and use the land only through land use rights granted by the PRC government.
Land use rights are amortized using the straight-line method over the lease term of 42 to 50 years.



    
March&nbsp;31
    2016
March&nbsp;31
    2015

    
    


 cost
9
919
9
896

    
1
378
1
239


 net
8
541
8
657


The
Company recorded amortization expense of $205

 $217
000 and $258
000 for the fiscal years ended March&nbsp;31
 2016
2015 and 2014
 respectively.

10. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET



    
March&nbsp;31
    2016
March&nbsp;31
    2015

    
    

    
    
    

    
2
661
2
588



    
    


The
intangible assets as of March&nbsp;31

000
for registered trademark of Ausmeadow
 which are used for the Company&rsquo;s nutritional food products.


 2015
represent $2.5&nbsp;million for registered trademark of Dutch Cow
 $98
000 for registered trademark of Ausmeadow
 which are used
for the Company&rsquo;s nutritional food products.



In
May 2015

rate of 7% to Qingdao Jisheng Iron Printing and Tin Making Co.
 LTD. (&ldquo;Qingdao Jisheng&rdquo;)
 a supplier for the iron sheet
used for our formula products. Qingdao Jisheng shall use the loan to expand its own upstream manufacturing capacity. RMB10.0 million
RMB20.0&nbsp;million and RMB30.0&nbsp;million shall be repaid by Qingdao Jisheng in May 2017
 2018 and 2019
 respectively. The
outstanding principle loan amount of $9.3 million is recorded as long-term loan receivable on the consolidated balance sheet
 which
is close to its fair value. On the other hand
 in fiscal 2016 the Company received RMB27.0 million in cash equivalent from Qingdao
Jisheng as a performance guaranty to be the exclusion tin supplier to our Carhaix facility. See Note 14 for details.

The

life of the loan. A valuation allowance will be established for the loan unable to collect. No valuation allowance has been recorded
as of March 31
 2016.

Investment
held at trust


2015
 the Company launched two marketing initiatives whereby customers can purchase online cash coupons through the BaiduPay platform
(the &ldquo;Platform&rdquo;). The cash coupons can be redeemed by the customer within one year from the date of purchase for the
Company&rsquo;s products posted in the Platform. The customers have the right to request the Company to redeem their unused coupons
at the end of the one-year period for the original purchase amount plus an annual rate of 8.0%. According to the agreement
between the Company and the Platform
 the cash received from the customers for the purchases of cash coupons (the &ldquo;Fund&rdquo;)
are required to be deposited in a specific trust managed by a third party financial institution (the &ldquo;Trust Company&rdquo;)
to protect the customers&rsquo; interest and only the portion of the Fund related to the cash coupon redeemed for the Company&rsquo;s products
can be utilized by the Company at its discretion. The Fund relating to the unused coupons is restricted for use by the Company
and can only be invested in principal protected investment products agreed by the Company and the Trust Company.


and deposited in the trust in the amount of $3.2 million is recorded in Advances from Customers on the consolidated balance sheets.


    
    



the Fund was invested to purchase a trust product consisting of fixed income debt securities with interest rate of 7% and maturity
term less than one year. The Company classified the investment as held-to-maturity securities and carried it at amortized costs.
The carrying amount of the securities of $3.2 million as of March 31
 2016 approximated their fair value due to their credit ratings
and their short term nature.







    
March&nbsp;31
    2016
March&nbsp;31
    2015

    
    

    
95
175
145
639


    within one year
95
504
130
426


 current
190
679
276
065


 non&ndash;current portion
315
512
144
627

    
506
191
420
692





 including current portion
as of March&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015 are comprised of:



    
March&nbsp;31
    2016
March&nbsp;31
    2015

    
    

    
262
514
154
393

    
47
061
93
099


    in France
101
441
27
561

    
411
016
275
053


As
of March&nbsp;31
 2016
 among the long-term debts which were borrowed in Mainland China

by restricted cash deposits and the rest $204.7&nbsp;million were credit debts. These debts used floating interest rates
 which
are calculated based on the benchmark lending interest rate published by China&rsquo;s central bank
 or LIBOR. The maturity dates
range from June 2016 to December 2018.

As
of March&nbsp;31
 2016

million. These debts used floating interest rates
 which are calculated based on LIBOR. The maturity dates of the used facility
range from June 2016 to March 2017.

As
of March&nbsp;31
 2016

and all the long-lived assets of the French Project. $41.3&nbsp;million of these debts have floating interest rates range from
Libor+2% to Libor+3.4%
 which are calculated based on LIBOR
 and $60.1&nbsp;million of these debts have fixed interest rates range
from 2.2% to 4.3%. The maturity dates of the borrowed debts range from February 2018 to September&nbsp;2022. As of March&nbsp;31
2016
 the company has &euro;14.0&nbsp;million available for further draw down under committed long-term bank loan facility for
Synutra France.

The
weighted average interest rate as of March&nbsp;31

 respectively.


    
    


As
of March&nbsp;31
 2016
 borrowings both in short-term and long-term
 including current portion
 denominated in RMB
 USD and EUR

 $115.9&nbsp;million and $159.2 million
 respectively.


 including current
and non-current portion
 are as follows:



    
    
    March&nbsp;31


    
    


 2017
95
504


 2018
146
045


 2019
109
329


 2020 to March 31
 2022
    


 2023
60
138

    
411
016


The

 $17.3&nbsp;million and $15.6 million
 and the amount
thereof that has been capitalized was $4.6 million
 $1.8&nbsp;million and nil
 for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.





    
March&nbsp;31
    2016
March&nbsp;31
    2015

    
    


 rebate and slotting fee
25
932
24
861

    
12
111
8
825

    
2
975
3
404

    
2
812
3
980

    
5
787
5
720

    
49
617
46
790


In
May 2015

guaranty to secure the exclusive iron sheet supplier status for the Company&rsquo;s French Project for ten years starting from its commercial
operation. Under the agreement
 the Company is required to fulfill a contractual amount of minimum purchase volume at fair market
value each year for a period of ten years. If the Company fulfills the contractual minimum purchase volume we can keep the entire
performance guaranty amount. If the Company fails to meet this minimum annual purchase volume
 the Company is obligated to compensate
Qingdao Jisheng at RMB 0.1 per tin for the shortfall. By March&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company had received RMB 27.0 million from Qingdao
Jisheng. As the Company&rsquo;s French Project is still under construction
 it has not begun purchasing iron sheet by March&nbsp;31
2016. $0. 4 &nbsp;million and $3.8&nbsp;million were recorded in &ldquo;other current liabilities others&rdquo; and &ldquo;other noncurrent
liabilities&rdquo; respectively. The amount will be recognized based on actual order as a reduction to cost.




and warehouse under capital lease arrangement with terms varying from 13 to 33 years. Future minimum capital lease payments at
March&nbsp;31
 2016 are as follows:


    
    




    
    
    March&nbsp;31


    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
14
462

    
17
432

    
10
012

    
7
420

    
    

    
7
315

    
7
420


The
Company recorded depreciation expense of $171

000 and $176
000 for capital leased assets for fiscal years 2016
2015 and 2014
 respectively
 and recorded interest expense of $503
000
 $525
000 and $555
000 for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014
respectively. The interest rates associated with the capital leases are from 6.8% to 7.83% per annum.


in other current liabilities and capital lease obligations in the balance sheet.




assets and intangible assets of nil
 $5.8 million and $1.0 million for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.


 the Company recognized
an impairment charge on the prepared food equipment assets of Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Huiliduo&rdquo;) of
$4.7 million as well as on the Huilido brand of $0.3 million
 as a result of the continuous operating losses
 slow market development
and expected higher promotion expenditures to achieve meaningful sales. In addition
 the impairment loss of $0.8 million was recognized
for the Ausmeadow brand due to the lower operating performance than the Company&rsquo;s previous expectations.


year 2014 was related to the prepared food as a result of the operating loss and negative operating cash flow.

Loss on
A supply contract

In
September 2012
 the Company entered into a 10-year milk supply agreement with Sodiaal Union (&ldquo;Sodiaal&rdquo;)
 a French agricultural
cooperative company
 for its French project. In accordance with the terms of this supply agreement
 the Company is committed to
purchase a fixed volume of raw milk from Sodiaal on a monthly basis. If there is a shortfall between the Company&rsquo;s actual purchases
and the contractual amount
 the Company would have to pay a cash compensation to Sodiaal
 which is determined as the difference
between the milk purchase prices to be paid


    
    



 Sodiaal consented
that the delay of the Company&rsquo;s French project was mainly caused by government actions
 and waived the right for the compensation
under the contract since January 2015. In January 2016
 an amendment to the original 10-year milk supply agreement was agreed by
the Company and Sodiaal. Pursuant to this amendment
 the Company is obligated to purchase milk from Sodiaal starting from January
2016. Should the Company fail to take delivery of the volumes agreed in the contract
 the Company would be obligated to pay the
compensation to Sodiaal based on the terms described above.


of equipment from the Company&rsquo;s main equipment supplier
 the French project was not in a position for trial production in
January 2016 and the commencement of operations of the French project is expected to be in July 2016. As a result of this
delay
 the Company had to pay a total compensation of $5.0 million to Sodiaal for the period from January to March 2016 as
the Company failed to take delivery of raw milk supply as agreed. Starting April 2016
 the Company started to take delivery under
this contract and pretreated the raw milk into concentrated milk for third party's further processing. Additionally
 as of March
31
 2016
 the Company recorded an estimated loss of $3.8 million resulting from this purchase commitment.





    
March&nbsp;31
    2016
March&nbsp;31
    2015

    
    


 $.0001 par value: 250
000 authorized
 57
301 issued; 56
691 and 57
301 outstanding at March&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
    
    

    
134
693
135
440

    
(14
810
(35
046


    income
13
352
11
526

    
133
241
111
926

    
3
559
2
643

    
136
800
114
569


On
September&nbsp;10
 2015
 our board of directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to an aggregate
amount of $20.0 million of our common stock from time to time through September&nbsp;10
 2016. Under the program
 shares
may be repurchased in privately negotiated and/or open market transactions
 including under plans complying with Rule&nbsp;10b5-1
under the Exchange Act. Following the approval
 we entered into a Rule&nbsp;10b5-1 trading plan under the Exchange Act permitting
open market repurchases of our common stock based on certain triggers described in the trading plan. During the three months ended
September 30
 2015
 the company repurchased 112
000 shares of common stock in an open trading window or under the Rule 10b5-1
trading plan at an aggregate cost of $557
000; During the three months ended December 31
 2015
 another 351
785 shares were repurchased

 2016
 we repurchased 146
000
shares of our common stock under the Rule&nbsp;10b5-1 trading plan at an aggregate cost of $0.6 million
 which was paid for through
cash on hand. The share repurchase program had automatically terminated due to our public
announcement of receiving a non-binding proposal letter
 dated January14
 2016
 from Mr.&nbsp;Liang Zhang
 Chairman and CEO of
the Company
 and an affiliated entity of his
 proposing a &ldquo;going-private&rdquo; transaction. For detail
 please refer to
8-K filed on January&nbsp;15
 2016.


the Company
 Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Meitek&rdquo;)
 was held by three individuals
 who are also among Meitek&rsquo;s
management. In December 2015
 the company and these three individuals undertook a restructuring of the noncontrolling interest
of Meitek



    
    


whereby
the Company repurchased the 30% interest from these three individuals for a cash consideration $1.5 million
 which is based on an valuation conducted by an independent firm
 less
30% of the registered capital of Meitek
 as the initial registered capital of Meitek was paid by the Company alone with no cash
contribution from these individuals. Subsequently
 in December 2015
 the Company sold the 30% equity interest for a total cash
consideration of $3.8 million
 to Qingdao Boda Fanglue Trading Co.
 Ltd. (17%) and Qingdao Shuofeng Equity Investment Management
Limited Partnership Enterprise (13%)
 which both entities are ultimately controlled by employees of the Company
 including the
three said individual and other management team members of the Company and Meitek. The cash consideration is based on 30% of the
same fair value of Meitek of $12.7 million. As a result of the restructuring
 an additional contribution of $2.3&nbsp;million was
injected by the new noncontrolling shareholders and recorded under &ldquo;Additional paid in capital&rdquo; and. The cash consideration
of 








of United States
 the Company is subject to tax on its income or capital gains. The applicable rate is 34% for fiscal years 2016
2015 and 2014.




in the Netherlands is subject to Netherland&rsquo;s profit tax. The applicable rate is 20% on the first EUR 200
000 of taxable
profits
 and 25% for taxable profits exceeding EUR 200
000 for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014.




to profit tax at 33 1/3% on assessable income.




in the Korea is subject to Korea&rsquo;s profit tax. The applicable rate is 10% on the first KRW 200million of taxable
profits
 20% for taxable profits exceeding KRW 200million and below KRW 20billion
 22% for taxable profits exceeding
KRW 20billion for fiscal years 2016 and 2015.




to profit tax at 16.5% on assessable income.




 2007
 the National People&rsquo;s
Congress of the PRC approved and promulgated the new Enterprise Income Tax Law (&ldquo;EIT Law&rdquo;)
 which took effect beginning
January&nbsp;1
 2008. Under the new EIT law
 foreign investment enterprises and domestic companies are subject to a uniform tax
rate of 25%. The new tax law provides a transition period from its effective date for certain qualifying enterprises which were


    
    



new tax law and which were entitled to certain preferential lower tax rate or tax holiday under the then effective tax laws or
regulations.


are eligible under the transition rules to continue enjoying tax holidays or reduced tax rate until expiration. The following table
illustrates the applicable tax rate and tax holidays of major PRC subsidiaries under the new EIT Law:



    
    
 January&nbsp;1

    


 Ltd.
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    


 Ltd.
    

 2015)


 Ltd.
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    



 dividends which
arise from profits of foreign invested enterprises (&ldquo;FIEs&rdquo;) earned after January&nbsp;1
 2008 are subject to a 10%
withholding tax. In addition
 under the tax arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong
 if the foreign investor is incorporated
in Hong Kong and qualifies as the beneficial owner
 the applicable withholding tax rate is reduced from 10% to 5%
 if the investor
holds at least 25% in the FIE. A deferred tax liability should be recognized for the undistributed profits of PRC companies unless
the Company has sufficient evidence to demonstrate that the undistributed dividends will be indefinitely reinvested. As of March&nbsp;31
2016
 all earnings generated in countries/areas other than United States are intended to be indefinitely reinvested and as a result
the Company did not record any deferred tax liability on such undistributed earnings.

B. Components of income before income tax expense (benefit)



 income (loss)
before income tax expense (benefit) includes the following components:



    
Year
    Ended March&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    

    
    

    
(3
089
21
300
1
232

    
    
    
    

    
(9
242
    
    

    
(6
590
(4
295
(1
453

    
    
    
    

    
45
123
49
994
30
250

    
26
415
67
582
30
478



    
    


C. Reconciliation from the statutory income tax rate to
reported amount of income tax expense (benefit)


to the tax expense (benefit) computed at the US statutory rate was approximately as follows for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014:



    
Year
    Ended March&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    

    
    

    
8
981
22
980
10
364

    
(3
280
(3
699
(3
206

    
    
    
    

    
(1
649
(26
456
(7
597

    
(1
253
    
    

    
1
208
2
331
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
783
1
489
    

    
5
454
(4
449
    


Meitek
Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd. enjoys a preferential tax rate of 15%
 PRC tax holiday
 which may be extended if the requirements

$0.8&nbsp;million and nil for the fiscal years ended March&nbsp;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. The benefit of the PRC tax
holidays on basic and diluted earnings per share was $0.01
 $0.01 and nil for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

D. Deferred tax assets by type of temporary difference
credits and change in valuation allowance


of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts
used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company&rsquo;s net deferred tax assets are as follows:



    
March&nbsp;31
    2016
March&nbsp;31
    2015

    
    

    
    
    

    
1
794
1
920

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
6
664
3
860

    
    
    

    
3
899
4
523

    
2
992
1
981

    
16
300
13
237

    
    
    

    
15
781
12
267

    
    
    

    
8
353
6
118

    
    
    

    
1
753
1
835

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
10
361
8
376

    
(6
880
(8
078

    
3
481
    




    
    



valuation allowance is as follows:



    
March&nbsp;31
    2016
March&nbsp;31
    2015

    
    

    
9
048
38
604

    
(1
649
(26
456

    
    
(3
100

    
7
399
9
048



to record related deferred tax assets and liabilities. The Company considers positive and negative evidence to determine whether
some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will more likely than not be realized. This assessment considers
 among other matters
the nature
 frequency and severity of recent losses
 forecasts of future profitability
 the duration of statutory carryforward
periods
 the Company&rsquo;s experience with tax attributes expiring unused and tax planning alternatives. Valuation allowances
have been established for deferred tax assets based on a more likely than not threshold. The Company&rsquo;s ability to realize
deferred tax assets depends on its ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward periods provided for under
the tax law.

Based

which the deferred tax assets are deductible
 the Company believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the
benefits of the deductible differences of Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.
 and other
major PRC subsidiaries
 therefore no valuation allowance was made for the $16.3 million deferred tax assets as of March&nbsp;31
2016. Synutra France International SAS Incorporated In France recognized $3.0M deferred tax assets on its net operating losses
by end of this fiscal year which could be utilized in future. As for the remaining deferred tax assets of other subsidiaries which
are the cost center attributable to Nutritional Food segment and overseas
 the Company believes it is not more likely than not
that the Company will realize the benefits of the deductible differences
 therefore full valuation allowance of $7.4&nbsp;million
was accrued as of March&nbsp;31
 2016.


subsidiaries in fiscal years 2015. As a result
 the Company derecognized deferred tax assets and released valuation allowance related
to these subsidiaries of $3.0&nbsp;million in fiscal year 2015. No deferred tax assets was derecognized in fiscal years 2016.




on a separate entity basis. Each of the Company&rsquo;s PRC subsidiaries files stand-alone tax returns. The income tax expense
for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014 are summarized as follows:


    
    




    
Year
    Ended March&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
13
736
4
719
    

    
    
2
477
    

    
    
    
    

    
13
957
7
113
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(1
260
    
    

    
(1
253
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
1
528
    

    
(2
936
    
    

    
(4
046
(12
828
    

    
(7
250
(11
300
    

    
5
454
(4
449
    





of authority for each tax position (including the potential application of interests and penalties) based on the technical merits
and has measured the unrecognized benefits associated with the tax positions. These liabilities are recorded in other long term
liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. The Company recognizes the liability for unrecognized tax benefits
 and the associated
interest and penalties within the income tax expense line in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The Company
believes that it is reasonably possible that none of its currently other remaining unrecognized tax benefits may be recognized
by the end of calendar year 2016 as a result of a lapse of the statute of limitations.


the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits for the years presented:



    
Year
    Ended March&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    

    
    

    
1
498
    
    

    
    
1
260
    

    
(1
260
    
    

    
    
1
498
    



tax position because the statute of limitation expired at March 31
 2016. The reduction of the uncertain tax position of $0.3&nbsp;million
in the fiscal year 2015 is related to the disposal of subsidiaries
 Zhangjiakou and Huiliduo. The increment of the uncertain tax
position of $1.3&nbsp;million in fiscal year 2015 is related to a position taken by parent company which more likely than not will
not be sustained upon examination by a taxing authority. The balance of unrecognized tax benefits at March&nbsp;31
 2016
 if recognized
would affect the effective tax rate.


Law
 the statute of limitations is three years if the underpayment of taxes is due to computational errors made by the taxpayer
or withholding agent. The statute of limitations will be extended to five years under special circumstances
 which are not clearly
defined


    
    



RMB100
000 is specifically listed as a special circumstance). In the case of a related party transaction
 the statute of limitations
is ten years. There is no statute of limitations in the case of tax evasion. The Company&rsquo;s PRC subsidiaries are therefore generally
subject to examination by the PRC tax authorities from calendar year 2010 through 2014 on non-transfer pricing matters
 and from
calendar year 2005 through 2014 on transfer pricing matters. The statute of limitations in the US is generally three years.




earnings per share
 the Company used the following weighted average common stocks outstanding:



    
Year
    Ended March&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    

    
    

    
20
236
69
533
30
929

    
57
083
57
301
57
301

    
    
    
    






As
of March&nbsp;31
 2016

000 for advertising purchases
 and $23.2&nbsp;million
for milk powder
 whey powder and liquid milk within the next twelve months. Due to the uncertainty in market price
 the purchase commitments did not include the following commitments:

Commitment to purchase 288 million liters of milk per year for ten years
 at market based prices
at the time of purchase
 beginning from January 1
 2016
 with current purchase price around EUR 300 per 1
000 liter;

Commitment to purchase whey equivalent to 24
000 tons of 70% demineralized pre-concentrated whey
powder per year for ten years
 at market based prices at the time of purchase
 beginning from January 1
 2016
 with current whey
powder purchase price around EUR 1
200 per ton;

Commitment to purchase 6
000 tons of 70% demineralized whey powder per year
 or an equivalent quantity
of liquid whey
 for ten years
 at market based prices at the time of purchase
 beginning from January 1
 2016
 with current purchase
price around EUR 1
200 per ton;

Commitment to purchase 3
000 tons of 90% demineralized whey powder per year
 or an equivalent quantity
of liquid whey
 for three years
 at market based prices at the time of purchase
 beginning from January 1
 2016
 with current purchase
price around EUR 1
300 per ton;

Commitment to purchase liquid
                                         UHT milk
 at market based prices at the time of purchase
 beginning from 2017 of 66
500
                                         tons
 and of 117
300 tons to 124
200 tons in 2018 through 2027; and

Commitment to purchase liquid
                                         UHT milk
 at market based prices at the time of purchase
 beginning from 2017 of 19
000
                                         tons
 and of 77
400 tons to 82
800 tons in 2018 through 2027.


    
    




As

 2016
 the Company&rsquo;s capital expenditure commitments of $12.3&nbsp;million are mainly related to
signed contracts for construction and manufacturing equipment for the French Project.




lease of two land use rights for 13 years and 33 years
 respectively
 under non-cancellable operating lease
 as well as office
facilities and warehouses under non-cancellable operating leases. The operating lease commitments of the Company at March&nbsp;31
2016 are as follows:



    
    
    March&nbsp;31

    
    

    
2
558

    
2
432

    
2
414

    
2
413

    
1
633

    
43
330

    
54
780


The
operating lease expense for fiscal years 2016

 $2.1&nbsp;million and $2.0 million
 respectively.




maker has been identified as the chief executive officer
 who reviews consolidated results when making decisions about allocating
resources and assessing performance of the Company. In fiscal year 2014
 the Company operated and reported its performance in four
segments. However
 starting from fiscal year 2015
 the Company has operated the Powdered Formula and Foods segments as a single
business segment based on a shared distribution network and similar marketing strategies. Therefore
 there are only three reportable
segments for fiscal years 2016 and 2015
 and the segment information in fiscal year of 2014 was restated to be consistent with
the current year reportable segments. The three reportable segments are:

Nutritional
 - Sales of powdered infant and adult formula products
 and prepared foods.

Nutritional
 - Sales of nutritional supplement such as chondroitin sulfate to external customers
 and microencapsulated
Docosahexanoic Acid (&ldquo;DHA&rdquo;) and Arachidonic Acid (&ldquo;ARA&rdquo;) to powdered formula segment.

Other
 - Other business includes non-core businesses such as ancillary sales of excess or unusable ingredients and
materials to industrial customers
 providing genetic diagnostic services for new born babies
 and sales of cosmetics to pregnant
women.


consistent with internal management reporting. The following tables summarized the Company&rsquo;s revenue and cost generated from
different revenue streams.


    
    




    
Year
    Ended March&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    

    
328
632
386
807
314
459

    
27
742
18
516
21
987

    
8
665
8
618
34
088

    
365
039
413
941
370
534

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
10
951
15
752
10
688

    
5
401
    
    

    
16
650
15
848
10
812

    
    
    
    

    
175
502
188
235
155
694

    
1
366
1
708
(2
659

    
    
    
    

    
176
824
189
554
153
507




    
March&nbsp;31
    2016
March&nbsp;31
    2015

    
    

    
    
    

    
754
333
626
317

    
281
616
38
878

    
124
077
2
169

    
4
870
10
528

    
(347
799
(13
007

    
817
097
664
885

    
    
    

    
289
814
180
495

    
12
018
14
039

    
    
1
208

    
302
726
195
742



in the following areas:



    
Year
    Ended March&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    

    
    

    
347
820
397
234
355
218

    
17
219
16
707
15
316

    
365
039
413
941
370
534









 consisted
of property
 plant and equipment and land use rights
 are located in the following areas:



    
March&nbsp;31
    2016
March&nbsp;31
    2015

    
    

    
100
364
104
594

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
202
351
91
148

    
302
726
195
742



    
    



of net sales for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014.




March&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015 was comprised entirely of foreign currency translation adjustments. There are no special items affecting
accumulated other comprehensive income during fiscal year 2016. While during fiscal year 2015
 the Company 1) disposed Zhangjiakou
and reclassified net currency translation adjustments totaling $7.0&nbsp;million from accumulated other comprehensive income to
net income; 2) disposed Beijing Huiliduo with no reclassification of currency translation adjustments.

24. MAINLAND CHINA CONTRIBUTION PLAN AND RESTRICTED NET
ASSETS




participate in a government-mandated multi-employer defined contribution plan pursuant to which certain pension benefits
 medical
care
 unemployment insurance and other welfare benefits are provided to employees. The PRC government is directly responsible for
the payments of the benefits to these retired employees. PRC labor regulations require the Company to accrue for these benefits
based on certain percentage of the employees&rsquo; salaries. The total contribution for such employee benefits were $8.5 million
$7.5 &nbsp;million and $7.1&nbsp;million for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. The Company has no further obligations
subsequent to payment of these amounts to the PRC government.




permit payments of dividends by the Company&rsquo;s PRC subsidiaries only out of their retained earnings
 if any
 as determined
in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. PRC laws and regulations require that annual appropriations of 10%
of after-tax income should be set aside prior to payment of dividends as a general reserve fund. In addition
 there are restrictions
on the distribution of share capital from the Company&rsquo;s PRC subsidiaries. As a result of these PRC laws and regulations
the Company&rsquo;s PRC subsidiaries and PRC affiliates are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets
to the Company in the form of dividends
 loans or advances
 which restricted portion amounted to RMB 1
009.4&nbsp;million
(equivalently $156.2 million) as of March&nbsp;31
 2016.




fiscal years ended March&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015 is as follows:



    
Fiscal
    Year 2016
Fiscal
    Year 2015

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(In thousands except per
    share data)

    
82
329
87
348
109
256
86
106
85
975
102
464
115
331
110
171

    
41
942
40
595
55
365
38
922
38
763
43
900
52
717
54
174

Net income attributable
    to common stockholders
7
593
    
12
038
    
17
940
10
237
17
264
24
092

Weighted average common
    stock outstanding &ndash; basic and diluted
57
301
57
291
57
026
56
712
57
301
57
301
57
301
57
301

Earnings
    per share &ndash; basic and diluted
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION - FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULE I


(Dollars and shares in thousands
 except
per share data)



    
March&nbsp;31
    2016
March&nbsp;31
    2015

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
441
4
056

    
1
441
4
056

    
50
995
50
140

    
79
045
57
382

    
1
809
1
733

    
133
290
113
311

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
1
260

    
    
1
385

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $.0001 par value: 250
000 authorized
 57
301 issued; 56
691 and 57
301 outstanding at March&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
    
    

    
134
693
135
440

    
(14
810
(35
046

    
13
352
11
526

    
133
241
111
926

    
133
290
113
311



    
    




(Dollars in thousands
 except per share
data)



    
Year
    Ended March&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
394
1
186
    

    
1
394
1
186
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
046


 net
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(1
432
    
    

    
19
837
71
265
29
064


    to common stockholders
20
236
69
533
30
929



    
    



CONDENSED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME (LOSS)




    
Year
    Ended March&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    

    
20
236
69
533
30
929


 net of tax
    
    
    

    
1
826
(11
992
1
701

    
    
(7
011
    

    
1
826
(19
003
1
701

    
22
062
50
530
32
630



    
    








    
    
    
Synutra
    International
 Inc. Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
    

    
Common
    Stock
Treasury
    Stock
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Total
    equity

Balance
    arch&nbsp;31
 2013
57
301
    
    
    
135
440
(135
508
28
828
28
766

    
    
    
    
    
    
30
929
    
30
929

Other
    comprehensive income
 net of tax of nil
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
701
1
701

Balance
 March&nbsp;31
    2014
57
301
    
    
    
135
440
(104
579
30
529
61
396

    
    
    
    
    
    
69
533
    
69
533

Other
    comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax of nil
    
    
    
    
    
    
(19
003
(19
003

Balance
 March&nbsp;31
    2015
57
301
    
    
    
135
440
(35
046
11
526
111
926

    
    
    
    
    
    
20
236
    
20
236

Other comprehensive
    income
 net of tax of nil
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
826
1
826

Repurchase of noncontrolling
    interest
    
    
    
    
1
820
    
    
2
006

Contribution from noncontrolling
    shareholders.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
(2
997
    
    
(2
997

Balance
 March&nbsp;31
    2016
56
691
    
    
    
134
693
(14
810
13
352
133
241



of the consolidated financial statements.


    
    








    
Year
    Ended March&nbsp;31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
20
236
69
533
30
929

    
    
    
    

    
(19
837
(71
265
(29
064

    
    
    
(2
046

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
153

    
    
    
(1
588

    
(1
260
1
260
    

    
    
    
    

    
(1
430
(1
021
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
(3
877
    

    
    
7
318
    

    
(1
486
    
    

    
3
736
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
046

    
1
813
4
358
2
046

    
    
    
    

    
(2
998
    
    

    
    
    
(2
860

    
(2
998
    
(2
860

    
(2
615
3
337
    


 beginning of year
4
056
    
1
077


 end of year
1
441
4
056
    






Schedule&nbsp;I has been provided pursuant to the requirements of Rule&nbsp;12&ndash;04(a) and 5&ndash;04(c) of Regulation&nbsp;S&ndash;X
which require condensed financial information as to the financial position
 changes in financial position and results of operations
of a parent company as of the same dates and for the same periods for which audited consolidated financial statements have been
presented when the restricted net assets of consolidated subsidiaries exceed 25 percent of consolidated net assets as of the end
of the most recently completed fiscal year.

The condensed financial information of Synutra International Inc. has been prepared using the same accounting policies as set
out in the accompanying consolidated financial statements except that the equity method has been used to account for investments
in its subsidiaries.

Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP
have been condensed or omitted. The footnote disclosures contain supplemental information relating to the operations of the Company
and
 as such
 these statements should be read in conjunction with the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company.

As of March&nbsp;31
 2016
 there were no material contingencies
 significant provisions of long&ndash;term obligations
 mandatory
dividend or redemption requirements of redeemable stocks or guarantees of the Company
 except for those which have been separately
disclosed in the Consolidated Financial Statement
 if any.

During the fiscal year 2016
 the Company had dividend income
                                         from its subsidiary (Unisono B.V.) of $418
000.


    
    


SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.






    
    
    Beginning&nbsp;of
    
    Costs&nbsp;and
    
    exchange
    
    of&nbsp;Year


 including current and not&ndash;current portion
    
    
    
    

    
2
941
(1
360
    
1
435

    
5
137
(2
189
    
2
941

    
11
352
(3
116
(3
099
5
137

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
446
    
    
    

    
2
248
    
    
1
446

    
2
682
    
    
2
248

    
    
    
    
    

    
9
048
(1
649
    
7
399

    
38
604
(26
456
(3
100
9
048

    
56
971
(18
341
    
38
604



    
    


ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE





Conclusion Regarding Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures


 with the participation of
our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
(as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Form
10-K.


 our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that
 as of March&nbsp;31
 2016
 our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is (a)&nbsp;recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms
and (b)&nbsp;accumulated and communicated to the our management
 including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
or persons performing similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting


and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March&nbsp;31
 2016. In making this assessment
 our management
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on our assessment
 management believes that
 as of March&nbsp;31
 2016
 our internal control over financial
reporting was effective based on those criteria.


firm
 Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
 has issued an attestation report on our internal control over
financial reporting. That attestation report appears below.




over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) in the fiscal year 2016
 which have
materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.


    
    


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


SHAREHOLDERS OF


 INC.:

We
have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Synutra International

interest entity (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of March&nbsp;31
 2016

Framework (2013) 
is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting
 included in the accompanying Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
based on our audit.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk
that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the
assessed risk
 and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


financial reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision of
 the company&rsquo;s principal executive and principal
financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 and effected by the company&rsquo;s board of directors
 management
and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&rsquo;s internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable
detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)&nbsp;provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the company; and (3)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&rsquo;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements.


control over financial reporting
 including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls
 material
misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also
 projections of any evaluation of
the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 the Company maintained
in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of March&nbsp;31
 2016
 based on the criteria
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission.


 in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the consolidated financial statements and the related
financial statement schedules as of and for the year ended March&nbsp;31
 2016 of the Company and our report dated June 13
 2016
expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and financial statement schedules.


    
    



PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS LLP


 China

June&nbsp;13
2016




was required to be disclosed in a report on Form 8-K during the fiscal year 2016
 but was not reported.


    
    




ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 DIRECTORS AND SIGNIFICANT EMPLOYEES


our directors and executive officers as of the date of this Form 10-K:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Vice President
 Production

    
    
    
    
Vice President
 Human resources and administration

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





Member of audit Committee
 compensation committee and nominating committee



Liang
. Liang Zhang is our founder and has served as the chairman of our board of directors and Chief Executive officer
since we became a public company in 2005. Mr. Zhang is also currently in charge of our marketing and sales function. Prior to that
Mr. Zhang served as chief executive officer of Synutra Illinois since 2000. Mr. Zhang has worked in the food ingredients industry
since the 1980s and founded his first entrepreneurial venture
 Honnete Beijing
 in the early 1990s. Honnete Beijing has since become
the dominant supplier of whey protein products in China. Mr. Zhang has been recognized as a business leader in the dairy industry
in China. Mr. Zhang&rsquo;s experience as founder of Honnete Beijing gives him valuable insight into marketing strategies in our
industry. Mr. Zhang received a bachelor&rsquo;s degree in French language and literature from Nanjing International Relations Institute
of China.

Ning
. Ning Cai joined us in December 2012. Ms. Cai has nineteen years of experience in corporate finance and investment
banking. Ms. Cai joins Synutra from Trina Solar Limited (NYSE: TSL)
 where she served as a director of investment analysis from
April 2010 to April 2012 and as the controller of System Group &amp; China region from May 2012 to December 2012. Before that
Ms. Cai worked for nine years at Scotia Capital
 the investment banking arm of Bank of Nova Scotia (NYSE: BNS). Ms. Cai worked
on the execution team in Scotia Capital&rsquo;s San Francisco office where she held progressive positions as an Associate from 2001 to
2003
 an Associate Director from 2003 to 2006 and as a Director from 2006 to 2009
 primarily covering the portfolio management
and deal execution for the real estate
 gaming &amp; leisure
 and technology industries. Ms. Cai started her career with Ernst
&amp; Young&rsquo;s Shanghai office where she was a staff accountant in the tax group from 1997 to 1999. Ms. Cai earned a Bachelor
in Economics from Shanghai International Studies University and an MBA from University of Iowa Tippie Business School. Ms. Cai
holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation.

Xisen
. Xisen Mu has served as our vice president of production since January 2007. Before joining us
 Mr. Mu worked as
general manager of Heilongjiang Dairy Group since 2001. Prior to that
 Mr. Mu held senior positions with other major dairy companies
in Heilongjiang province. He has more than twenty


    
    



in China. Mr. Mu received a diploma in management from Qiqihar Institute of Light Industry.

Feng
. Feng Zha joined us in February 2009 and has served as our vice president of human resources and administration
since then. Before joining us
 Mr. Zha worked as general manager of PRC Venture Partners LLC from 2006 to 2009. Mr. Zha was one
of the major founders of Red Bull business in China
 and had been the general manager of Red Bull Vitamin Drink Co. Ltd. from 1995
to 2003. Prior to that
 Mr. Zha engaged in food safety monitoring in the Ministry of Health of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China.
Mr. Zha serves as member of market economy committee of the China Dairy Industry Association. Mr. Zha received a master&rsquo;s
degree in Biological statistics and information management from Wuhan Medical University
 and an MBA from Concordia University
in Canada.

Jinrong
. Jinrong Chen has served as a director of our board of directors since June 27
 2006. Ms. Chen has served as associate
professor at the School of Economics and Management of Tsinghua University in Beijing since 2001
 specializing in corporate finance
management
 securities analysis
 financial operations
 corporate governance and controls. In addition to her academic career with
top business schools in China
 Ms. Chen also advises or sits on the board and audit committee of Bosun Tools Co.
 Ltd. and Citic
Development &ndash; Shenyang Commercial Building (Group) Company Limited which are listed in China
 and certain private businesses
in China. Ms. Chen has extensive knowledge of finance and accounting issues from her experience as professor at the School of Economics
and Management of Tsinghua University
 and her experience with Bosun Tools Co.
 Ltd. and Citic Development &ndash; Shenyang Commercial
Building (Group) Company Limited gives the Board perspective with respect to corporate governance and brand building. Ms. Chen
received her bachelor&rsquo;s degree in accounting from Beijing Institute of Electronics &amp; Information and her MBA degree from
Renmin University of China.

Lei
. Lei Lin has served as an independent director of our board of directors since October 1
 2007. Mr. Lin is the founder
and chairman of Sinotrust International Information and Consulting (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd. established in 1992
 and which is a leading
marketing research and consulting company in China. Mr. Lin also sits on the board of Xiezhong International Holdings Limited
New Focus Auto Tech Holdings Limited
 and Car Inc. which are listed in China. Mr. Lin&rsquo;s experience as the founder and chairman
of Sinotrust provides him with deep insight into all aspects of business management. Mr. Lin received his bachelor&rsquo;s degree
in economic information management from Renmin University of China in July 1990.

Donghao
. Donghao Yang served as our Chief Financial Officer from June 10
 2010 to August 29
 2011. Mr. Yang has served
as a director of our board of directors since August 29
 2011. Mr. Yang has extensive experience in corporate finance
 commodity
trading and international business development. Mr. Yang has held senior executive and managerial positions in various public
and private companies
 including serving as Chief Financial Officer of VIP shop (NASDAQ: VIPS) from August 2011 until now
 Chief
Financial Officer of Greater China of Tyson Foods
 Inc. (NYSE: TSN) from March 2007 to April 2010
 as Finance Director of Asia
Pacific of Valmont Industries
 Inc. (NYSE: VMI) from October 2003 to March 2007
 and as Director in China Minerals Brazil Holding
Limited from January 1999 to April 2001. Mr. Yang earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in International Economics from Nankai University
in 1993 and a Master of Business Administration degree from Harvard Business School in 2003. On June 12
 2016
 Mr. Yang notified
us of his intention to resign from our board of directors
 effective on June 30
 2016.

Yalin
. Yalin Wu has served as a director of our board of directors since January 21
 2016. Mr. Wu has been the Chief Executive
Officer of Northern Investment &amp; Financial Consultants Ltd. Co. since 2009. Prior to that he had twenty years of experience
in financial and strategic consulting
 including seventeen years with various offices of Deloitte Consulting Group in Canada
 U.S.
and China with most recent roles as


    
    



Ltd. from 2007 to 2008
 and as Deputy Executive CEO with Deloitte Consultants (Shanghai) Ltd. from 1999 to 2003. Mr. Wu started
his career as a teacher in Beijing from 1982 to 1986. Mr. Wu received a master&rsquo;s degree in Economic Geography from Wilfrid
Laurier University in 1990.

Our

 unless re-elected or earlier vacated in accordance
with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by and serve at the discretion of the board of directors. All officers have a term
of office lasting until their removal or replacement by our board of directors. There are no family relationships among our directors
or officers.




directors
 consisting of four independent directors
 all of whom are independent as defined by the applicable listing requirements
of the NASDAQ Global Select Market.

On
June&nbsp;11
 2008
 our board of directors and stockholders approved our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 which
became effective on October&nbsp;17
 2008. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors
shall be divided into three classes of directors. The three classes
 which are required to be as nearly equal in number as possible
will be designated class I
 class II and class III. The directors serve staggered three-year terms and hold office until their
term of office expires or until such time as they are removed from office by resolution of our stockholders. As of the date of
this Form 10-K
 Liang Zhang and Donghao Yang are class I directors

 and
Lei Lin and Yalin Wu are class III directors.




described below and may establish others from time to time.




Chen
 Donghao Yang and Lei Lin
 whom are independent as defined by the applicable listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Select
Market. Ms.&nbsp;Chen is the chairperson of our audit committee and serves as the financial expert of the committee. The audit
committee oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of our financial statements. The audit committee
is responsible for
 among other things:


reviewing and discussing with management and the independent registered public accounting firm our annual and quarterly financial
statements and related disclosures;


coordinating the oversight and reviewing the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting with both management
and the independent registered public accounting firm;


establishing policies and procedures for the receipt and retention of accounting related complaints and concerns
 including
a confidential
 anonymous mechanism for the submission of concerns by employees;


    
    




periodically reviewing legal compliance matters
 including securities trading policies
 periodically reviewing significant
accounting and other risks or exposures to our company
 reviewing and
 if appropriate
 approving all transactions between our company
or its subsidiaries and any related party (as described in Item 404 of Regulation&nbsp;S&ndash;K) and periodically reviewing business
expenses of our chief executive officer; and







Chen and Lei Lin. Ms.&nbsp;Chen is the chairperson of our compensation committee. The purpose of our compensation committee is
to discharge the responsibilities of our board of directors relating to compensation of our executive officers. Specific responsibilities
of our compensation committee include:













Chen and Lei Lin. Mr.&nbsp;Lin is the chairperson of our nominating committee. The purpose of our nominating committee is to be
primarily responsible for identifying individuals qualified to serve as members of the board of directors and recommending to the
board the persons to be nominated by the board as nominees for director at each annual meeting of our stockholders. Specific responsibilities
of our nominating committee include:








recommending to the board of directors the persons to be nominated for election as directors and to each of the board of directors&rsquo;
committees;


developing and recommending to the board of directors a code of ethical conduct and a set of corporate governance policies
and practices; and







our executive officers
 directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities
to file reports of


    
    



SEC. Based solely upon our review of these reports furnished to us
 we believe that during the fiscal year 2016
 our officers
directors and greater than ten percent beneficial owners complied with the Section&nbsp;16(a) filing requirements.




all of our employees
 including its principal executive officer
 principal financial officer and principal accounting officer
and the board of directors. A copy of this code is available on our website at 
 and is included as Exhibit&nbsp;14.1
to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on June&nbsp;16
 2008. A copy of our code of ethics may be obtained free of charge by writing
to Investor Relations
 2275 Research Blvd.
 Suite 500
 Rockville
 Maryland 20850. We intend to disclose any changes in or waivers
from our code of ethics by posting such information on our website or by filing a Form 8-K.






of compensation earned by our named executive officers during the fiscal year 2016. Our executive compensation programs are determined
and approved by the compensation committee of our board of directors.


for the fiscal year 2016
 include:


Liang Zhang
 who serves as our chairman and chief executive officer;


Ning Cai
 who serves as our chief financial officer;


Xisen Mu
 who serves as vice president for production management; and


Feng Zha
 who serves as vice president for human resources and administration.


 the amounts reported
in this Form 10-K have been converted from Renminbi to U.S. dollars based on the conversion rate as of March&nbsp;31
 2016 of RMB6.4612
to $1.00.




for establishing
 implementing and monitoring our executive compensation program philosophy and practices. The compensation committee
seeks to ensure that the total compensation paid to our executive officers is fair
 reasonable and competitive.




an effective executive compensation program should provide base annual compensation that is reasonable in relation to the individual
executive&rsquo;s job responsibilities and reward the achievement of both annual and long-term strategic goals of our company.
Because of the size of our company
 the small number of executive officers in our company
 and our


    
    



 the
compensation committee has decided not to implement or offer any retirement plans
 deferred compensation plans or other similar
plans for our named executive officers. Accordingly
 for the fiscal year 2016
 the components of our executive compensation program
consisted of cash salary only. We note
 however
 that since 2008
 our company has maintained the 2008 Stock Incentive Plan
 which
provides us with the ability to grant stock-based awards to all employees
 officers and directors. Although the compensation committee
has not to date granted any stock-based awards
 the compensation committee may in future years reassess the levels of equity and
cash compensation offered to our executives in light of our profitability and other performance factors.




the performance of each named executive officer. The compensation committee makes all decisions with respect to compensation for
the chief executive officer. Decisions regarding the compensation of our named executive officers other than our chief executive
officer are made by our chief executive officer. According to our Compensation Committee Charter
 the compensation committee shall
have primary authority and responsibility for determining the type and level of compensation of the Chief Executive Officer. The
Chief Executive Officer in consultation with the compensation committee shall have primary responsibility for determining the type
and level of compensation of the other named executive officers.




 neither
our company nor the compensation committee retains outside compensation consultants. Instead
 the compensation committee reviews
compensation data for executives of other listed companies located in China but our company does not use this data to benchmark
the compensation of its executives. The compensation committee utilizes this data to set compensation for our named executive officers
at levels targeted at or around the average of the compensation amounts provided to similarly situated executives at comparable
local companies considering
 for each executive
 his or her individual experience level and the responsibilities of his or her
position with us. There is no pre-established policy or target for the allocation between cash and non-cash incentive compensation.




agreements with each of our named executive officers. The terms and conditions of each employment agreement are the result of negotiations
between the executive officer and us
 and the framework and structure of the agreements are intended to comply with applicable
PRC labor and employment laws.


has an indefinite term and provides for an annual base salary of approximately $293
055. Ning Cai&rsquo;s employment agreement
will end on February&nbsp;28
 2017
 unless extended upon mutual agreement
 and provides for an annual base salary of $123
734.
Xisen Mu&rsquo;s employment agreement has an indefinite term and provides for an annual base salary of $123
278. Feng Zha&rsquo;s
employment agreement has an indefinite term and provides for an annual base salary of $146
723.


    
    


Fiscal Year 2016 Named Executive Officer Compensation
Components


 the principal
component of compensation for our named executive officers was their base salary and bonus. We provide named executive officers
with a base salary to compensate them for services rendered during the fiscal year. The base salaries of our named executive officers
vary. The base salary for each named executive officer is based on his or her position and responsibility. The bonus is based on
his or her position and our annual overall performance
 including certain sales expectations.


officers
 the compensation committee and the Chief Executive Officer primarily consider:





internal review of the executive officer&rsquo;s compensation
 both individually and relative to other executive officers;
and





as part of our performance review process
 as well as upon a change in job responsibility. Merit-based increases to salaries are
based on the compensation committee&rsquo;s assessment of the individual&rsquo;s performance.


any equity-based compensation for the fiscal year 2016.




almost 100% of votes were cast
 on an advisory basis
 in favor of the &ldquo;say-on-pay&rdquo; vote on executive compensation.
As such
 the compensation committee has concluded that our stockholders are satisfied with our existing compensation program. Based
on this result and our ongoing review of our compensation policies
 we believe that our existing executive compensation program
effectively aligns the interests of our named executive officers with the long term goals of the Company.




policies and practices for all of our employees with our compensation committee. The compensation committee has determined
 based
on this review
 that our compensation policies and practices are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our
company.




and discussed with management the &ldquo;Compensation Discussion and Analysis&rdquo; required by Item 402(b) of Regulation&nbsp;S-K
and
 based on such review and discussions
 has recommended to our board of directors that the foregoing &ldquo;Compensation Discussion
and Analysis&rdquo; be included in this Annual Report.





    
    


Summary Compensation Table &mdash; Fiscal Year Ended
March&nbsp;31
 2016


regarding compensation of our named executive officers for services rendered during the fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014. The amounts
reported in this table for the fiscal year 2016 have been converted from Renminbi to U.S. dollars based on the March&nbsp;31
 2016
conversion rate of RMB6.4612 to $1.00.



    
    
    March&nbsp;31
    
    
    

    
    
278
586
75
218
353
804

    
    
293
055
97
685
390
739

    
    
292
583
88
750
381
333

    
    
102
148
    
102
148

    
    
123
734
    
123
734

    
    
107
280
    
107
280

    
    
117
192
10
531
127
723


 Production
    
123
278
13
676
136
954

    
    
123
080
12
425
135
505

    
    
139
479
37
609
177
088


 Human Resources
    
146
723
48
842
195
565

    
    
146
487
44
375
190
862





Mr.&nbsp;Mu and Zha
 along with our chief executive officer and chief financial officer
 are our only executive officers who
earned or were paid more than $100
000 with respect to fiscal year 2016.

Stock-Based Awards &mdash; Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31
2016


any grants of options or other stock-based awards during the fiscal year 2016. Additionally
 none of our named executive officers
held any outstanding options or other stock-based awards as of the last day of the fiscal year 2016
 nor did any of our named executive
officers exercise any options or hold any other stock awards that vested during the fiscal year 2016.

Potential Payments upon Termination of Employment or
Change of Control


with our named executive officers that provide for severance or change of control benefits. Upon a termination of employment by
us
 any employee
 including our named executive officers
 is generally entitled under PRC labor law to one month&rsquo;s severance
pay for each full year he or she has been employed with us (with a minimum of one month&rsquo;s severance pay and a maximum of
12 months&rsquo; severance pay).

Director Compensation &mdash; Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31
2016


regarding the compensation for the fiscal year 2016 to members of our board of directors who were not also employed by us (referred
to as our &ldquo;non-employee directors&rdquo;) during the fiscal year 2016. None of our non-employee directors held any outstanding
options or other stock-based awards as of March&nbsp;31
 2016. Liang Zhang did not receive any compensation for his services as
a director for the fiscal year 2016.


    
    




    
    
    Paid&nbsp;in&nbsp;Cash&nbsp;($)
    

    
80
097
80
097

    
80
097
80
097

    
42
717
42
717

    
44
500
44
500




(1)

500 for services rendered in connection with his or her membership in the special
committee formed to consider a going-private proposal dated January 14
 2016.




 our non-employee directors are
entitled to receive an annual cash retainer for his or her services as a director as specified in the above table. In addition
our non-employee directors are reimbursed for travel
 lodging and other reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred in
attending meetings of the board and board committees. Our non-employee directors do not receive any equity-based awards or any
other compensation for their service as directors.




the compensation committee during the fiscal year 2016. None of these directors is or was an executive officer of our company or
had any relationships requiring disclosure by us under the SEC&rsquo;s rules requiring disclosure of certain relationships and
related-party transactions. None of our executive officers served as a director or a member of a compensation committee (or other
committee serving an equivalent function) of any other entity
 the executive officers of which served as a director or member of
our compensation committee during the fiscal year 2016.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS




as of the date of this Form 10-K
 regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock by:














beneficially owned are reported on the basis of regulations of the SEC governing the determination of beneficial ownership of securities.
Under the rules of the SEC
 a person is deemed to be a &ldquo;beneficial owner&rdquo; of a security if that person has or shares
&ldquo;voting power
&rdquo; which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security
 or &ldquo;investment power
&rdquo;
which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed


    
    



of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days after the date of this Form 10-K. Under these rules
more than one person may be deemed a beneficial owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed a beneficial owner of securities
as to which he has no economic interest. Except as indicated by footnote
 the persons named in the table below have sole voting
and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them.


690
687
shares of common stock outstanding as of the date of this Form 10-K. Unless otherwise noted below
 the address of the persons listed
on the table is 2275 Research Blvd.
 Suite 500
 Rockville
 Maryland 20850.



    
Shares
    Beneficially Owned

    
    
    

    
    
    


 Director and Chief Executive
    Officer(1)
36
000
000
    


 Chief Financial Officer
    
    


 Vice President
    
    


 Vice President
    
    


 Director and Former Chief Financial
    Officer
1
200
    


 Director
    
    


 Director
    
    


 Director
    
    


    and Directors as a Group
36
001
600
    

    
    
    


 L.P.(2)
4
000
000
    







This amount includes 36
000
000 shares owned by Beams Power Investment
                                         Limited
 or Beams
 a British Virgin Islands company
 which are pledged to a
                                         certain lender in connection with a debt financing arrangement. Liang Zhang has dispositive
                                         and voting power over investments by Beams. Liang Zhang&rsquo;s wife
 Xiuqing Meng
 is
                                         the sole shareholder and director of Beams. See &ldquo;Item 13. Certain Relationships
                                         and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.&rdquo;

According to a Schedule&nbsp;13D/A filed by Warburg Pincus Private
                                         Equity IX
 L.P.
 or WP IX
 with the SEC on December 23
 2015. Warburg Pincus IX GP L.P.
 or WP IX GP
 a Delaware limited partnership
 is the general partner of WP IX. WPP GP LLC
 or WPP GP
 a Delaware limited liability company
 is the general partner of WP IX GP. Warburg Pincus Partners
 L.P.
 or WP Partners
 a Delaware limited partnership
 is managing member of WPP GP. Warburg Pincus Partners GP LLC
 or WPP GP LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
 is the general partner of WP Partners. Warburg Pincus &amp; Co.
 or WP
 a New York general partnership
 is the managing member of WPP GP LLC. Warburg Pincus LLC
 or WP LLC
 a New York limited liability company
 manages WP IX. Messrs. Charles R. Kaye and Joseph P. Landy
 each a Managing General Partner of WP and a Managing Member and Co-Chief Executive Officer of WP LLC
 who may be deemed to control WP IX
 WP IX GP
 WPP GP
 WP Partners
 WPP GP LLC
 WP and WP LLC. WP IX
 WP IX GP
 WPP GP
 WP Partners
 WPP GP LLC
 WP
 WP LLC are collectively referred to as the &ldquo;Warburg Pincus Entities.&rdquo; Messrs. Kaye
                                         and Landy may be deemed to indirectly beneficially own the shares held by WP IX because
                                         of their affiliation with the Warburg Pincus Entities. Messrs. Kaye and Landy disclaim
                                         beneficial ownership of the shares held by Warburg except to the extent of their indirect
                                         pecuniary interest therein. The address of the Warburg Pincus Entities is 466 Lexington
                                         Avenue
 New York
 New York
 10017. This amount represents the shares of common stock
                                         held directly by the Warburg Pincus Entities.

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation
Plans


Plan which has been approved by our shareholders. The plan will terminate on June&nbsp;10
 2018. To date
 we have not issued any
awards under this plan.


of common stocks remaining available for future issuance under the plan as of March&nbsp;31
 2016.


    
    




    
    
 Options

    Rights
    
 Options

    
    Common&nbsp;Stocks
    Plans&nbsp;(Excluding

    
    
    
12
500
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
500
000


ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

Transactions with Affiliate Companies controlled by
Liang Zhang


 chief executive officer and
principal stockholder
 Liang Zhang
 and his immediate family
 controls several other companies in China.


 our sales
to related parties mainly included feed grade milk powder and whey powder to Ao Naier
 and powdered formula products to St. Angel
(Beijing) Business Service
 and services for related parties represent office spaces rented to Honnete Beijing
 Ao Naier
 St. Angel
(Beijing) Business Service
 and St. Angel Cultural Communication. The following table sets forth the value of our sales to and
service for our related parties for the fiscal years 2016 and 2015:



    
Year
    Ended March&nbsp;31


    
    
    

    
    


 Ltd.
    
    


 Ltd.
11
867
4
651


 Ltd.
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    

    
12
161
5
220



 St. Angel
Cultural Communication implemented certain marketing activities for our company. The following table sets forth the value of the
service received from our related parties for the fiscal years 2016 and 2015:



    
Year
    Ended March&nbsp;31


    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





 2016
 Beams entered into
a note purchase agreement with FNOF Sharing Economy Limited
 a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws
of the British Virgin Islands
 or FNOF
 pursuant to which Beams agreed to sell and FNOF agreed to purchase a convertible


    
    




 or the 2016 Note. The 2016 Note is guaranteed
by Ms. Meng and Mr. Zhang in favor of FNOF and secured by (1) a deed of share charge granted by Ms. Meng in respect of all ordinary
shares of Beams in favor of FNOF and (2) a pledge agreement in respect of all shares of our common stock held by Beams in favor
of FNOF.

third anniversary of its original date of issuance
 or the Maturity Date. It will bear an annual interest of 10.0% prior to the
completion of an acquisition by Beams of all the shares of our common stock not owned by Beams
 or a Going Private Transaction
payable by Beams on a quarterly basis from the original date of issuance of the 2016 Note
 to but excluding the date on which
the entire principal amount of the 2016 Note has been redeemed
 converted or exchanged in accordance with the terms of the 2016
Note. The 2016 Note
 subject to other terms and conditions provided therein
 may be exchangeable into shares of our common stock
on the Maturity Date if a Going Private Transaction has not been completed by the Maturity Date at an exchange price of $5.91
minus any cash dividends declared prior to the transfer of such shares of our common stock to FNOF
 subject to further adjustment
in accordance with the terms of the 2016 Note.

from the issuance of the 2016 Note to repay outstanding amounts owing under a facility agreement entered into between Beams as
borrower
 Deutsche Bank AG
 Hong Kong Branch as facility agent and other parties on February 21
 2014.





restrictions on foreign investment in medical clinical operations
 we operate our medical treatment services (mostly pre-natal
diagnostics services) through Beijing Syclin
 a subsidiary of Huimin
 which is not directly owned by us. We control and consolidate
these entities into our group consolidated results through a series of contractual arrangements which are summarized below.


Exclusive Consulting and Service Agreement entered into by and between Shengyuan Nutrition
and Huimin. Pursuant to this agreement
 Shengyuan Nutrition agrees to provide to Huimin certain consulting services for which
Huimin shall pay Shengyuan Nutrition a service fee in an amount equal to 10%-50% of Huimin&rsquo;s monthly net sale
 the exact
percentage to be determined by the two parties. The term of the agreement is 10 years unless Shengyuan Nutrition terminates it




Business Operating Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutrition
 Huimin
Jibin Zhang (our Director of Treasury) and Yunpeng Jiang (our Director of Strategic Development). Pursuant to this agreement
Huimin agrees to conduct its business in a manner consistent with Shengyuan Nutrition&rsquo;s direction. In addition
 Jibin Zhang




Call Option Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutrition
 Huimin
 Jibin
Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang. Pursuant to this agreement
 within a ten-year period and any extended period as requested by Shengyuan
Nutrition
 Shengyuan Nutrition is entitled to an irrevocable and exclusive right to purchase or authorize any third party to purchase
the shares of Huimin held by Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang at the lowest feasible price according to PRC laws and regulations.
In addition




    
    




right at any time during the effective period of this agreement and there is no limit on the number of calls until Shengyuan Nutrition
hold 100% of Huimin&rsquo;s shares.


Pledge Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutrition
 Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng
Jiang. To ensure the performance of the Exclusive Consulting and Service Agreement
 Call Option Agreement and Business Operating
Agreement
 Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang
 as pledgers under this agreement
 pledge all of their shares and corresponding interests
and rights in Huimin to Shengyuan Nutrition




Entrustment Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutrition
 Jibin Zhang and
Yunpeng Jiang. Pursuant to this agreement
 Shengyuan Nutrition loans Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang each RMB15
000
000 to establish
companies for pre-natal diagnostic services in China. Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang are the nominal shareholders of these companies



Review
 Approval or Ratification of Transactions with
Related Parties


the audit committee must approve any new class of transactions involving our company in which any of our directors
 director nominees
executive officers
 greater than five percent beneficial owners and their respective immediate family members has a direct or indirect
material interest. In doing so
 our board of directors takes into account
 among other factors it deems appropriate:








the approximate dollar value of the amount of the related person&rsquo;s interest in the transaction without regard to the
amount of any profit or loss;





whether the transaction with the related person is proposed to be
 or was
 entered into on terms no less favorable to us than
terms that could have been reached with an unrelated third party;


the purpose of
 and the potential benefits to us of
 the transaction; and


any other information regarding the transaction or the related person in the context of the proposed transaction that would
be material to investors in light of the circumstances of the particular transaction.




board members
 excluding Liang Zhang
 are independent under the applicable NASDAQ rules. Our board of director has also determined
the members of audit committee
 compensation committee and nominating committee of the board are independent under the listing
standards of the NASDAQ Global Select Market. See &ldquo;Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance&mdash;Board
Committees&mdash;Audit Committee.&rdquo; In making these determinations
 our board of


    
    



 among other things
the types and amounts of the commercial dealings between our company and the companies and organizations with which the directors
are affiliated.




Certified Public Accountants LLP
 or Deloitte
 as our independent auditors. The engagement was approved by our audit committee.
No relationship existed in any manner between Deloitte and us prior to the date we engaged Deloitte.



Deloitte

071
000 and $1
121
000 for the fiscal years 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 for
professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements included in Form 10-K and for the reviews of the
financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 or services that are normally provided by the accountant in
connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for the fiscal years 2016 and 2015.




000 and nil for the
fiscal years 2016 and 2015
 for audit related service
 respectively.




000 for the fiscal
year 2016
 and was paid no fees for the fiscal year 2015 for tax related service.




other services rendered to us for the fiscal years 2016 and 2015.




pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent auditors. These services may include audit
services
 audit-related services
 tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year and any
pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services. The independent auditor and management are required
to periodically report to the audit committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent auditor in accordance
with this pre-approval.


    
    







this Annual Report on Form 10-K:


in Item 8 of this Report.


in Item 8 of this Report
 and the Consolidated Financial Schedules listed on such index filed as part of this Report are filed
as part of this Report.


filed as part of this Report are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Report.


    
    





Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.



    
SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.

    
    
    

 June 13

    
    

    
    

    
    



appoints each of Liang Zhang and Ning Cai
 severally and not jointly
 to be his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent
with full power of substitution and resubstitution
 for him or her and in his or her name
 place and stead
 in any and all capacities
to sign any amendments to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2016; granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent
full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done
 as fully for all intents
and purposes as he or she might or could do in person
 hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent
or his or her substitute or substitutes
 shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.


Exchange Act of 1934
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
 2016

    
    
    
    
    



    
    






Exhibit
    Number
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Synutra International
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;3.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10&ndash;Q filed on November&nbsp;11
 2008)

    
    
Amended and Restated Bylaws of Synutra International
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;3.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10&ndash;Q filed on November&nbsp;11
 2008)

    
    
Specimen common stock certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;4.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10&ndash;K filed on June&nbsp;16
 2008)

    
    
Employment Agreement between Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd. and Liang Zhang
 dated December&nbsp;21
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10&ndash;K filed on June&nbsp;9
 2010)

    
    
Employment Agreement between Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 Beijing R&amp;D Center and Xisen Mu
 dated September&nbsp;1
 2011(incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.5 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10&ndash;K filed on June&nbsp;14
 2012)

    
    
Employment Agreement between Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 Beijing R&amp;D Center and Feng Zha
 dated February&nbsp;29
 2012(incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.6 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10&ndash;K filed on June&nbsp;14
 2012)

    
    
Employment Agreement between Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 Beijing R&amp;D Center and Ning Cai
 dated December&nbsp;18
 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.5 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10&ndash;K filed on June&nbsp;13
 2013)

    
    
Common Stock Purchase Agreement between Synutra International
 Inc. and Warburg Pincus Private Equity IX
 L.P. 
 dated May&nbsp;24
 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8&ndash;K/A filed on June&nbsp;1
 2007)

    
    
Voting and Co&ndash;Sale Agreement among Synutra International
 Inc.
 Beams Power Investment Limited
 and Warburg Pincus Private Equity IX
 L.P.
 dated June&nbsp;15
 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8&ndash;K/A filed on June&nbsp;1
 2007)

    
    
Synutra International
 Inc. 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8&ndash;K filed on June&nbsp;17
 2008)

    
    
Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under Synutra International
 Inc. 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.16A to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10&ndash;K filed on June&nbsp;15
 2009)

    
    
Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under Synutra International
 Inc.
 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.16B to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10&ndash;K filed on June&nbsp;15
 2009)

    
    
Exclusive Consulting and Service Agreement entered into by and between Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd. and Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd. dated July&nbsp;20
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.17 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10&ndash;K filed on June&nbsp;9
 2010)

    
    
Business Operating Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd. and Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang dated July&nbsp;20
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.18 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10&ndash;K filed on June&nbsp;9
 2010)

    
    
Equity Disposal Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd. and Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang dated July&nbsp;20
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.19 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10&ndash;K filed on June&nbsp;9
 2010)

    
    
Share Pledge Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd. and Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang dated July&nbsp;20
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.20 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10&ndash;K filed on June&nbsp;9
 2010)



    
    




Exhibit
    Number
    
    

    
    
Entrustment Agreement entered into by and among Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd. and Jibin Zhang and Yunpeng Jiang dated July&nbsp;20
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.21 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10&ndash;K filed on June&nbsp;9
 2010)

    
    
Partnership framework
    agreement among Sodiaal Union
 Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd. and Synutra France International SAS
 dated September
    17
 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November
    9
 2012)

    
    
Milk supply agreement among
    Sodiaal Union
 Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd. and Synutra France International SAS
 dated September 17
 2012 (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9
 2012)

    
    
Whey supply agreement among
    Euroserum SAS
 Sodiaal Union
 Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd. and Synutra France International SAS
 dated September 17
    2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November
    9
 2012)

    
    
Fat-enriched or non fat-enriched
    demineralized whey powder supply agreement among Euroserum SAS
 Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd. and Synutra France International
    SAS
 dated September 17
 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form
    10-Q filed on November 9
 2012)

    
    
Code of Ethics for Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;14. 1 to the Registrant&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10&ndash;K filed on June&nbsp;16
 2008)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule&nbsp;13a&ndash;14(a) and Rule&nbsp;15d&ndash;14(a)
 promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended

    
    
Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule&nbsp;13a&ndash;14(a) and Rule&nbsp;15d&ndash;14(a)
 promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended

    
    
Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes&ndash;Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Executive Officer)

    
    
Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes&ndash;Oxley Act of 2002 (Chief Financial Officer)

    
    
Interactive data files pursuant to Rule&nbsp;405
    of Regulation&nbsp;S&ndash;T: (i)&nbsp;the Consolidated Balance Sheets&mdash;March&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015
 (ii)&nbsp;the Consolidated
    Statements of Operations&mdash;Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 (iii)&nbsp;the Consolidated Statements
    of Comprehensive Income (Loss)&mdash;Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 (iv)&nbsp;the Consolidated
    Statements of Equity&mdash;Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 (v)&nbsp;the Consolidated Statements of Cash
    Flows&mdash;Fiscal Year Ended March&nbsp;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 and (vi)&nbsp;Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.



    














     





Subsidiaries of Synutra International
 Inc.



    
    
    

Synutra
 Inc.
    
    

Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

Inner Mongolia Mengyuan Food Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

Heilongjiang Longshan Dairy Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Global Food Trading (Shanghai) Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

    
    
    

Shanghai Precious Care Cosmetic Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

Qingdao Xihai Jintao Cross&ndash;Border Electronic Commerce Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

Korea Jintao Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

Ruishi Pingo (Beijing) Paper Co.

    
    

    
    
Maryland
 USA


Variable Interest Entity (VIE) and its subsidiary of
Synutra International
 Inc.



    
    
    

Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

Beijing Syclin Clinical Laboratory Co.
 Ltd.
    
    



    














     








 Liang Zhang
 certify that:


on Form 10&ndash;K of Synutra International
 Inc.;


 this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;


 the financial
statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a&ndash;15(e) and 15d&ndash;15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a&ndash;15(f)
and 15d&ndash;15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and


in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and


officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and



fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.

Date:

 2016



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    














     








 Ning Cai
 certify that:


on Form 10&ndash;K of Synutra International
 Inc.;


 this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;


 the financial
statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a&ndash;15(e) and 15d&ndash;15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a&ndash;15(f)
and 15d&ndash;15(f)) for the registrant and have:


and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or
is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and


officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and



 whether or not material
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting.


 2016



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    














     





SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.




the undersigned
 Liang Zhang
 Chief Executive Officer of Synutra International
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Registrant&rdquo;)
 hereby certifies
to his knowledge
 that the Registrant&rsquo;s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended March&nbsp;31
 2016 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 and that the information
contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.


 2016



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



required by Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the
Registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.


with the Registrant&rsquo;s Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section&nbsp;18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and it is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant
whether made before or after the date hereof
 regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.


    














     





SYNUTRA INTERNATIONAL
 INC.




the undersigned
 Ning Cai
 Chief Financial Officer of Synutra International
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Registrant&rdquo;)
 hereby certifies
to her knowledge
 that the Registrant&rsquo;s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended March&nbsp;31
 2016 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 and that the information
contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.


 2016



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



required by Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the
Registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.


with the Registrant&rsquo;s Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section&nbsp;18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and it is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant
whether made before or after the date hereof
 regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.


    

















 June 13










2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31













2013-04-01


2014-03-31













2013-04-01


2014-03-31













2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31













2013-04-01


2014-03-31













2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31












2013-04-01


2014-03-31









2014-03-31









2014-04-01


2014-06-30












2014-06-01


2014-06-30












2014-07-01


2014-07-31









2014-07-01


2014-09-30









2014-10-01


2014-12-31









2015-01-01


2015-03-31









2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31













2014-04-01


2015-03-31













2014-04-01


2015-03-31













2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31













2014-04-01


2015-03-31













2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31













































2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31












2014-04-01


2015-03-31









2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31






















2015-03-31













2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31













2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31






















2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-05-31









2015-05-01


2015-05-31









2015-04-01


2015-06-30












2015-09-10









2015-07-01


2015-09-30









2015-09-30









2015-10-02


2015-12-31












2015-12-31












2015-12-01


2015-12-31













2015-12-01


2015-12-31













2015-12-01


2015-12-31













2016-01-01


2016-01-31









2016-01-01


2016-03-31









2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31













2015-04-01


2016-03-31













2015-04-01


2016-03-31













2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31













2015-04-01


2016-03-31













2015-04-01


2016-03-31













2015-04-01


2016-03-31













2015-04-01


2016-03-31













2015-04-01


2016-03-31













2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31













2015-04-01


2016-03-31













2015-04-01


2016-03-31













2015-04-01


2016-03-31













2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31













2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31















2015-04-01


2016-03-31















2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31













2015-04-01


2016-03-31












2015-04-01


2016-03-31









2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31













2016-03-31














2016-03-31














2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31









2016-06-13









2013-03-31












2013-03-31












2014-03-31












2013-03-31












2014-03-31












2013-03-31












2014-03-31












2013-03-31












2014-03-31












2013-03-31












2014-03-31












2013-03-31












2014-03-31












2013-03-31












2014-03-31












2013-03-31












2014-03-31












2013-03-31












2014-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2015-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31












2016-03-31























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;1. ORGANIZATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Synutra International
 Inc. and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred to as the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;Synutra&amp;#8221;) are principally engaged in production
 distribution and sales of dairy based nutritional products under the &amp;#8220;Shengyuan&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;Synutra&amp;#8221; line of brands in the People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China (&amp;#8220;China&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;PRC&amp;#8221;). The Company focuses on selling powdered formula products for infant and adult
 and also engages in other nutritional product offerings
 such as certain nutritional supplement.&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;A. Basis of presentation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&amp;#8220;US GAAP&amp;#8221;). The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. Under that assumption
 it is expected that assets will be realized and liabilities will be satisfied in the normal course of business.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;B. Basis of consolidation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Synutra International
 Inc. and its subsidiaries
 its consolidated variable interest entity
 Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd. (the variable interest entity
 or VIE)
 in which it has a controlling financial interest. A controlling financial interest is typically determined when a company holds a majority of the voting equity interest in an entity. US GAAP provides guidance on the identification and financial reporting for entities over which control is achieved through means other than voting interests
 which requires certain VIEs to be consolidated by the primary beneficiary of the entity if the equity investors in the entity do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest or do not have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties. Through the contractual arrangements between the Company and the VIE
 the Company controls the operating activities and holds all the beneficial interests of the VIE and has been determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The Company has concluded that such contractual arrangements are legally enforceable. The operations associated with the consolidated VIE are insignificant and the consolidated VIE holds de minimis assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Net income or loss of a subsidiary is attributed to the Company and to the noncontrolling interests on the basis of relative ownership interest. Noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Company's equity therein.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;C. Use of estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates. Significant accounting estimates reflected in the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements include allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory valuation
 accrued consumer loyalty program obligations
 the useful lives of and impairment for property and equipment
 impairment of indefinite lived intangible assets
 and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;D. Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and highly liquid investments which are unrestricted as to withdrawal or use
 and which have original maturities of three months or less when purchased.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;E. Restricted cash&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Restricted cash are bank demand deposits used as security against letter of credits
 bank acceptance bills and short-term and long-term borrowings.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;F. Accounts receivable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Accounts receivable are recognized and carried at the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectable amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. The Company performs risk assessments for each customer
 and provides a specific allowance for those deemed to have high risk of collectability. The Company also records provision for other customers without specific risks by reviewing the aging of the receivables.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;G. Investments held at trust&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company's investments held at trust have a stated maturity and pays a prospective fixed rate of return. The Company classifies the investments held at trust as held-to- maturity when it has both the positive intent and ability to hold them until maturity. Held-to-maturity investments are recorded at amortized cost and are classified as long-term or short-term according to their contractual maturity.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company reviews its investments held at trust for other-than-temporary impairment based on the specific identification method and considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence in evaluating potential impairment. If the cost of an investment exceeds the investment's fair value
 the Company considers
 among other factors
 general market conditions
 government economic plans
 the duration and the extent to which the fair value of the investment is less than cost and the Company's intent and ability to hold the investment to determine whether an other-than-temporary impairment has occurred. To date
 the Company has not recorded an other-than-temporary impairment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;H. Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is calculated on the weighted-average basis and includes all costs to acquire and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. The Company evaluates the market for its inventories on a regular basis and records a provision for loss to reduce the computed weighted-average cost if it exceeds market. Potential losses from obsolete and slow-moving inventories are recorded when identified.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;I. Property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment are carried at cost. The cost of repairs and maintenance is expensed as incurred; major replacements and improvements are capitalized.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;When assets are retired or disposed of
 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gains or losses are included in income in the year of disposition.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets or
 when applicable
 the life of the lease
 whichever is shorter. The useful lives for property
 plant and equipment are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; width: 1302px; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Buildings and renovations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 31px; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 219px; vertical-align: bottom; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;20 &amp;#8211; 40 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Plant and machinery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5 &amp;#8211; 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Office equipment and furnishings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3 &amp;#8211; 5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: top;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;J. Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Leases are classified as capital or operating leases. A lease that transfers to the lessee substantially all the benefits and risks incidental to ownership is classified as a capital lease. At inception
 a capital lease is recorded at present value of minimum lease payments or the fair value of the asset
 whichever is less. Assets under capital leases are amortized on a basis consistent with that of similar fixed assets or the lease term
 whichever is shorter. Operating lease costs are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;K. Construction in progress&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Construction in progress represents direct costs of construction or acquisition and design fees incurred. Capitalization of these costs ceases and the construction in progress is transferred to property
 plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided until it is completed and ready for intended use.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Interest expense incurred for construction of property
 plant
 and equipment is capitalized as part of the cost of such assets. The Company capitalizes interest to the extent that expenditures to construct an asset have occurred and interest costs have been incurred. Interest expense capitalized for the fiscal years ended March&amp;#160;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014 was $4.6&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;million
 $1.8&amp;#160;million and nil
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;L. Impairment of long-lived assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When these events occur
 the Company measures impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flow is less than the carrying amount of the assets
 the Company would recognize an impairment loss based on the fair value of the assets.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company recorded impairment charges on its property
 plant and equipment of nil&lt;/font&gt;
 $4.7&amp;#160;million and $1.0&amp;#160;million for the fiscal years ended March&amp;#160;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. See Note 16
 &amp;#8220;Impairment of long-lived assets and indefinite lived intangible assets for further details.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;M. Impairment of indefinite lived intangible assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Intangible assets with an indefinite life are tested for impairment on an annual basis or when current facts or circumstances indicate that a potential impairment may exist. The impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair value of the intangible asset to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment loss is recognized equal in amount to that excess.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Management performs its annual impairment test for intangible assets with indefinite life on March&amp;#160;31. The Company recorded nil, $1.1 million and nil impairment on its intangible assets for the fiscal years ended March&amp;#160;31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. See Note 16, &amp;#8220;Impairment of long-lived assets and indefinite lived intangible assets for further details.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;N. Income taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Current income taxes are provided for in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to the Company as enacted by the relevant tax authorities. Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred taxes are determined based upon differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities at currently enacted statutory tax rates for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. Net operating losses are carried forward and credited by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years. A valuation allowance is provided on deferred tax assets to the extent that it is more likely than not that such deferred tax assets will not be realized. The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are individually classified as current and non-current based on the characteristics of the underlying assets and liabilities
 or the expected timing of their use when they do not relate to a specific asset or liability.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company recognizes the impact of an uncertain income tax position at the largest amount that is more-likely-than not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant tax authority. Income tax related interest and penalties is classified as income tax expense.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;O. Foreign currency translation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The functional currency and reporting currency of Synutra International
 Inc. and Synutra Illinois are United States Dollar (&amp;#8220;US Dollar&amp;#8221;).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The financial records of the Company&amp;#8217;s PRC subsidiaries are maintained in Renminbi (&amp;#8220;RMB&amp;#8221;)
 the financial records of the Company&amp;#8217;s Netherland and French subsidiaries are maintained in Euro (&amp;#8220;EUR&amp;#8221;)
 and the financial records of another subsidiary is maintained in South Korean KRW (&amp;#8220;KRW&amp;#8221;)
 which are their functional currencies. Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rates at the balance sheet date
 equity accounts are translated at historical exchange rates and revenues
 expenses
 gains and losses are translated using the average rate for the year. Translation adjustments are reported as cumulative translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component of the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies are translated into functional currencies at the rates of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. Transactions in &lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;currencies other than the functional currencies during the year are converted into the functional currencies at the applicable rates of exchange prevailing on the day transactions occurred. Transaction gains and losses are recognized in the statement of operations. Transaction (losses) and &lt;/font&gt;gains were ($12.2) million
 $3.2&amp;#160;million and $1.9&amp;#160;million for the year ended March&amp;#160;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively and are recorded as foreign currency exchange gain (loss)
 net.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;P. Revenue recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company recognizes revenue when title and risk and rewards for the products are transferred to the customer
 price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Most of the Company&amp;#8217;s nutritional food sales are made through distributors. Under the distributor arrangement
 evidenced by purchase order
 revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the distributors. For sales of My Angel series powdered formula products
 which is directly sold to baby stores
 the revenue recognition is similar to that of distributor sales
 and the revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the baby stores. For sales of the powdered formula products directly through certain supermarket retailers
 who have a right of return clause
 the revenue is recognized until the supermarkets have paid the Company. For sales to a limited number of distributors from whom collectability is not reasonably assured
 revenue is recognized when the Company received payments.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s gross sales are subject to various deductions
 primarily comprised of rebates and discounts to distributors and retailers
 which are reported as a reduction of revenue.The Company provides discounts or rebates to customers in the following ways:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: -0.25in; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.75in; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; margin-bottom: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: symbol; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;The Company offers product discounts to compensate certain distributors and supermarket retailers for promotional expenses and slotting fees paid by them. These product discounts are recognized when incurred as a reduction to gross revenue.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: -0.25in; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.75in; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; margin-bottom: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: symbol; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;The Company offers rebates to a few distributors and supermarket retailers as sales incentives. These sale rebates are typically determined based on a percentage of sales after attaining certain amount of orders relating to specific products by the distributors and supermarket retailers. The Company recognized a liability for the sales rebates at the time at which the related revenue is recognized by the Company
 based on the specific terms in each agreement and the expected sales of each distributor or supermarket retailer.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company uses a customer loyalty program administrated by a third party
 the program operator
 to conduct its promotional activities. In connection with a current revenue transaction of specific products
 the Company offers to the customer award points which can be exchanged for free products that will be delivered by the program operator
 at a future date at the customer's request. The value of the award is insignificant in relation to the value of the transactions necessary to earn the awards under other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets
 which was amounted to nil&lt;/font&gt;
 $1.0&amp;#160;million and $1.9&amp;#160;million as of March&amp;#160;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014. The Company records a liability for the estimated cost of the award products. The related cost is recorded under Advertising and promotion expenses in the consolidated statement of operations
 which was amounted to $4.1 million
 $3.7&amp;#160;million and $3.2&amp;#160;million for the fiscal year ended March&amp;#160;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Q. Shipping and handling costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred and included in selling and distribution expenses. The costs were $5.7&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;million
 $5.0&amp;#160;million and $4.6&amp;#160;million for the fiscal years ended March&amp;#160;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;R. Advertising and promotion expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Advertising and promotion expenses are expensed as incurred The service charge of the consumer loyalty program administrated by a third party was $4.1 million
 $3.7&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;million and $3.2&amp;#160;million for the fiscal year ended March&amp;#160;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. We reclassified the fiscal year 2014 figure from selling and distribution expenses to advertising and promotion expenses to ensure comparability in 2015.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;S. Government subsidies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company receives unrestricted cash subsidies from local government agencies. The subsidies are unrestricted as to use and can be utilized by the Company in any manner it deems appropriate. The Company has utilized
 and expects to continue to utilize
 these subsidies to fund general operating expenses. The Company records unrestricted cash government subsidies as government subsidies in the consolidated statements of operations. Unrestricted cash government subsidies received for the fiscal years ended March&amp;#160;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014 were $0.6&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;million
 $0.6&amp;#160;million and $0.9 million
 respectively. Government grants related to assets mainly for purchases of property and equipment are recorded as deferred government subsidies and are recognized as an offset to depreciation expense on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the associated asset. The Group received government grants related to assets of nil
 nil
 $0.2&amp;#160;million during the fiscal years ended March&amp;#160;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. $3.5&amp;#160;million
 nill and $4.7 million subsidy were received from the government in the form of reimbursements for promotion expenses during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014. The Company has recorded this subsidy as a deduction of advertising and promotion expenses&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;T. Employee&amp;#8217;s benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Mandatory contributions are made to the government&amp;#8217;s health
 retirement benefit and unemployment schemes at the statutory rates in force during the period
 based on gross salary payments. The cost of these payments is charged to the consolidated statements of operations in the same period as the related salary cost.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;U. Earnings per share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income attributable to holders of common stock by the weighted average number of common stock outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock. Common stock equivalents are excluded from the computation in loss periods and in periods when the average market price of the common stock exceeds the exercise price of the securities or other contracts to issue common stocks as their effects would be anti-dilutive.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;V. Comprehensive income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Comprehensive income is defined to include all changes in equity of the Company during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners
 including currency translation adjustment.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;W. Concentration of credit risk&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Financial instruments that potentially expose the Company to concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 accounts receivable
 due from related parties
 receivable from disposal of subsidiaries
 prepayments
 tax receivables and others and other assets. All of the Company&amp;#8217;s cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash are held with financial institutions that the Company believes to be high credit quality.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;X. Noncontrolling interest&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The noncontrolling interest represents the portion of the equity interest in the subsidiaries
 Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;Shanghai Precious Care Cosmetic Co.
 Ltd.
 and Ruishi Pingo (Beijing) Paper Co.
 Ltd
 not directly or indirectly attributable to the Company. The noncontrolling interest reported as equity in the consolidated financial statements
 it also reported the consolidated net income at amounts that include the amounts attributable to both the parent and the noncontrolling interest on the face of the consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of comprehensive income.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Y. Fair value measurement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value
 the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. The fair value measurement guidance provides a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. A financial instrument's categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Level 1 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets that the management has the ability to access at the measurement date.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset (i.e.
 interest rates
 yield curves
 etc.)
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market corroborated inputs).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Level 3 inputs include unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that reflect management&amp;#8217;s assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset. The management develops these inputs based on the best information available
 including their own data.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Z. Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The carrying value of financial instruments including cash and cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 accounts receivable
 other current assets
 investment held at trust
 other assets
 accounts payable
 short-term debt
 long-term debt due within one year
 other current liabilities and due to and from related parties
 approximates their fair value at March&amp;#160;31
 2016 due to the relatively short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying value of long-term debt
 capital lease obligations and other long-term liabilities approximates its fair value as their interest rates are at the same level of the current market yield for comparable loans.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;AA. Recently issued accounting pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In August 2015
 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-14 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date. The amendments in this Update defer the effective date of Update 2014-09 for all entities by one year. Public business entities
 certain not-for-profit entities
 and certain employee benefit plans should apply the guidance in Update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2017
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2016
 including interim reporting period within that reporting period. We are evaluating the impact to our financial position and result of operations upon adoption.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In July 2015
 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-11 Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. An entity should measure inventory within the scope of this Update at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method. We are evaluating the impact to our financial position and result of operations upon adoption.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In November 2015
 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-17 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. The amendments in this Update require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The amendments in this Update apply to all entities that present a classified statement of financial position. The current requirement that deferred tax liabilities and assets of a tax-paying component of an entity be offset and presented as a single amount is not affected by the amendments in this Update. For public business entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December&amp;#160;15
 2016
 and interim periods within those annual periods. Earlier application is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The amendments in this Update may be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. We are evaluating the impact to our financial position upon adoption.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In January
 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01
 to improve the recognition and measurement of financial instruments. The new guidance requires equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting
 or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income and separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset (i.e.
 securities or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements. The guidance also eliminates the requirement to disclose the fair value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost for organizations that are not public business entities and the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet. The new guidance is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. The new guidance permits early adoption of the own credit provision. We are still in the process of assessing the impact of this ASU on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842) to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. This ASU will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018 for public entities
 and it will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019. Early adoption is permitted. We are still in the process of assessing the impact of this ASU onour consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-07
 which eliminates the requirement to retroactively adopt the equity method of accounting. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor&amp;#8217;s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting. The amendments in this ASU are effective for all entities for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2016. The amendments should be applied prospectively upon their effective date to increases in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity method. Earlier application is permitted. We are in the process of evaluating the impact of this ASU on the consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-08
 which amends the principal-versus-agent implementation guidance and illustrations in the Board's new revenue standard (ASC 606). The amendments in this update clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. When another party
 along with the reporting entity
 is involved in providing goods or services to a customer
 an entity is required to determine whether the nature of its promise is to provide that good or service to the customer (as a principal) or to arrange for the good or service to be provided to the customer by the other party (as an agent). The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017. We are in the process of evaluating the impact of this ASU on the consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
 which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions for both public and nonpublic entities
 including the accounting for income taxes
 forfeitures
 and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. For public entities
 the ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016


&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The following table sets forth by level
 within the fair value hierarchy
 the Company&amp;#8217;s assets and liabilities accounted for at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of March&amp;#160;31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;
 2015 and 2014. The Company did not have any items recorded at fair value on a recurring basis subsequent to initial recognition as of March&amp;#160;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014. All these items related to the nutritional food segment.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Description&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Quoted&amp;#160;Prices&amp;#160;in&lt;br  /&gt;Active&amp;#160;Markets&lt;br  /&gt;for&amp;#160;Identical&lt;br  /&gt;Assets&amp;#160;(Level&amp;#160;1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Significant&lt;br  /&gt;Other&lt;br  /&gt;Observable&lt;br  /&gt;Inputs&amp;#160;(Level&amp;#160;2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Significant&lt;br  /&gt;Unobservable&lt;br  /&gt;Inputs&amp;#160;(Level&amp;#160;3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Total&amp;#160;Loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=18 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; width: 691px;&gt;March&amp;#160;31
 2015:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 126px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 126px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 126px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 125px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 125px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;&amp;#8211; Prepared food equipment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;701&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;701&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;4
726&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;&amp;#8211; Brands of Ausmeadow and Huiliduo&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;98&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;98&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
119&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;March 31
 2014:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;- Prepared food equipment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3
605&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3
605&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
040&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman', times, serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In fiscal year 2016
 there was no any other-than-temporary impairment. In fiscal year 2015
 there was an other&amp;#8722;than&amp;#8722;temporary impairment of $4.7 million charged against the prepared food equipment assets of Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Huiliduo&amp;#8221;)
 $0.3 million related to Huiliduo brand and $0.8 million related to the Ausmeadow brand. The impairment loss of $1.0 million in fiscal year 2014 was related to the prepared food equipment assets. The Company has categorized these impairments as a level 3 fair value measurement. See Note&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;16
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;4. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In June 2014, the Company sold its wholly owned subsidiary in the powdered formula segment, Zhangjiakou Chahaer Dairy Co., Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Zhangjiakou&amp;#8221;) to Rightcom Co., Ltd. (the &amp;#8220;Purchaser&amp;#8221;) for a total cash consideration of $28.1 million to be paid in three installments. As the result of the sale in fiscal year 2015, the Company recorded a $15.0 million in gain ($11.9 million after tax), which was calculated as the total of the excess of the sale proceeds over the net book value of the assets transferred of $20.1 million and reclassification of foreign currency translation gain of $7.0 million from Other Comprehensive Income. The Company had collected $22.5M and $5.6M of the payment by end of fiscal year 2015 and fiscal year 2016 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;5. INVENTORIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s inventories at March&amp;#160;31, 2016 and 2015 are summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1145.61px; text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 157px; text-align: right;&gt;41,073&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 156px; text-align: right;&gt;50,578&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Work&amp;#8211;in&amp;#8211;progress&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;20,609&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;17,905&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;36,678&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;19,271&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;98,360&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;87,754&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The value of goods-in-transit included in raw materials was $7.1&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;million and $11.9&amp;#160;million as of March&amp;#160;31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, which mainly represented the purchase of milk powder and whey protein from international sources.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;6. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operational decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to common control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals or corporate entities.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The following entities are considered to be related parties to the Company because they are affiliates of the Company under the ultimate common control of the Company&amp;#8217;s major shareholder. The nature of each entity is discussed in the table below:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; width: 565px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 8pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Related Party&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; width: 31px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; width: 971px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 8pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Business Nature&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Sheng Zhi Da Dairy Group Corporation (&amp;#8220;Sheng Zhi Da&amp;#8221;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Engages in buying and selling packaging materials, vitamin and mineral pre&amp;#8211;mixes, and other food ingredients.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co., Ltd. (&amp;#8220;St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service&amp;#8221;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Engages in distribution of the Company's powdered formula products.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co., Ltd. (&amp;#8220;St. Angel Cultural Communication&amp;#8221;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Engages in television designing and programming.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Beijing Honnete Dairy Co., Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Honnete Beijing&amp;#8221;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Engages in importing and distributing whey protein products to commercial customers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Qingdao Lvyin Waste Disposal Investment Management Co., Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Lvyin&amp;#8221;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Engages in waste disposal and sewage treatment activities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Beijing Dongan Hengxin Property Development Co., Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Dongan Hengxin&amp;#8221;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Engages in property development activities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co., Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Ao Naier&amp;#8221;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Engages in feed processing activities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;A. Related party balances&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;a. Due from related parties, including current and non-current portion&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; width: 1082px;&gt;Sheng Zhi Da Dairy Group Corporation&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 16px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 189px;&gt;3,349&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 188px;&gt;1,025&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Beijing Honnete Dairy Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co. Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,334&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3,732&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;23&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;6&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;4,709&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;4,768&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;b. Due to related parties&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; width: 1082px;&gt;Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; width: 189px;&gt;132&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; width: 188px;&gt;130&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The amount due to and due from related parties were unsecured and interest free.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In fiscal year 2016, the Company lent $1.1 million to Sheng Zhi Da. The loan was interest-free and due within one year.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;B. Sales to and services rendered for related parties&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company&amp;#8217;s sales to related parties mainly included feed grade milk powder and whey powder to Ao Naier, and powdered formula products to St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service, and services for related parties including office spaces rented to Honnete Beijing, Ao Naier, St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service, and St. Angel Cultural Communication.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Year Ended March&amp;#160;31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; width: 847px;&gt;Beijing Honnete Dairy Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 16px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 189px;&gt;8&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 16px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 188px;&gt;9&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 188px;&gt;8&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;11,867&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;4,651&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,780&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Qingdao Lvyin Waste Disposal Investment Management Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;260&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;535&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;524&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;24&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;25&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;12,161&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;5,220&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;2,329&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;C. Purchases from related parties&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, St. Angel Cultural Communication provided certain marketing services for the Company.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;7. PREPAYMENTS, TAX RECEIVABLES AND OTHERS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;8. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Property, plant and equipment, cost:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1131.2px; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Land&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 157px; text-align: right;&gt;1,914&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 156px; text-align: right;&gt;1,447&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Capital lease of building&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5,469&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5,753&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Buildings and renovations&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;79,984&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;80,013&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Plant and machinery&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;64,584&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;65,790&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Office equipment and furnishings&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;11,973&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;11,146&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2,460&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2,577&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Others&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;1,143&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;1,140&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.45in;&gt;Total cost&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;167,527&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black;
 border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;167,866&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Capital lease of building&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,111&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;992&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Buildings and renovations&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;20,780&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;17,790&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Plant and machinery&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;45,879&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;44,193&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Office equipment and furnishings&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;9,672&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;9,599&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,920&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,834&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Others&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;857&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;764&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.45in;&gt;Total accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;80,219&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;75,172&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;206,877&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;94,391&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Property, plant and equipment, net&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;294,185&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;187,085&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Land represents a parcel of land acquired for the Company&amp;#8217;s French subsidiary.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px;
 white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Construction in progress mainly represents construction and equipment purchase for the French subsidiary as of March&amp;#160;31, 2016 and 2015.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;9. LAND USE RIGHTS, NET&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;There is no private land ownership in China. Companies or individuals are authorized to possess and use the land only through land use rights granted by the PRC government. Land use rights are amortized using the straight-line method over the lease term of 42 to 50 years.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1145.61px; text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Land use rights, cost&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 157px; text-align: right;&gt;9,919&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 156px; text-align: right;&gt;9,896&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Less: Accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;1,378&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;1,239&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Land use rights, net&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;8,541&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;8,657&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;10. INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Registered trademark (indefinite life)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1145.61px; text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Gross and net carrying amount&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 157px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;2,661&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 156px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;2,588&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The intangible assets as of March&amp;#160;31, 2016 represent $2.6&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;million for registered trademark of Dutch Cow and $93,000 for registered trademark of Ausmeadow, which are used for the Company&amp;#8217;s nutritional food products.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;13. DEBT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s debts consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1145.61px; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Short&amp;#8211;term debt&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 157px; text-align: right;&gt;95,175&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 156px; text-align: right;&gt;145,639&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Long&amp;#8211;term debt due within one year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;95,504&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;130,426&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Total debt, current&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;190,679&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;276,065&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Long&amp;#8211;term debt, non&amp;#8211;current portion&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;315,512&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;144,627&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;506,191&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;420,692&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.25in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.25in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Long-term debt&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The long-term debts, including current portion, as of March&amp;#160;31, 2016 and 2015 are comprised of:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; colspan=6&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1145.61px; text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Long&amp;#8211;term debt borrowed in Mainland China&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 157px; text-align: right;&gt;262,514&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 156px; text-align: right;&gt;154,393&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Long&amp;#8211;term debt borrowed in Hong Kong&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;47,061&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;93,099&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Long&amp;#8211;term debt borrowed in France&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;101,441&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;27,561&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;411,016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;#160;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;275,053&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of March&amp;#160;31, 2016, among the long-term debts which were borrowed in Mainland China, $57.8&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;million was secured by restricted cash deposits and the rest $204.7&amp;#160;million were credit debts. These debts used floating interest rates, which are calculated based on the benchmark lending interest rate published by China&amp;#8217;s central bank, or LIBOR. The maturity dates range from June 2016 to December 2018.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of March&amp;#160;31, 2016, the long-term debts which were borrowed in Hong Kong were secured by restricted cash deposit of $33.2&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;million. These debts used floating interest rates, which are calculated based on LIBOR. The maturity dates of the used facility range from June 2016 to March 2017.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of March&amp;#160;31, 2016, long-term debts which were borrowed from banks in France were secured by restricted cash deposits of $50.2&lt;/font&gt;million and all the long-lived assets of the French Project. $41.3&amp;#160;million of these debts have floating interest rates range from Libor+2% to Libor+3.4%, which are calculated based on LIBOR, and $60.1&amp;#160;million of these debts have fixed interest rates range from 2.2% to 4.3%. The maturity dates of the borrowed debts range from February 2018 to September&amp;#160;2022. As of March&amp;#160;31, 2016, the company has &amp;#8364;14.0&amp;#160;million available for further draw down under committed long-term bank loan facility for Synutra France.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The weighted average interest rate as of March&amp;#160;31, 2016 and 2015 for the long-term debts was 3.7&lt;/font&gt;% and 4.4%, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of March&amp;#160;31, 2016, borrowings both in short-term and long-term, including current portion, denominated in RMB, USD and EUR were $231.1&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;million, $115.9&amp;#160;million and $159.2 million, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Maturities on long-term debt, including current and non-current portion, are as follows:&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Year Ending&lt;br  /&gt;March&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1349.61px; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2017&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 156px; text-align: right;&gt;95,504&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2018&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;146,045&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2019&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;109,329&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2020&amp;#160;to March 31, 2022&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2023&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;60,138&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;411,016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;14. OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; width: 1082px;&gt;Accrued discount, rebate and slotting fee&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 16px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 189px;&gt;25,932&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 188px;&gt;24,861&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Payroll and bonus payables&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;12,111&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;8,825&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Accrued selling expenses&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2,975&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3,404&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Accrued advertising and promotion expenses&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2,812&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3,980&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Others&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;5,787&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;5,720&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;49,617&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;46,790&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;15. OBLIGATIONS UNDER CAPITAL LEASE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company has entered into leases for building and warehouse under capital lease arrangement with terms varying from 13 to 33 years. Future minimum capital lease payments at March&amp;#160;31, 2016 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Year&amp;#160;Ending&lt;br  /&gt;March&amp;#160;31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; width: 1317px;&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 16px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 188px;&gt;594&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;594&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;594&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;594&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;2021&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;594&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;2022 and thereafter&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;14,462&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Total minimum lease payments&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;17,432&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Less: Amount representing interest&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;10,012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Present value of minimum lease payments&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;7,420&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Current&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;105&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Long&amp;#8211;term&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;7,315&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;7,420&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company recorded depreciation expense of $171,000&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;$177,000 and $176,000 for capital leased assets for fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and recorded interest expense of $503,000, $525,000 and $555,000 for fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The interest rates associated with the capital leases are from 6.8% to 7.83% per annum.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;16. IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company recorded impairment charges on long-lived assets and intangible assets of nil, $5.8 million and $1.0 million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In the fiscal year 2015, the Company recognized an impairment charge on the prepared food equipment assets of Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co., Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Huiliduo&amp;#8221;) of $4.7 million as well as on the Huilido brand of $0.3 million, as a result of the continuous operating losses, slow market development and expected higher promotion expenditures to achieve meaningful sales. In addition, the impairment loss of $0.8 million was recognized for the Ausmeadow brand due to the lower operating performance than the Company's previous expectations.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;19. INCOME TAXES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;A. Tax law of each tax jurisdiction&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold italic 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold italic 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;United States&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Under the federal and state income tax laws of United States, the Company is subject to tax on its income or capital gains. The applicable rate is 34% for fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold italic 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold italic 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Netherlands&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiary incorporated in the Netherlands is subject to Netherland&amp;#8217;s profit tax. The applicable rate is 20% on the first EUR 200,000 of taxable profits, and 25% for taxable profits exceeding EUR 200,000 for fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold italic 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold italic 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;France&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiary in France is subject to profit tax at 33 1/3% on assessable income.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold italic 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold italic 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Korea&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiary incorporated in the Korea is subject to Korea&amp;#8217;s profit tax. The applicable rate is 10% on the first&amp;#160;KRW&amp;#160;200million of taxable profits, 20% for taxable profits exceeding&amp;#160;KRW&amp;#160;200million and below&amp;#160;KRW&amp;#160;20billion, 22% for taxable profits exceeding&amp;#160;KRW&amp;#160;20billion for fiscal years 2016 and 2015.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold italic 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold italic 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Hong Kong&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s subsidiary in Hong Kong is subject to profit tax at 16.5% on assessable income.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold italic 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold italic 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;China&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;On March&amp;#160;16, 2007, the National People&amp;#8217;s Congress of the PRC approved and promulgated the new Enterprise Income Tax Law (&amp;#8220;EIT Law&amp;#8221;), which took effect beginning January&amp;#160;1, 2008. Under the new EIT law, foreign investment enterprises and domestic companies are subject to a uniform tax rate of 25%. The new tax law provides a transition period from its effective date for certain qualifying enterprises which were established before the promulgation date of the new tax law and which were entitled to certain preferential lower tax rate or tax holiday under the then effective tax laws or regulations.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Some of the Company&amp;#8217;s PRC subsidiaries are eligible under the transition rules to continue enjoying tax holidays or reduced tax rate until expiration. The following table illustrates the applicable tax rate and tax holidays of major PRC subsidiaries under the new EIT Law:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Name&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;Subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Statutory&lt;br  /&gt;Tax&amp;#160;Rate&lt;br  /&gt;Beginning&lt;br  /&gt;January&amp;#160;1,&lt;br  /&gt;2008&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Tax&amp;#160;Holiday&amp;#160;(based&amp;#160;on&amp;#160;calendar&amp;#160;year)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; width: 769px;&gt;Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 151px;&gt;25&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14px;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 512px;&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;25&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Inner Mongolia Mengyuan Food Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;25&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Heilongjiang Longshan Dairy Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;25&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;25&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;High&amp;#8211;tech enterprise at 15% (2014, 2015)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;25&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Beijing Syclin Clinical Laboratory Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;25&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Global Food Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;25&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Shanghai Precious Care Cosmetic Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;25&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Ruishi Pingo (Beijing) Paper Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;25&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Qingdao West Coast Jintao Cross&amp;#8211;border E&amp;#8211;commerce Co., Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;25&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;No tax holiday&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In accordance with the EIT Law, dividends which arise from profits of foreign invested enterprises (&amp;#8220;FIEs&amp;#8221;) earned after January&amp;#160;1, 2008 are subject to a 10% withholding tax. In addition, under the tax arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, if the foreign investor is incorporated in Hong Kong and qualifies as the beneficial owner, the applicable withholding tax rate is reduced from 10% to 5%, if the investor holds at least 25% in the FIE. A deferred tax liability should be recognized for the undistributed profits of PRC companies unless the Company has sufficient evidence to demonstrate that the undistributed dividends will be indefinitely reinvested. As of March&amp;#160;31, 2016, all earnings generated in countries/areas other than United States are intended to be indefinitely reinvested and as a result, the Company did not record any deferred tax liability on such undistributed earnings.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;B. Components of income before income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;For financial reporting purposes, income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) includes the following components:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Year Ended March&amp;#160;31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; width: 814px;&gt;United States&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;(3,089&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;21,300&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;1,232&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Netherlands&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;728&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;871&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;511&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(9,242&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(288&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(62&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Hong Kong&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(6,590&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(4,295&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(1,453&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Korea&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(515&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;45,123&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;49,994&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;30,250&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Income before income tax (benefit) expense&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;26,415&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;67,582&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;30,478&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;C. Reconciliation from the statutory income tax rate to reported amount of income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The income tax expense (benefit) reconciled to the tax expense (benefit) computed at the US statutory rate was approximately as follows for fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Year Ended March&amp;#160;31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; width: 814px;&gt;Income tax expense at US federal statutory rate of 34%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;8,981&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;22,980&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;10,364&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Foreign tax rate differential&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(3,280&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(3,699&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(3,206&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;PRC tax holiday effect&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(336&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(832&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;73&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(1,649&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(26,456&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(7,597&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(1,253&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(262&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(6&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Change of deferred tax assets due to tax loss expiration&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,208&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2,331&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Effect of change in tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;754&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Nondeductible items&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1,783&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1,489&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(252&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Total income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;5,454&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;(4,449&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;130&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co., Ltd. enjoys a preferential tax rate of 15%, PRC tax holiday, which may be extended if the requirements of High and New Technology Enterprise are satisfied. The impact of this PRC tax holiday decreased income taxes by $0.3&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;million, $0.8&amp;#160;million and nil for the fiscal years ended March&amp;#160;31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The benefit of the PRC tax holidays on basic and diluted earnings per share was $0.01, $0.01 and nil for fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;D. Deferred tax assets by type of temporary difference, credits and change in valuation allowance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company&amp;#8217;s net deferred tax assets are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Deferred tax assets &amp;#8211; current&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; width: 1040px;&gt;Inventory write&amp;#8211;down&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;1,794&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;1,920&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Acquisition of assets at fair value&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;26&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;28&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Net operating loss carryforward&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;426&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;339&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;6,664&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3,860&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Provision of allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;499&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;586&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Accrued rebate and sales discount&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3,899&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;4,523&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Others&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;2,992&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1,981&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Subtotal&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;16,300&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;13,237&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(519&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(970&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;15,781&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;12,267&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Deferred tax assets &amp;#8211; non current&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Net operating loss carryforward&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;8,353&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;6,118&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Acquisition of assets at fair value&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;110&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;144&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Impairment of long&amp;#8211;lived assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,753&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,835&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Provision of allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;279&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Foreign tax credit&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;145&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Subtotal&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;10,361&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;8,376&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(6,880&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(8,078&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;3,481&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;298&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The net change during the year in the total valuation allowance is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; width: 1040px;&gt;Balance at beginning of year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;9,048&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;38,604&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Releases during the year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(1,649&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(26,456&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Deconsolidation due to disposal of subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(3,100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Balance at end of year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;7,399&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;9,048&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company uses the asset and liability method to record related deferred tax assets and liabilities. The Company considers positive and negative evidence to determine whether some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will more likely than not be realized. This assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of recent losses, forecasts of future profitability, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, the Company&amp;#8217;s experience with tax attributes expiring unused and tax planning alternatives. Valuation allowances have been established for deferred tax assets based on a more likely than not threshold. The Company&amp;#8217;s ability to realize deferred tax assets depends on its ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward periods provided for under the tax law.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Based on the&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;Company&amp;#8217;s historical operating income and the level of projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible, the Company believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of the deductible differences of Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co., Ltd., Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co., Ltd., and other major PRC subsidiaries, therefore no valuation allowance was made for the $16.3 million deferred tax assets as of March&amp;#160;31, 2016. Synutra France International SAS Incorporated In France recognized $3.0M deferred tax assets on its net operating losses by end of this fiscal year which could be utilized in future. As for the remaining deferred tax assets of other subsidiaries which are the cost center attributable to Nutritional Food segment and overseas, the Company believes it is not more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of the deductible differences, therefore full valuation allowance of $7.4&amp;#160;million was accrued as of March&amp;#160;31, 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company disposed and liquidated certain subsidiaries in fiscal years 2015. As a result, the Company derecognized deferred tax assets and released valuation allowance related to these subsidiaries of $3.0&amp;#160;million in fiscal year 2015. No deferred tax assets was derecognized in fiscal years 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;E. Significant components of income tax expense&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Income taxes for the PRC subsidiaries are calculated on a separate entity basis. Each of the Company&amp;#8217;s PRC subsidiaries files stand-alone tax returns. The income tax expense for fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014 are summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Year Ended March&amp;#160;31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Current tax&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in; width: 800px;&gt;&amp;#8211; Netherlands&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;126&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;164&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;67&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; HK&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;28&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; PRC&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;13,736&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;4,719&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;41&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; US&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;74&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2,477&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; Intercompany profit elimination&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;18&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(248&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.45in;&gt;Subtotal&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;13,957&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;7,113&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;136&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Uncertain tax benefit&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; PRC&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;7&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(262&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(6&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; US&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(1,260&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.45in;&gt;Subtotal&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(1,253&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(262&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(6&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Deferred tax benefit&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; US&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(268&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,528&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; France&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(2,936&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; PRC&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(4,046&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(12,828&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.45in;&gt;Subtotal&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(7,250&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(11,300&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;5,454&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;(4,449&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;130&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;F. Uncertain tax positions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company made its assessment of the level of authority for each tax position (including the potential application of interests and penalties) based on the technical merits, and has measured the unrecognized benefits associated with the tax positions. These liabilities are recorded in other long term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. The Company recognizes the liability for unrecognized tax benefits, and the associated interest and penalties within the income tax expense line in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The Company believes that it is reasonably possible that none of its currently other remaining unrecognized tax benefits may be recognized by the end of calendar year 2016 as a result of a lapse of the statute of limitations.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The following is a tabular reconciliation of the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits for the years presented:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Year Ended March&amp;#160;31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; width: 814px;&gt;Balance at beginning of year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;1,498&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;500&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;506&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Additions in the current year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;7&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,260&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Release in the current year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(1,260&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(262&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(6&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Balance at end of year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;245&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1,498&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;500&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The company reversed $1.3 million uncertain tax position because the statute of limitation expired at March 31, 2016. The reduction of the uncertain tax position of $0.3&amp;#160;million in the fiscal year 2015 is related to the disposal of subsidiaries, Zhangjiakou and Huiliduo. The increment of the uncertain tax position of $1.3&amp;#160;million in fiscal year 2015 is related to a position taken by parent company which more likely than not will not be sustained upon examination by a taxing authority. The balance of unrecognized tax benefits at March&amp;#160;31, 2016, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;20. EARNINGS PER SHARE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;For purposes of calculating basic and diluted earnings per share, the Company used the following weighted average common stocks outstanding:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;21. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;A. Purchase commitments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of March&amp;#160;31, 2016, the Company had outstanding commitments of $435&lt;/font&gt;,000 for advertising purchases, and $23.2&amp;#160;million for milk powder, whey powder and liquid milk within the next twelve months. Due to the uncertainty in market price, the purchase commitments did not include the following commitments:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Commitment to purchase 288 million liters of milk per year for ten years, at market based prices at the time of purchase, beginning from January 1, 2016, with current purchase price around EUR 300 per 1,000 liter;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Commitment to purchase whey equivalent to 24,000 tons of 70% demineralized pre-concentrated whey powder per year for ten years, at market based prices at the time of purchase, beginning from January 1, 2016, with current whey powder purchase price around EUR 1,200 per ton;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Commitment to purchase 6,000 tons of 70% demineralized whey powder per year, or an equivalent quantity of liquid whey, for ten years, at market based prices at the time of purchase, beginning from January 1, 2016, with current purchase price around EUR 1,200 per ton;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Commitment to purchase 3,000 tons of 90% demineralized whey powder per year, or an equivalent quantity of liquid whey, for three years, at market based prices at the time of purchase, beginning from January 1, 2016, with current purchase price around EUR 1,300 per ton;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Commitment to purchase liquid UHT milk, at market based prices at the time of purchase, beginning from 2017 of 66,500 tons, and of 117,300 tons to 124,200 tons in 2018 through 2027; and&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;Commitment to purchase liquid UHT milk, at market based prices at the time of purchase, beginning from 2017 of 19,000 tons, and of 77,400 tons to 82,800 tons in 2018 through 2027.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;B. Capital expenditure commitments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;As of March&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;31, 2016, the Company&amp;#8217;s capital expenditure commitments of $12.3&amp;#160;million are mainly related to signed contracts for construction and manufacturing equipment for the French Project.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;C. Operating lease commitments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company's operating leases mainly included lease of two land use rights for 13 years and 33 years, respectively, under non-cancellable operating lease, as well as office facilities and warehouses under non-cancellable operating leases. The operating lease commitments of the Company at March&amp;#160;31, 2016 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Year&amp;#160;Ending&lt;br  /&gt;March&amp;#160;31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; width: 1266px;&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;2,558&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2,432&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2,414&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;2020&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2,413&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;2021&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,633&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;2022 and thereafter&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;43,330&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;54,780&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;22. SEGMENT REPORTING AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s chief operating decision maker has been identified as the chief executive officer, who reviews consolidated results when making decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance of the Company. In fiscal year 2014, the Company operated and reported its performance in four segments.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;However, starting from fiscal year 2015, the Company has operated the Powdered Formula and Foods segments as a single business segment based on a shared distribution network and similar marketing strategies. Therefore, there are only three reportable segments for fiscal years 2016 and 2015, and the segment information in fiscal year of 2014 was restated to be consistent with the current year reportable segments. The three reportable segments are:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Nutritional food&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;- Sales of powdered infant and adult formula products, and prepared foods.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Nutritional supplement&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;- Sales of nutritional supplement such as chondroitin sulfate to external customers, and microencapsulated Docosahexanoic Acid (&amp;#8220;DHA&amp;#8221;) and Arachidonic Acid (&amp;#8220;ARA&amp;#8221;) to powdered formula segment.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Other business&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;- Other business includes non-core businesses such as ancillary sales of excess or unusable ingredients and materials to industrial customers, providing genetic diagnostic services for new born babies, and sales of cosmetics to pregnant women.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Segment disclosures are on a performance basis consistent with internal management reporting. The following tables summarized the Company&amp;#8217;s revenue and cost generated from different revenue streams.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Year Ended March&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;
 font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;NET SALES TO EXTERNAL CUSTOMERS&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 927.2px; text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; Nutritional food&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 157px; text-align: right;&gt;328,632&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 157px; text-align: right;&gt;386,807&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 156px; text-align: right;&gt;314,459&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; Nutritional supplement&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;27,742&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;18,516&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;21,987&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; Other business&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;8,665&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;8,618&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;34,088&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.45in;&gt;Net sales&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;365,039&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;413,941&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;370,534&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;INTERSEGMENT SALES&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; Nutritional food&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;298&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;96&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;124&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;
 text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; Nutritional supplement&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;10,951&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;15,752&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;10,688&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; Other business&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;5,401&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.45in;&gt;Intersegment sales&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;16,650&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;15,848&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;10,812&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;GROSS PROFIT (LOSS)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; Nutritional food&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;175,502&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;188,235&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;155,694&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; Nutritional supplement&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,366&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,708&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(2,659&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; Other business&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(44&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(389&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;472&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.45in;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;176,824&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;189,554&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;153,507&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;TOTAL ASSETS&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1131.2px; text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; Nutritional food&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 157px; text-align: right;&gt;754,333&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 156px; text-align: right;&gt;626,317&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; Nutritional supplement&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;281,616&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;38,878&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; Other business&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;124,077&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2,169&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; Unallocated assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;4,870&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;10,528&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; Intersegment elimination&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(347,799&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(13,007&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.45in;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;817,097&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;664,885&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;LONG LIVED ASSETS&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left:
 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; Nutritional food&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;289,814&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;180,495&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; Nutritional supplement&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;12,018&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;14,039&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&amp;#8211; Other business&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;894&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,208&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.45in;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;302,726&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;195,742&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Consolidated revenue is generated from sales in the following areas:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Year Ended March&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 941.6px; text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Mainland China*&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 157px; text-align: right;&gt;347,820&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 157px; text-align: right;&gt;397,234&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 156px; text-align: right;&gt;355,218&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;United States*&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;17,219&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black;
 border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;16,707&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;15,316&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;365,039&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;413,941&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;370,534&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; word-spacing: 0px; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;*&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Revenues are attributed to countries based on location of customer&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s long-lived assets, consisted of property, plant and equipment and land use rights, are located in the following areas:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1145.61px; text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Mainland China&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 157px; text-align: right;&gt;100,364&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 156px; text-align: right;&gt;104,594&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Korea&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;USA&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;
 padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;202,351&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;91,148&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;302,726&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;195,742&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;23. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;24. MAINLAND CHINA CONTRIBUTION PLAN AND RESTRICTED NET ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;A. China Contribution Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Full time employees of the Company in the PRC participate in a government-mandated multi-employer defined contribution plan pursuant to which certain pension benefits, medical care, unemployment insurance and other welfare benefits are provided to employees. The PRC government is directly responsible for the payments of the benefits to these retired employees. PRC labor regulations require the Company to accrue for these benefits based on certain percentage of the employees&amp;#8217; salaries. The total contribution for such employee benefits were $8.5 million, $7.5 &amp;#160;million and $7.1&amp;#160;million for fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The Company has no further obligations subsequent to payment of these amounts to the PRC government.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;B. Restricted Net Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times;&gt;&lt;b&gt;25. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times;&gt;Summarized quarterly financial information in fiscal years ended March&amp;#160;31, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0  &gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=14 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Fiscal Year 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=14 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Fiscal Year 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=30 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;(In thousands except per share data)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; width: 534px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 76px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;82,329&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 76px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;87,348&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 76px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;109,256&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 76px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;86,106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 76px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;85,975&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 75px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;102,464&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 14px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 75px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;115,331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 14px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 75px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;110,171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;41,942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;40,595&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;55,365&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;38,922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;38,763&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;43,900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;52,717&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;54,174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;7,593&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;509&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;12,038&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;17,940&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;10,237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;17,264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;24,092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Weighted average common stock outstanding &amp;#8211; basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;57,291&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;57,026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;56,712&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: -5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Earnings per share &amp;#8211; basic and diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;0.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;0.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;0.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;0.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;0.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;0.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;0.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; ; font-family: times new roman
&lt;p style=text-align: center; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;ADDITIONAL INFORMATION - FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE I&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PARENT COMPANY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Dollars and shares in thousands, except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; font-weight: bold;&gt;ASSETS&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Current Assets:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in; width: 1026px;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;1,441&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;4,056&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Total current assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,441&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;4,056&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Due from subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;50,995&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;50,140&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Investments in subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;79,045&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;57,382&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Other assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1,809&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1,733&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;TOTAL ASSETS&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;133,290&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;113,311&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; font-weight: bold;&gt;LIABILITIES AND EQUITY&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Current Liabilities:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Other current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;49&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;125&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Total current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;49&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;125&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Other long&amp;#8211;term liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1,260&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.45in;&gt;Total liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;49&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1,385&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Equity:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Common stockholders&amp;#8217; equity:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Common stock, $.0001 par value: 250,000 authorized, 57,301 issued; 56,691 and 57,301 outstanding at March&amp;#160;31, 2016 and 2015, respectively&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;6&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;6&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Additional paid&amp;#8211;in capital&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;134,693&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;135,440&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Accumulated deficit&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(14,810&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(35,046&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive income&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;13,352&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;11,526&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.45in;&gt;Total equity&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;133,241&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;111,926&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;133,290&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;113,311&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PARENT COMPANY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Dollars in thousands, except per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Year Ended March&amp;#160;31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Operating expenses:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; width: 814px;&gt;General and administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;1,394&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;1,186&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;971&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Loss from operations&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,394&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,186&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;971&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Interest expense&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;214&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Interest income&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;7&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;34&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Dividend income&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;418&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2,046&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Other income, net&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;970&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Other expense&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;59&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Income tax (benefit) expense&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(1,432&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;553&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Equity in income of subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;19,837&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;71,265&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;29,064&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;20,236&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;69,533&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;30,929&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PARENT COMPANY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;CONDENSED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Year Ended March&amp;#160;31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; width: 814px;&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;20,236&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;69,533&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;30,929&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Currency translation adjustment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,826&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(11,992&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,701&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Reclassification of currency translation adjustments realized upon disposal and liquidation of subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(7,011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Other comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1,826&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(19,003&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1,701&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Comprehensive income attributable to common stockholders&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;22,062&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;50,530&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;32,630&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-weight: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PARENT COMPANY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;CONDENSED STATEMENT OF EQUITY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Dollars and shares in thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 1pt; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 1pt; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=18 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Synutra International, Inc. Stockholders&amp;#8217; Equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Treasury Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additional&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br  /&gt;&lt;b&gt;paid&amp;#8211;in&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br  /&gt;&lt;b&gt;other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br  /&gt;&lt;b&gt;comprehensive&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;capital&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;deficit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Total equity&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -8.65pt; padding-left: 8.65pt; width: 530px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Balance, arch&amp;#160;31, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 76px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 76px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 76px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 76px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 76px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;135,440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 75px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(135,508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 14px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 75px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;28,828&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 14px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 75px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;28,766&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -8.65pt; padding-left: 8.65pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;30,929&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;30,929&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -8.65pt; padding-left: 8.65pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Other comprehensive income, net of tax of nil&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;1,701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;1,701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -8.65pt; padding-left: 8.65pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Balance, March&amp;#160;31, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;135,440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(104,579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;30,529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;61,396&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -8.65pt; padding-left: 8.65pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;69,533&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;69,533&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -8.65pt; padding-left: 8.65pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of nil&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(19,003&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(19,003&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -8.65pt; padding-left: 8.65pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Balance, March&amp;#160;31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;57,301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;135,440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(35,046&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;11,526&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;111,926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -8.65pt; padding-left: 8.65pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;20,236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;20,236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -8.65pt; padding-left: 8.65pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Other comprehensive income, net of tax of nil&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;1,826&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;1,826&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -8.65pt; padding-left: 8.65pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Repurchase of noncontrolling interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;1,820&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2,006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -8.65pt; padding-left: 8.65pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Contribution from noncontrolling shareholders.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(186&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -8.65pt; padding-left: 8.65pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Treasury shares repurchased&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(2,997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(2,997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: -8.65pt; padding-left: 8.65pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Balance, March&amp;#160;31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;56,691&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;134,693&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(14,810&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;13,352&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;133,241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF PARENT COMPANY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: center; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Year Ended March&amp;#160;31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Cash flow from operating activities:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in; width: 890px;&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 151px;&gt;20,236&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 151px;&gt;69,533&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 150px;&gt;30,929&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Equity in income of subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(19,837&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(71,265&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(29,064&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Dividend income&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(418&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(2,046&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;118&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;118&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;118&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Changes in assets and liabilities:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Due from subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(46&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Due to subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2,153&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Other current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(76&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;40&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(1,588&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Other long term liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(1,260&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,260&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Other assets&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(193&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(707&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(1,430&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(1,021&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;456&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Cash flow from investing activities:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Payment to subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(3,877&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Repayment from subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(855&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;7,318&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Repurchase of non-controlling interest&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(1,486&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Contribution from non-controlling interest&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3,736&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Capital repayment from a subsidiary&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;917&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Dividend from subsidiaries&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;418&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;2,046&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Net cash provided by investing activities&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1,813&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;4,358&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;2,046&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Cash flow from financing activities:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Payment on shares repurchased&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(2,998&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Repayment of long&amp;#8211;term loan&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(2,860&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Net cash by (used in) financing activities&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(2,998&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(2,860&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Net change in cash and cash equivalents&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(2,615&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;3,337&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(358&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;4,056&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;719&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1,077&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents, end of year&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1,441&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;4,056&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;719&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div align=left style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 0px; font: 13px 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; margin-bottom: 1pt; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;
&lt;div style=width: 376px; font-size: 1pt; border-top: black 1pt solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note to Schedule&amp;#160;I&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;1.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Schedule&amp;#160;I has been provided pursuant to the requirements of Rule&amp;#160;12&amp;#8211;04(a) and 5&amp;#8211;04(c) of Regulation&amp;#160;S&amp;#8211;X, which require condensed financial information as to the financial position, changes in financial position and results of operations of a parent company as of the same dates and for the same periods for which audited consolidated financial statements have been presented when the restricted net assets of consolidated subsidiaries exceed 25 percent of consolidated net assets as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal year.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;2.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;The condensed financial information of Synutra International Inc. has been prepared using the same accounting policies as set out in the accompanying consolidated financial statements except that the equity method has been used to account for investments in its subsidiaries.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;3.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted. The footnote disclosures contain supplemental information relating to the operations of the Company and, as such, these statements should be read in conjunction with the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;4.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;As of March&amp;#160;31, 2016, there were no material contingencies, significant provisions of long&amp;#8211;term obligations, mandatory dividend or redemption requirements of redeemable stocks or guarantees of the Company, except for those which have been separately disclosed in the Consolidated Financial Statement, if any.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: center; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;SCHEDULE II&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: center; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: center; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Dollars in thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: center; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;A. Basis of presentation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;B. Basis of consolidation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Synutra International, Inc. and its subsidiaries, its consolidated variable interest entity, Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co., Ltd. (the variable interest entity, or VIE), in which it has a controlling financial interest. A controlling financial interest is typically determined when a company holds a majority of the voting equity interest in an entity. US GAAP provides guidance on the identification and financial reporting for entities over which control is achieved through means other than voting interests, which requires certain VIEs to be consolidated by the primary beneficiary of the entity if the equity investors in the entity do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest or do not have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties. Through the contractual arrangements between the Company and the VIE, the Company controls the operating activities and holds all the beneficial interests of the VIE and has been determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The Company has concluded that such contractual arrangements are legally enforceable. The operations associated with the consolidated VIE are insignificant and the consolidated VIE holds de minimis assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;C. Use of estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;D. Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;E. Restricted cash&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;F. Accounts receivable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;H. Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;I. Property, plant and equipment, net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost. The cost of repairs and maintenance is expensed as incurred; major replacements and improvements are capitalized.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;When assets are retired or disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and any resulting gains or losses are included in income in the year of disposition.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets or, when applicable, the life of the lease, whichever is shorter. The useful lives for property, plant and equipment are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table align=center style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 98%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1317.61px; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Buildings and renovations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 235px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;20 &amp;#8211; 40 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Plant and machinery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5 &amp;#8211; 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Office equipment and furnishings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3 &amp;#8211; 5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;J. Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;K. Construction in progress&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Construction in progress represents direct costs of construction or acquisition and design fees incurred. Capitalization of these costs ceases and the construction in progress is transferred to property, plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided until it is completed and ready for intended use.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;L. Impairment of long-lived assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When these events occur, the Company measures impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flow is less than the carrying amount of the assets, the Company would recognize an impairment loss based on the fair value of the assets.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company recorded impairment charges on its property, plant and equipment of nil&lt;/font&gt;, $4.7&amp;#160;million and $1.0&amp;#160;million for the fiscal years ended March&amp;#160;31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. See Note 16, &amp;#8220;Impairment of long-lived assets and indefinite lived intangible assets for further details.&lt;/div&gt;


&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Intangible assets with an indefinite life are tested for impairment on an annual basis or when current facts or circumstances indicate that a potential impairment may exist. The impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair value of the intangible asset to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount exceeds the fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized equal in amount to that excess.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Management performs its annual impairment test for intangible assets with indefinite life on March&amp;#160;31. The Company recorded nil
 $1.1 million and nil impairment on its intangible assets for the fiscal years ended March&amp;#160;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. See Note 16
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;N. Income taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Current income taxes are provided for in accordance with the laws and regulations applicable to the Company as enacted by the relevant tax authorities. Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred taxes are determined based upon differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities at currently enacted statutory tax rates for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. Net operating losses are carried forward and credited by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years. A valuation allowance is provided on deferred tax assets to the extent that it is more likely than not that such deferred tax assets will not be realized. The components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are individually classified as current and non-current based on the characteristics of the underlying assets and liabilities, or the expected timing of their use when they do not relate to a specific asset or liability.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;O. Foreign currency translation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The functional currency and reporting currency of Synutra International, Inc. and Synutra Illinois are United States Dollar (&amp;#8220;US Dollar&amp;#8221;).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The financial records of the Company&amp;#8217;s PRC subsidiaries are maintained in Renminbi (&amp;#8220;RMB&amp;#8221;), the financial records of the Company&amp;#8217;s Netherland and French subsidiaries are maintained in Euro (&amp;#8220;EUR&amp;#8221;), and the financial records of another subsidiary is maintained in South Korean KRW (&amp;#8220;KRW&amp;#8221;), which are their functional currencies. Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rates at the balance sheet date, equity accounts are translated at historical exchange rates and revenues, expenses, gains and losses are translated using the average rate for the year. Translation adjustments are reported as cumulative translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component of the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies are translated into functional currencies at the rates of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. Transactions in &lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;P. Revenue recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company recognizes revenue when title and risk and rewards for the products are transferred to the customer, price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. Most of the Company&amp;#8217;s nutritional food sales are made through distributors. Under the distributor arrangement, evidenced by purchase order, revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the distributors. For sales of My Angel series powdered formula products, which is directly sold to baby stores, the revenue recognition is similar to that of distributor sales, and the revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the baby stores. For sales of the powdered formula products directly through certain supermarket retailers, who have a right of return clause, the revenue is recognized until the supermarkets have paid the Company. For sales to a limited number of distributors from whom collectability is not reasonably assured, revenue is recognized when the Company received payments.&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s gross sales are subject to various deductions, primarily comprised of rebates and discounts to distributors and retailers, which are reported as a reduction of revenue.The Company provides discounts or rebates to customers in the following ways:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.75in; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -0.25in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 0pt; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: symbol; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;The Company offers product discounts to compensate certain distributors and supermarket retailers for promotional expenses and slotting fees paid by them. These product discounts are recognized when incurred as a reduction to gross revenue.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.75in; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -0.25in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 0pt; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: symbol; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;The Company offers rebates to a few distributors and supermarket retailers as sales incentives. These sale rebates are typically determined based on a percentage of sales after attaining certain amount of orders relating to specific products by the distributors and supermarket retailers. The Company recognized a liability for the sales rebates at the time at which the related revenue is recognized by the Company, based on the specific terms in each agreement and the expected sales of each distributor or supermarket retailer.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Q. Shipping and handling costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;R. Advertising and promotion expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;S. Government subsidies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;T. Employee&amp;#8217;s benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;U. Earnings per share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;V. Comprehensive income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;W. Concentration of credit risk&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;X. Noncontrolling interest&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;div&gt;
&lt;p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Y. Fair value measurement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. The fair value measurement guidance provides a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. A financial instrument's categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Level 1 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets that the management has the ability to access at the measurement date.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset (i.e., interest rates, yield curves, etc.), and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market corroborated inputs).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Z. Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;AA. Recently issued accounting pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In August 2015, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-14 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date. The amendments in this Update defer the effective date of Update 2014-09 for all entities by one year. Public business entities, certain not-for-profit entities, and certain employee benefit plans should apply the guidance in Update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December&amp;#160;15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December&amp;#160;15, 2016, including interim reporting period within that reporting period. We are evaluating the impact to our financial position and result of operations upon adoption.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In July 2015, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-11 Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. An entity should measure inventory within the scope of this Update at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method. We are evaluating the impact to our financial position and result of operations upon adoption.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In November 2015, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-17 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. The amendments in this Update require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The amendments in this Update apply to all entities that present a classified statement of financial position. The current requirement that deferred tax liabilities and assets of a tax-paying component of an entity be offset and presented as a single amount is not affected by the amendments in this Update. For public business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December&amp;#160;15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Earlier application is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The amendments in this Update may be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. We are evaluating the impact to our financial position upon adoption.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In January, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, to improve the recognition and measurement of financial instruments. The new guidance requires equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income and separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset (i.e., securities or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements. The guidance also eliminates the requirement to disclose the fair value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost for organizations that are not public business entities and the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet. The new guidance is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The new guidance permits early adoption of the own credit provision. We are still in the process of assessing the impact of this ASU on our consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. This ASU will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 for public entities, and it will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted. We are still in the process of assessing the impact of this ASU onour consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07, which eliminates the requirement to retroactively adopt the equity method of accounting. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor&amp;#8217;s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting. The amendments in this ASU are effective for all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The amendments should be applied prospectively upon their effective date to increases in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity method. Earlier application is permitted. We are in the process of evaluating the impact of this ASU on the consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08, which amends the principal-versus-agent implementation guidance and illustrations in the Board's new revenue standard (ASC 606). The amendments in this update clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. When another party, along with the reporting entity, is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, an entity is required to determine whether the nature of its promise is to provide that good or service to the customer (as a principal) or to arrange for the good or service to be provided to the customer by the other party (as an agent). The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. We are in the process of evaluating the impact of this ASU on the consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1317.61px; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Buildings and renovations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 235px; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;20 &amp;#8211; 40 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Plant and machinery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5 &amp;#8211; 10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Office equipment and furnishings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;3 &amp;#8211; 5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;Year Ended March&amp;#160;31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 941.6px; text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;Beijing Honnete Dairy Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 157px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 157px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 156px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;11,867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;4,651&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;1,780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;Qingdao Lvyin Waste Disposal Investment Management Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;535&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co., Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -0.15in; letter-spacing: normal; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.15in; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: right; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;12,161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: right; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;5,220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 8pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Property, plant and equipment, cost:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1131.2px; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Land&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 157px; text-align: right;&gt;1,914&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 156px; text-align: right;&gt;1,447&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Capital lease of building&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5,469&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5,753&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Buildings and renovations&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;79,984&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;80,013&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Plant and machinery&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;64,584&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;65,790&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Office equipment and furnishings&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;11,973&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;11,146&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2,460&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2,577&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Others&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;1,143&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;1,140&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.45in;&gt;Total cost&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;167,527&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;167,866&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation:&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align:
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;Year Ended March&amp;#160;31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; width: 847px;&gt;Income tax expense at US federal statutory rate of 34%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 16px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 189px;&gt;8,981&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 16px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 188px;&gt;22,980&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 188px;&gt;10,364&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Foreign tax rate differential&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(3,280&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(3,699&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(3,206&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;PRC tax holiday effect&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(336&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(832&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;73&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(1,649&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(26,456&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(7,597&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(1,253&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(262&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(6&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Change of deferred tax assets due to tax loss expiration&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1,208&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2,331&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Effect of change in tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;754&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Nondeductible items&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1,783&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1,489&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(252&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Total income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;5,454&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;(4,449&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;130&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table align=center style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Year Ended March&amp;#160;31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;NET SALES TO EXTERNAL CUSTOMERS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 927.2px; text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#8211; Nutritional food&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 157px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;328,632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 157px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;386,807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 156px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;314,459&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#8211; Nutritional supplement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;27,742&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;18,516&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;21,987&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#8211; Other business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;8,665&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;8,618&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;34,088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.45in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;365,039&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;413,941&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;370,534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;INTERSEGMENT SALES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#8211; Nutritional food&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;124&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#8211; Nutritional supplement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;10,951&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;15,752&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;10,688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#8211; Other business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;5,401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.45in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Intersegment sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;16,650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;15,848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;10,812&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;GROSS PROFIT (LOSS)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#8211; Nutritional food&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;175,502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;188,235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;155,694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#8211; Nutritional supplement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;1,366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;1,708&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;(2,659&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#8211; Other business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;(44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;(389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;472&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.45in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;176,824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;189,554&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;153,507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table align=center style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;TOTAL ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1131.2px; text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#8211; Nutritional food&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 157px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;754,333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 156px; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;626,317&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#8211; Nutritional supplement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;281,616&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;38,878&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#8211; Other business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;124,077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;2,169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#8211; Unallocated assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;4,870&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;10,528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#8211; Intersegment elimination&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;(347,799&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;(13,007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.45in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;817,097&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;664,885&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;LONG LIVED ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#8211; Nutritional food&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;289,814&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;180,495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#8211; Nutritional supplement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;12,018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;14,039&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#8211; Other business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;894&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;1,208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -0.15in; letter-spacing: normal; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.45in; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: right; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;302,726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: right; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman
&lt;table align=center style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 100%; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Year Ended March&amp;#160;31,&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 941.6px; text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Mainland China*&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 157px; text-align: right;&gt;347,820&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 157px; text-align: right;&gt;397,234&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 156px; text-align: right;&gt;355,218&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;United States*&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;17,219&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;16,707&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;15,316&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.3in;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;365,039&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;413,941&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;370,534&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table align=center style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2016&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2015&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1145.61px; text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Mainland China&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 157px; text-align: right;&gt;100,364&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 156px; text-align: right;&gt;104,594&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Korea&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;10&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;USA&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;France&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;202,351&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;91,148&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -0.15in; letter-spacing: normal; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.3in; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: right; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;302,726&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; text-align: left; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 2.5pt; border-bottom-style: double; white-space: normal; widows: 1; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font: 13.33px/normal 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;11. LONG-TERM LOAN RECEIVABLE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In May 2015, the Company granted a four-year long-term loan of RMB 60.0&amp;#160;million (equivalent to $9.3&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;million) with interest rate of 7% to Qingdao Jisheng Iron Printing and Tin Making Co., LTD. (&amp;#8220;Qingdao Jisheng&amp;#8221;), a supplier for the iron sheet used for our formula products. Qingdao Jisheng shall use the loan to expand its own upstream manufacturing capacity. RMB10.0 million, RMB20.0&amp;#160;million and RMB30.0&amp;#160;million shall be repaid by Qingdao Jisheng in May 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively. The outstanding principle loan amount of $9.3 million is recorded as long-term loan receivable on the consolidated balance sheet, which is close to its fair value. On the other hand, in fiscal 2016 the Company received RMB27.0 million in cash equivalent from Qingdao Jisheng as a performance guaranty to be the exclusion tin supplier to our Carhaix facility. See Note 14 for details.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.&amp;#160;&lt;font style=text-transform: uppercase;&gt;INVESTMENT HELD AT TRUST&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In October and November 2015, the Company launched two marketing initiatives whereby customers can purchase online cash coupons through the BaiduPay platform (the Platform). The cash coupons can be redeemed by the customer within one year from the date of purchase for the Company's products posted in the Platform. The customers have the right to request the Company to redeem&amp;#160;their&amp;#160;unused coupons at the end of the one-year period for the original purchase amount plus an annual rate of&amp;#160;8.0%. According to the agreement between the Company and the Platform, the cash received from the customers for the purchases of cash coupons (the Fund) are required to be deposited in a specific trust managed by a third party financial institution (the Trust Company) to protect the customers' interest and only the portion of the Fund related to the cash coupon redeemed for the Company's products can be utilized by the Company at its discretion. The Fund relating to the unused coupons is restricted for use by the Company and can only be invested in principal protected investment products agreed by the Company and the Trust Company.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;Cash received from Customers and deposited in the trust in the amount of $3.2 million is recorded in Advances from Customers on the consolidated balance sheets.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;17.&amp;#160;&lt;font style=text-transform: uppercase;&gt;LOSS ON A SUPPLY CONTRACT&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In September 2012, the Company entered into a 10-year milk supply agreement with Sodiaal Union (&amp;#8220;Sodiaal&amp;#8221;), a French agricultural cooperative company, for its French project. In accordance with the terms of this supply agreement, the Company is committed to purchase a fixed volume of raw milk from Sodiaal on a monthly basis. If there is a shortfall between the Company&amp;#8217;s actual purchases and the contractual amount, the Company would have to pay a cash compensation to Sodiaal, which is determined as the difference between the milk purchase prices to be paid&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#160;by Sodiaal to the milk farmers and the spot market price for the shortfall quantity.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;In June 2014, Sodiaal consented that the delay of the Company&amp;#8217;s French project was mainly caused by government actions, and waived the right for the compensation under the contract since January 2015. In January 2016, an amendment to the original 10-year milk supply agreement was agreed by the Company and Sodiaal. Pursuant to this amendment, the Company is obligated to purchase milk from Sodiaal starting from January 2016. Should the Company fail to take delivery of the volumes agreed in the contract, the Company would be obligated to pay the compensation to Sodiaal based on the terms described above.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-align: justify; widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;18. EQUITY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;March&amp;#160;31, 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in; width: 1040px;&gt;Common stock, $.0001 par value: 250,000 authorized, 57,301 issued; 56,691 and 57,301 outstanding at March&amp;#160;31, 2016 and 2015, respectively&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;6&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 15px;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 180px;&gt;6&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Additional paid&amp;#8211;in capital&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;134,693&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;135,440&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Accumulated deficit&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(14,810&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(35,046&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive income&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;13,352&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;11,526&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Total common stockholders&amp;#8217; equity&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;133,241&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;111,926&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Noncontrolling interest&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;3,559&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;2,643&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #cceeff; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: -0.15in; padding-left: 0.15in;&gt;Total equity&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;136,800&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;114,569&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;On September&amp;#160;10, 2015, our board of directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to an aggregate amount of $20.0 million&amp;#160;of our common stock from time to time through September&amp;#160;10, 2016. Under the program, shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated and/or open market transactions, including under plans complying with Rule&amp;#160;10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. Following the approval, we entered into a Rule&amp;#160;10b5-1 trading plan under the Exchange Act permitting open market repurchases of our common stock based on certain triggers described in the trading plan. During the three months ended September 30, 2015, the company repurchased 112,000 shares of common stock in an open trading window or under the Rule 10b5-1 trading plan at an aggregate cost of $557,000; During the three months ended December 31, 2015, another 351,785 shares were repurchased at an aggregate cost of $1.8 million; During the three months ended March&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;31, 2016, we repurchased 146,000 shares of our common stock under the Rule&amp;#160;10b5-1 trading plan at an aggregate cost of $0.6 million, which was paid for through cash on hand.&amp;#160;The share repurchase program had automatically terminated due to our public announcement of receiving a non-binding proposal letter, dated January14, 2016, from Mr.&amp;#160;Liang Zhang, Chairman and CEO of the Company, and an affiliated entity of his, proposing a &amp;#8220;going-private&amp;#8221; transaction. For detail, please refer to 8-K filed on January&amp;#160;15, 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;30% of the equity interest of a subsidiary of the Company, Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co., Ltd. (Meitek), was held by three individuals, who are also among Meitek's management. In December 2015, the company and these three individuals undertook a restructuring of the noncontrolling interest of Meitek, &lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;G. Investments held at trust&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company's investments held at trust have a stated maturity and pays a prospective fixed rate of return. The Company classifies the investments held at trust as held-to- maturity when it has both the positive intent and ability to hold them until maturity. Held-to-maturity investments are recorded at amortized cost and are classified as long-term or short-term according to their contractual maturity.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
 serif; white-space: normal; letter-spacing: normal; color: #000000; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

begin 644 pg7a.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! @  9 !D  #_[  11'5C:WD  0 $    9   _^X )D%D
M;V)E &3      0, %00#!@H-   J@   M80  .#:  $2,/_; (0  0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0( @( @(

!
M @0%!A$ $A

B
SU#46=K;6-Y?7(#!!TM/D=;750%!10K
D
M=)2TI:9@85*3)86&%[=BLD-3Q
9Q@9%C-)!R@E4F)Q(  @ $!@$#!0$
M     #$!$2&!$ P8&%Q4:# \$&1P0*$A




D7)8&E\4

MOJ@                         1Y
(  .EB  /,7Y?N  !I?%
M  '
Z2:OL8
W^-:-_-R!BS*    ^9T H    @27U0
M      ($D_/4?DVDF1L)JU;+&OG;B@2)-^
^O+:\:A6S1Z:TPW$IT6G9R@


M-!*ZH                        $#2^*  ! DY\-L)I7T-^BAD])U75\7)
M0)$F_&?6!II!I1D#\&#KHZ



M           @:7Q0    !@$T$KJ@                        0-+XH




Z9
M8]A!CN18
E\40-)363C %2)
9DU6M@/#'0Q%R]%
6!I?%
X$#2^*
M        ! TOB@  !I?% $#2^*   (&E\4                   1)OQG
MU    @:7Q1 TDY[ZUPR1C#I2)N:J:]6\QXZT\[KE@:7Q0              )

M#+EE40-+XH     $#2^*                 .);.VI0
M               (&E\4  !H  !,2G   I*[F       :X25     !ACY
M '!EEV4 ? _9_H/V   ?,^@    !?8     'D-J     !YSH10    !SVE:6
M5)G2Q*    ! TG!JM=(175         @:4]9NF..AE    @27U96GG*.N5
M !PZF,K'%0BVFUKG@ !)N:\BV;-';R@  0-*:O
%FUQU&H   ' %FX1=RL*
M    (&FSG

 G\Q^3\Y[)
DDKSV;YCAL6




ML72^J(&D

87$S:[6!I?%$#3;SG2O
MC$_K?XLIJ)?#EXO94E$2^J     ..DU\]-:I)B;=K+1'F*ZLX2^J
 G\RN3


4XU8_)U\L#2^+ TT
G=?0U4OL3ZNNY=K
M(&E\6!I)SR5[HQ-;1&T&/

?0U4VTZ&7T$#2^+(D
MU(GYB*S4;&? \!?#?E$#2^*(&E\4     0)+ZH     YZ2O*
6?0^YG@9(@2

MH_9E#-KKJ4-<V!I?%&F$V0     9<LJ@    !)?5   $2^J
 G(7$^6J.

M4$N(   )*=
*

M                     !I?%
M                         XY3W&PGK-6!L9J!131C,&R%Y4
M                                             !)IY\3=33S&%0-
M5+XO/26$T4OJ@
M        0))6;83TVDT^MKC8#J-0($E]4
M                            !)?5    $2^J
M                                     !Q:E6    !YSH10
M                 /_:  @! 0 !!0+[




1N










MKY] X_*


M1KT:]&O1KT:]&O1KT:]&O1KT:]&O1KT:]&O1KT:]&O1KT:]&O1KT:]&O1KT:

M



M/R+*%$(QECDMM66E.26OK5EI;6KDRM%9W!MBC5%J:E


M-SX
-SX
-SX
-SX
-SX




6N5X?





MLJ-
?D$A6/#R_XD&D2&?8'4X^*E1\H]$/XA50A_2I%%K/+.IM(H\#

MBRQW71^W=4??.HH^4?M-P. VRFFMH!Z-(IK&--../54?*/1#^(6R+/5+:=#)


M75&);/K$E

M#JLVT?(1H^0C1\A&CY-'R$:/D(BS3*WQ+H^0C1\A&CY-'R$:/D(T?(1'F1
M-&V/MW9V;F)OW/@PW/@PW/@PW/@PW/@PW/@PW/@PW/@PW/@PW/@PW/@PW/@P
M


M6R'[16R%7-):^D?M%;(?M%;(?M%;(?M%;(?M%;(?M%;(?M%;(?M%;(?M%;(?
G&YZ<8W8:2U6
-PV\;AMXW#;QN&WC<-O%=R64CM;?XFG5.K



M+MV
RE;M1(C+CR#T\/E266MO97


MU#'XK0P+^K/1C334


U+#7!%0N1UXE.A1A<U08$Q^A7@UZ0VEL;5
M;R;H^0ADP?6J;]XVM.A8Y%,G1G4K)HDK\,_!ITY)K2LTR1N7AGX\,_'AGX0
M.LQ;Y7TOLMD1,B+530Y*G.G*HM0=-TB=]R=RQ9V:9
3;X9^/#/QX9^)&Z7!
M8&(3MW6








MS

JYT1Q
M2R62HHNE9GA







MU1!_.D:=*Z+&!A@A2RLJ/MP9OD4-WRBHJ8/5JW2!KEC%
H(D.2RFVA]15=



Q]-;
M*T5U((Q'6Q

JCZF1)D$G3R.M0

MHG&T\8CB10LCS$XKBXPP$)%[ RNBI'%8VWJ^BY_ W1%^+0422GI&.&&.%-

MK)Z%'RCT2%D321CT?(1H^0C1\A&CY-'R$:/D(T?(1H^0C1\A&CY-'R$:/D
LS?(H;OE'L[G\#=$7XM[+\6B4-A[W&4JJZ*9+F-T1F-T1F-T1F-


MTF/:1AF.N&$:X81KAA&N&$:X81KAA&N&$:X81
I.VNT6%SDYZNVVYD2&YD2&





(XWVPX&_
8$H5
M-$R?/RK
B(Q/EJ.+3+###S?&LV'2D^M?&)6H5=-L.!OS&!=G;#@;\QC*N
M;DK
QNB
QNB
QNB
QNB
QNB
QNB
QNB
QNB
QNB
QNB+58FXP'[K_]H  $

M'G8CSL1YV(\[$4F]^/Y/C5W8^

8UX#QBO'I)_YZ3



?4
MU#U50]34/4U#U50]54/55 H[$S'I
-JIJ]34/4U#U-0]17@/4U#U50]54/55



'DF#R3!Y)@H*
PK_T(7__V@ ( 0(!C\






M\N

CV.1VU=/D5
^6=:7C&.4H0/DV@/#U_B$5KVQH+(@HA
MJP2CX[$T24NYP].G;)\KG5):]F
646MDQ%F#D-(^PK


=84DF%.I(;Z^XH\KFQVQ(SVH



M4ZEE8['

=E64F1

M8&76Q'
:JOU:5--%315R5]52;\RGQXEW#678QWQC;EC65SQ2^0;*X)!+;#)P

(H01[J^QK&*U*UPJ^



MM)N9



4




E3 3<
M2-'+#CHS0'FH(=XF?Z(WJU.A5V Z)1T\5T5[RQ71ZR$%T8I8HX) 486J%Y


\[UR[C?X$VT^#M%I[%T=45^GL$@LL/1R_



M=!7H:Y/.E:2!$9HJ



M1'^%W#L23SU\FV$G5C\9;8

\)S

M)
9N


C\-R!7 ($.-+!UQ74


;&B0[![
M1LEDC0C1%5CLXBM=.HYMI8

1(MI(?*94EAMBU9AHDN
M5IRL=7)Q'-WFZA#.L
&4E3C]15V?+1LD7B<+?D

MI*_G.Z8 ^/OM


MH:%+#(H9I+*ZHL9)W

$_BBJX]HIM4W%9


1B::H
MK9T6LLYO6
X01DG270T+QRY:?*K&S:C8#HC);YD\[V
X/ ;YK=S=VD\2\N.+



M[_3_ !&Z:=.N.U\UF0XS

MDLI1I]DPML659V-9CEJ6:MVRJ#-WH5G2RZN.\






MPM!W[)\T=NPM!W[)\T=NPM!W[)\T=NPM!W[)\T=NPM!W[)\T=NPM!W[)\T=N
MPM!W[)\T=NPM!W[)\T=NPM!W[)\T=NPM!W[)\T=NPM!W[)\T=NPM!W[)\T=N
MPM!W[)\T=NPM!W[)\T=NPM!W[)\T=NPM!W[)\T=J\M!;^&4*G(2Q=!B6D&_E
M3XXEM)NHI
F-PP'(PFOG-:U%3\&W:'PB]$Y-^/MVA\(O1.3?C[=H?+T3DWX
M^W:'PB]$Y-^/MVA\(O1.3?C[=H?+T3DWX^W:'PB]$Y-^/MVA\(O1.3?C[=H
M?+T3DWX^W:'PB]$Y-^/MVA\(O1.3?C[=H?+T3DWX^W:'PB]$Y-^/MVA\(O
M1.3?C[=H?+T3DWX^W:'PB]$Y-^/MVA\(O1.3?C[=H?+T3DWX^W:'PB]$Y-
M^/MVA\(O1.3?C[=H?+T3DWX^W:'PB]$Y-^/MVA\(O1.3?C[=H?+T3DWX^W
M:'PB]$Y-^/MVA\(O1.3?C[=H?+T3DWX^W:'PB]$Y-^/MVA\(O1.3?C[=H?
M+T3DWX^W:'PB]$Y-^/MVA\(O1.3?C[=H?+T3DWX^W:'PB]$Y-^/MVA\(O1.
M3?C[=H?+T3DWX^W:'PB]$Y-^/MVA\(O1.3?C[=H?+T3DWX^W:'PB]$Y-^/
MMVA\(O1.3?C[=H?+T3DWX^W:'PB]$Y-^/MVA\(O1.3?C[=H?+T3DWX^W:'
MPB]$Y-^/MVA\(O1.3?C[=H?+T3DWX^W:'PB]$Y-^/MVA\(O1.3?C[=H?+T
M3DWX^W:'PB]$Y-^/MVA\(O1.3?C[=H?+T3DWX^W:'PB]$Y-^/MVA\(O1.3?
MC[=H?+T3DWX^W:'PB]$Y-^/MVA\(O1.3?C[=H?+T3DWX^TE9\+P^G3*^[O




A^:FW


M]Y


Y&
17.W A80Q':)Y&HO1M*@&+.63&)R
M[&AJK$[)TQ)-=#)!K3C.%/F DVP&D8-55F\NO0,FX&+&G&))D.CB %8$X9

NW%8_3R.38SWCS%]<EE=.RCJ^VM1F5)
AKB8
M@W%AQ;


UU5=@TTB=#LZJHI[RNH1RH<L<KF;V

5L:JC$

ME:WX/M=))+CR2 #$:7)X8U*Y48CWN15\Q^[6M3(?%1'L*)^1\W&RK-CBUG
M(AL(KSC9




MQ7(BJ_7R(NG.UV0^):Q5X;@2)659O %

M[^91^TMNT6?=_

&5);G&3(:0*'QUBC*_K'5[(ZR2;O\
M!OKMVBS[OYE'[2V[19]W\RC]I;=HL^[^91^TMNT6?=_
H_:6W:+/N_F4?M+;


ME$ ?+.]E8LNHQDBN5?:GF&WSO/5D^KBU0)4&.:O@QY;;6.)Y)AK7*H$TY-]J




M6TCB;J*;/&R


C=3.!= @9O/)9+BQ
M;.JC9*2&

MG+5[Z!MA

/!\!)*F-+P1.P.L K31^:X\2Z12B9MA) .
Y^/?L[;Z-L![GX]^SMO#R?C^'XO1SES@4=9M/C]362U 3&<G<0*
MR(40)N$]PVJK==%T3]PX?\0?$GY0^%.TP,_'[.7+C5\]=



%G.R*J8^-%':S
MT!3QA8TU(8#- Z



MD@P#HUXR(OG
:O\ FV[&9]W=_/-NQF?=W?SS;L9GW=W\\V[&9]W=_/-NQF?=
MW?SS;L9GW=W\\V[&9]W=_/-NQF?=W?SS;L9GW=W\\V[&9]W=_/-NQF?=W?SS
M;L9GW=W\\V[&9]W=_/-NQF?=W?SS;L9GW=W\\V[&9]W=_/-NQF?=W?SS;L9G
MW=W\\V[&9]W=_/-NQF?=W?SS;L9GW=W\\V[&9]W=_/-NQF?=W?SS;L9GW=W\
M\V[&9]W=_/-NQF?=W?SS;L9GW=W\\V[&9]W=_/-NQF?=W?SS;L9GW=W\\V[&
M9]W=_/-NQF?=W?SS;L9GW=W\\V[&9]W=_/-NQF?=W?SS;L9GW=W\\V[&9]W=
M_/-NQF?=W?SS;L9GW=W\\V[&9]W=_/-NQF?=W?SS;L9GW=W\\V[&9]W=_/-N




MF )W



R&]4

M.



B^=LZN^#6/]7O8P;H'4U=R;F#DK-&QT7E^ K&3



838@N!&5!S6G12!%T(Y=7?Y]B3SX_2'G&C.AEF&JH!)18;X_*/BD
MD/ I7QG15X:L5=U1^;Y-B2FA$V4808YI*#8AR@C/D$C!(;3B/%')+*K&JNC5






M
]=U(66&ODQJF9D$)H)
N8\H&0Z2.$\@3'-3=8X)V+NF2939/B]SRD63:GGN


MS7K I


##[Z5


$B2Q#;)B3;$A#]#2)'(CQ\16N:THN



W/;6[5T;CEF19=I0UL





M

_;WNS[ZJ?%'YG[9+.6'9P@V697L^&RWJ;.

NJ_P#FO_TEVBM%
M2U(VP028L)K*V&QL.-

MTN

M-KLL:KKX-;&5_$6/7Q 0P*16

MTKDU=OJN\OEVBLC0XL=L&



N+65A9UBM1



D:*9B\-_0O3M[^
M?W;;^X-O?S^[;?W!M[^?W;;^X-O?S^[;?W!M[^?W;;^X-O?S^[;?W!LY19 
MJ



B\0YSV.7G3IZ&L8U/4N;R/!ZQ)4UTRQ6+S#(K7CA1R23*\[F
MDW6M$)?(USE7HTVC5D6GKW]=65_5T)I%E('H?%[V)16Y;@;*XG+B*0[B1D$I






MI2S.K^L9A$
5Z/G6:U

207(\BQ\


M/\&



%B K'JL60TDE




MZQ'/2R*1_ UX)4:Y6M4:CQY]Y)*].7\/[

MR

*&M4$&

M[(.8- 6./WO9#U:9J$142&&7
LS4I4N+=YKB!1@LF5T&TNJ6N@2G4D$-8YMX


NL)$!ZCF!B!\*#DCN0I0+Q6C\





M!L]:YZ]+O#?\#&JO_P $5=N7QJR\1$#S*M(#PI'NQ^6-,X[M_PY1&BY2,0F
M\O1N,5?P;.?&\7,Z*C'(PF[7^%V\-[AC,UA6+X;(\3U9C]'(B[KD7R*FWTK



MXK?(NFU/1MFU\JL% Q:5Q*[*;.(
[:S&

B%!$1L ES3FE#D
*B.22B

.6(







M?0E=(L@UA([Y4=%

5S




M?8U0;6NU4@Y4%T5H

MXOX=H['2




]CD51:K'%C '+

N/D.V/P]6RYCG[R^<

MMH.0CT1VZ*UQZXI$EB:KF(XT
MDUR^

[8A4?$U%HX:HNUS/LWQ^-8.JV;D-JCCF)7U@8\

M337CC6@S/A213X;XA?9(Z\:'+%JBL

MOO76P.J0P&29



MQ&J-/8UEGCV
ML*QQAU1JQR#QYL8Q6SC8N^?Q)C;1YW1 AQKA5X%U2$
J(KC-&B+]Q3_$')/E

6/()%)QHKS

558JHBJU516JK5_BJK5T^ZI_B#DGRAQ3
MU?%;X_5W_2[PVV8E3QMIXT=T9D]7=3H=WF QW\(]HA[&)7#D54RR##D+(*
MKSE%-(K0D8U7&VDJ3*)O6W+&%')&RTC0D*+JV-7O40A &YS

M7KV[A 6S6LLP)4N;-Y;K/*;UAV%%*R=(-F%HHK.JXXAGKF\FG&BF8%7/&_


IX2



D

.X V;
O)EB^0L$KFR*



ML;B NKVVDUM0SK44B&MBRP,JB&= LWN'N(OJ8;^@('\G^\'5L&P!5S16^
M-74.;*@$M(HY6-9)4Y''9)@L*HLD$DM4@WHV0)R-?JB]&W;# ?JVR'[5MNV
M& _5MD/VK;=L
!^K;(?M6V[88#]6V0_:MMGN*]?X#&^!!\;!S_PR$W6?P@H
MQW.]RO\ S,%R7*;_  _;[_KO-\FW;# ?JVR'[5MNV& _5MD/VK;=L
!^K;(


MPP'ZMLA^U;;MA@/U;9#]JVW;# ?JVR'[5MNV& _5MD/VK;=L
!^K;(?M6V[8
M8#]6V0_:MMVPP'ZMLA^U;;MA@/U;9#]JVS
DR3(**T?'HIU)$B4F+SZ!K6SY


M-)PRKHNBZ+L
0_$//6C$QHQMYG&/-8Q$:UO3BVO0B;?2)GW]8Q?YJ[?2)GW]









7BJ)CFQPK(D-12/5K$U1-=51%(QH;@Y
M=Y5BA!5F*6SA







M

!Z]@WV+Y#H8#I'A5K2M



F*.RQV/:Q&
M#AP912Q)&/D-BQ@#N'CBTL_J$Q005&I&R9+G;SM'\1!QLKQSAW]H233S(#8O
HE(C5TWM-=
M/NL

P2LWY?#FZ
WG(UFN^
MN]N[CG1$N

M37Y)7QX46VD0HD,7'DPP6JVP:N$;?G(Y2FB 57*SF.)%FL0LX!/O&9?H




0


EKI
?'RME

MY6$D
*.2








Y2


?T5%3;VV_[E


M^WMM_P!R\T^;^SZNME3%GLB/GK&G4MY4/=$$8

M6UOY@9

NQC
)Q/$

*@7A/;!=&?AV%EEJE/<2Z22=L


2/)GPZ
DB
W%ZQ4C

M7_

M=SR/.J[&*MS%ZO Z/&X;.+['H-W3_#MV['W5JORVW;L?=6J_+;=NQ]U:K\MM
MB=?99*&XK[R7:Q)


JO3B22%5UA(=ZW1HQ[1YH/$(!XDML5\:0#%:LXCCFJ-


M:*$LB1(-C%0

MQ]U:K\MMV['W5JORVW;L?=6J_+;6ETS- 2G5D0DM(Q

M 

%O&8R2KA

;Q$&TO3PU=H
MNPU%XVXX3C194X.Y78H_BPH/,\[,'NV[\6'R1N*1/-'PG[RINKM&+_SKQ][




C7!DB:83


M]MRG




^$K#!?N/OG-WQ&&U[5_BN1%3I
MV]JO^^F:?.#;VJ_[Z9I\X-O:K_OIFGS@V]JO^^F:?.#;Q!J8I9SH$^ITAAG
M6=C:NCMDXG1RS

3E'\(*::.5-[85%U:6*V74I9A?(:X' 6*69$LHKCD7<FRG
M2Q
4 F
&_ED(5^FB-6VII%0^5&@WE77I
U9_-(5IA7()EG1V)A AWL18<^$* 19+0R$#93
M 2A#.G(:.QNK55'M*:CM<=9S/5U*R-BUW!BHG5I_$:T;3Q2IUG%@2JU]W E


M(\G&1R;_  E _*ZJX)$'9Y*5&\0AHG!)*LJ^FK5:[C#?#XLBP&YC!JQS7N5$

 A&-_PT
M./DV


M
S@R5$<B-=S'A\]-]H
MS1V\#155IMPM?-KZ.=.G)U?0 Y2[OZTH*R


M#_[A]6R_H$S^SDVH+#K$P9I:?I2.C$.TD)D#'Z\/X;)B1U.=K=]A7CWAZI


P\VL
M 2OD!L(_)4PZNOJ5C6M'9R.IPOGRUIARX](YIG(]^I)12KT*HU(VP'4T84%&


OL?TVE5\FVBR'RDLC1U

5Z0^



'&6/5HM!K67894M=-==1_Y

0-H1PBA=7&-.O:]70@*L03:UKF*OFL;:H9
MUC$B1S66_

M4K^&IG2B4XJ./(CD#P6-60R*%I.&YSV1[B+R
M1N_9R(I4DLM+:F*







M.Q0%'7NY
\^3!QU1&?YKS-\URJK&M=-CLAY%C :%B3&7$)H!3@3+;)




O
M)$2

M61Y
NMJ/&I4%E)48JB\
MS$C\N3EV( Q9#58UY X_8V'+W,.#:V,PMF6(9DO)_@NMS?6<F5-+=AS(TE8



M0ZS



)GZ?H/D7CWJ9M\4<D_4TS:#<38J3(T;X
!*-=-1LL;&KJW2V
M:C+O$A-F\5&Z)OJS=U;KO(''IYB&B28Q3QGTM=1;L.OZMLYS$8Y((7U\R/


##AP#5Z1HM;:6Q9(@5F-9=3!<_6+7WX






MH4HAU=UC#7
X^ZXC1


MU:XX8F


MV/U4.6TDJRXDE&%N@23-:FK485-$3UB(RK+1X_9)4U-0KZC(;R&A5JH5NT5J




WGKM&&S


P
.;
M+A-X5EE4NXKX@83HMTXE3(Y9X9.ZPZJ)^OG;0CFLU#8U]?;!#)%E.32R%L


MD




W'





MTHT_'\C@2VG;QH\Z:(

.+K:3I$L30L.CW\SS3_7O5C +A



GP&7MS%IHTAL2)+DB@R\I60R*D3FPE%+K8$8


4F1NEA@U4-9A8CEA

A+4FNY 5BQ0@

M:C6#&-J
8-C4Z&L8U-$3U/$S]/T'R+Q[U
V^*.2?J:9M!D7M6ZWJ7NQL
R*B


M9#B\LYX$


)&5#-X&[)3=


C%T5%Z%3;A


M:GD]3_@'_P!P^K9?T9_9R;4,L=/+L93Z?$Y&/7W;(=530AXK3QY
.;&9.9
M/5CIPI)7!%$


VZBV!9O
*-3.;5DD+


U*D*TG55M)


ME_6IQ1;HUU;YJV178ECD(



M&88A$&D.@W#!%AP@-X:,W$X,2NCC9HGFMS3UJ;1JB33UIJR%PUA071 \M#
M4(G@$Z&)&(V*X82N8BLW5W'*GD5=N8CT=5'/R0ZWBQX



WT&]G

M YY
IQ+:Y







C0HD=V^4F\


^0
MY[0


M/UDY#]E.W8_ ?K)R'[*=NQ^ _63D/V4[=C\!^LG(?LIV['X#]9.0_93L'(LB
MK


M=I*#TQ7^Z-NTE!Z8K_=&W:2@]



M*CF/:ID5KFJG2FWO_2^E8/Y?;W_I?2L'\OM[_P!+Z5@_E]O?^E]*P?R^WO\



M

(0A&CB%*4CD1K41555V]MO








M=C\!^LG(?LIV['X#]9.0_93ME=MD46F@RLAM8$P$*EMYMT.#15E3[+-G46









M6^1I6(Y.A[=6.\J*J;4*E

YHV(FKG*O1_
_GKJUN'B

&(T((


MZ]=(AP*^[J8:#JHP9 J^\ANC'8XSS2&%
-[1.WE9N/:QS'
5K^@L+F4EOD65
ME:'
R(/F+262:=H8L?V






3]]O_:  @! 0,!/R'Y,.;M6 V
MN*U*2-
EZ5-6.EUE)AN'OJ=+W]8#Q#\!^:P(&6NT; SRS'-!+F_QIGU[P@AU



%L*@ P&FC+8WK388/




M2^UIZ8+K8&U_41T0P3JJBR(S#3[QM@%P6(_
MK -+
2E5FF&+$_%9?4A







F3)


M20%/;%*KQWS$2564[G!880*'-.-K)DA=KO8
M7CN
75X+)DR9
F3)DU5.T34R!$#]!;MZLX^4EF#I
B;KIR@[12'\(@-]_\
M2@9-U2W)*6(]0V='VFD*UTHQQF4A_ X-T$!7C[+:65TL=L*=X^6^(C.4N!!(



F#X(


\L*R053BH#V=!.1[++$2-A)
MWY-#EN!H'(B.IL/O4^

:6-B2^H$:W
MF3)DR98/:0S^U(;R/ERE*4I2E*4I2E*4I2E*4I2E*4I2E*4I2E*4I2E*9/&

?2 N_A0$5A4Z.V68N'3:O,Q#<'6=[-66-
*[&
\
5AA^!M^AE2OK=M


M'0



M]OOOONQI? C$#:)
L 
^R $

&G RLY@4'



@J

M.4^

'C/2E\]TD2)$O\GDO R+
M;OA(D2) I$G]I
X% ;!^9

M R%TF

(&PNB-6I
#V]Z


N;PCQ8EP(J&0[^K'+-X.0/V]/1RC$
ME7280#:2M8#BF) *]6CH




M5;$V/1.GYAKM_ M^\^ON:*8#G4?)5/EZIPNOG4LYNC=BL7$#+MD8+KAJ)6

C86S&BX69X2&



:-]E1L
M%.7C:



].?F*'21(4



MF3)DR9




0(D99U]_T3K@
MU7



MKTU 
\Y*M-S$YC0J:NEEZEUM)J!P/1.N)Y495#$H @:8W4W=QPL&23(YBM&:
MALU14 SN#P0F TK247K (/WX RL.^W8U4ZL$:Q9P TRR?@F2 ]$R;N^C 8%
M@;O@8B\26)A-UDR9,E'8$55PD%0#C=9

M_@P8


MPM@()63#^C!K9NU

W
MKTW7$'REV&D;!Y+W*U=#AR(-B8R'RGC@LRP#^4

;E
M:M6KD9Q*-Z%C4-@

MIV&^F'^V$39J7J!&QMLX *&X:)B!38.6!_2641J@KJXUM IX4'0\@C:$9N\Q


IK


MG37Q&P


OBHBF!BK-$'I(


4H8 NO


&)L7'K(5VKTY2
4@J8



#^';^QUK3Z;BSM+X1YE##=U2
8\
M

0-QL?2K
B=<3M6QLF (+G*$,'/V$86-Y1SN/F[L
%T


)P


V5C1

K23XS8Y*5L)9%*K\EIP:3 TXB'D:.\(GU.'-=49J
M1


M



A

M(:W)()ZA$J

&\5B\UZ$8X
$







MR9
F3)D/LM2E8.TN=E8SG*A!MUDG!9
F3)DR9
KHI



@:8O=<+P%QA0OR1]L-\@&7?F5/A9IS2'?=LQD08]





^J+##JSML[;.V



S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
M
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
S
M
S
S/_7*]M[+V7P
3$Q


M.PG83L(Q0%&Y0TZIEJEQ+D@[0+CK#.TG83L)V$.59?B\3$Q
3$QLQ
2O@;^&



1
M   0                   *0$T3$4XBVS3
M                          ] PE$
H&E@$@
M
M
M
M
M                                    &F@0TB3C;;0

M                                         #+[;;;7[KX8
M                                            ;;;;;;;;;?
M                                              $))))/))))@
M                                                      H
M                                              #;;;;;;;;;9DDD
MDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDS;;;;;;]
             8;        H
M                                   #:X            ##8
M %                          #;;;S;;8   8         ' 7;[;;;;
M    H                          OV^TV #(:B$#:        : D[W=O

MD@ % !8                         8   NTF^G #(?6T?#        [;;
M;;;;;;( +                         #   %$
 $@ 9#[;Y 8
M    8     !8                         8   UMMIMMJ 8   #
M      #      +                         #       8   #MMMM8
M         X#0   !;8                        8@     #;H
M           #$.    +[                        #       9?
M           $;;S;8 #;?[;8                    C;;S;?    #


M]AFH1( P               P   &  P   &                    &0
M P'@(+T'0&               .VV&WP .VVVWP                    &V
MVFVV P      P                 (
M   &   &VVVFVVX       !;;;;;;VVVVY))))))))))))(VVVVVVVVVVVVV
M      XV     &@P         YV    *.X   !H
0  +!@   X&    (N
M  _F    &.P     Y(         &.P   !1_P   -FWP !1    &      Y

!N1*83 4     !H#+CT [&E8( *_*_7AU/**!AR$=@
M


MAI1R0

3'04 4!B   

_P#X8 8$;;;;;;8     %    H!P   0 H   '#
M   ##$   88     H#    8#;;;;;              9)))- .__ /\ T 4D
MDDDCMMMMMAMMMM\-MMYMML#MMMM\                    4DDDD  DDDF
M                    #]@

M                         !@
M                         !;O;I[T
M                            5;O?CF@
M                              IK!( 4
M                                 4    @
M                                   #-MMMMD
M        ?__:  @! 0
!/Q#Y-B HW^Y4V)FM ]7 U[4;@621BHISL[_: :=A
M=?;3MD;.;*N(ZTT([2C3W:W'M*Y&4TVIC/GKT^ISWW1YBUC-2A.PB*IQ;/-K



%@49P4P&
M1M$AP%G0R&:H96P;;+;[SE1RI^$L[Z&'KFT1-E+'8O+29K:%ZK07+C!? '

3 &HRUJ=U#:]59C:!W4R=@)! J)!-D
M5:\1XC]B^
-2BR:A+LA
/$B\FM-(D) -3_XK@KW#H)J^0R
FJGV=J8#U)B9*
MX'





M'5)2%NI
)24HB5YLV

NV(9YT?T[(IB



M%44R:86V(B D&#A8)GN%6DRS. 7B' =HL;C^'(YCHUCNO78KB(
XQI\*K(%K


F3)DR9



AB@50D:!0BE7.8]UUR*/5 (



=HD.@GMMK[
MTZQ/1O 8V8T7T&A@B# L6@$QOA2;?@AWHL6+%BX_U&:!N&/41\N8QC&
8QC&
M
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QAQV0U_L4-I
(\((?.O;X%BW=F#-4IH:



M*5Q&P:QDSCS
BWM5AO


O
ERD437%]+JLH^NM+8
M\!*E$
X

S:LU(WX2X6<F!28W2+[8<IV?U


:/(\-R5GTJINU

M(8[A


M



M!3*%

Y :U0/1L\HTL/K(6?T:HYOANS[4V!DA[)XC]UUHY
M.I**VU
VKTC0F5YJ:@\IECJ$\G9M!H)8DZP- +%56\79)VVT(E1? -4P'X
9

M.(#
_P L9
T.2VCB?C




4V&H +%JA-5B[96=U8Q'(G@

E?8N*J!!@PKDXHYS4C!Y;
5

M=&Z:Y
@2'S2(0\3NH0[ EJ:!(ZWF./CV0;\=(
FX NU9P5[Q=D&##I]F9*.$
MW8 +'

X:
#/-$_P#AE\$$#EJ)OA




MX:AT B;S*L

MTFT8S4E:OU\QW&:?


[F#TH(QT+::J;=E


 *A









D'BM!*Z
MK?T7ZF$(SD5L


MPGFIZ5@P0.^2Y


M16
CMDEX*^4BD=:OB'2I0+WAK66 Z5SM9YGA@H4$

M6?IX0-$VA1%-7^X
U




#N=2T0#^$XZ:_B!NDR7@NP
M]

M6S@%BK2TC9\WGV'3@#P&$9MB')AL6LLG=Z5J^
F;W/@IG_P*YX9 _QDY1PI
M0XJ(^=$*X!93!N
F;0.^6J]!-LX349ELX


M+HC';FJITX.

VC(H[ 4
M)D$C*H#Q--XLY:Z^&F39&@%:EQ:74YE$EVR&[L+I0ED%5VG4$-&?QO$:@W
M





ML0&6MLPK04Q
1#+WMPP:'MKZAZ*#T+2.DCF;)^?V1_6:XX7-!DTQBUTJEG4&
MJZP(8R







^99M[ROX&\

H!5HCL0 1+F$[#W V#%X7. TJ82L4HIF%

SA:L401


R9H3)IW!D(?
T!K^)N H
M9K5%+/R-GSGJ5&$PDUC=UJ@P?J_

'Q
M@


Q#^-E&/;1<*#O9@EZ^N44= 'TY8$BJ58*G-S8[4.2R
M+7/UFQF9^[;)\F,:%2 -8O*$UEN5GU AVUBJE)6 MQFEK-27*,<B-T-?R1
MT,VBL'DFB%B!YH!P&U;RQL]2!IT[8?-*/,HRA7D# B2T%
UA!D-*N.Q9$OU
MHIV(6'#+0


MF4RF4RF4RF4RF4RF5]:/_
U$Q
3$Q
3$Q
3$Q
3$Q
3$Q



3$Q
3$Q
3$Q
3$

IE
IE/ =?A32?:9[

]9;+9;\#RF:



1KE
3$Q
1K9RW/$OM+[2^TOM+[2^TOM+[2^T\3Q+[1U^



3$Q5S$Q

3$Q
3$Q


IE
IE
24RF4RF5N5W

M@P?)]SUTG^@S_09_H
_T&DI;7N&X6/JK:YI^OO$$@^;RUBZFSW@X KNS16


S
RV6RV6RV.PUG.5*E2M[EM-83$LG.7UF)IK



M
PUA+B])<N
M62]O+9RV%PN9FN93MY;.4S4+BLS*9F4S

J4RI

&-*/$%?
G(=4Q2O(U




U6;2\3 \^M][



MQZX N3][#64RF4RF4RF4RF4SELY2I4J5*E2I4=-F*F)B8F)B8F)B8F)B8VXF
M)B8F)B8F)B/U6:

MF)B8EDO_ )TQ
3$Q
3$Q
3$Q
1^;?__:  @! P
!/Q#Y-;KWE]M@M.R$:+ET
MYV+P

6:%STE

MN8F)C28A0U$)4QSE$N8A.=2\U+V/Y^JN?B5SE2I42]BI4J5*2H%0*E2I0;'\
M_57/Q+)9+)9+)9+)9+)9+)9+)9+)9+)9%/Y^JZ)1*)1*)1*)1*(!4HE$HE$H


MNHE=1*ZB5U$KJ)742NHE=1*ZB5U$KJ)742NHE=1*ZB5U$KJ)742NHE=1*ZB5
MU$KJ)742NHE=1*ZB5U$KJ)742NHE=1*ZB5U$KJ)742NHE=1*ZB5U$KJ)740]


MZ2N7*!7Q9J[*E'P)I\VLEDLEDLEDL@DLEDLEDLEG -/A76ISYS'5F.\^\Q=9


M[CI#3YH?G@&K




I=XT^0.G





\I3*Q4R:2F





MC68N433$LVFKLY^/W&KS
0J=Y9
028A3+S6QTVFK/?26;+ERX:;#5V.DY2R6
M2R62R+4UV\_&UTC*E
IO
IG*4[*AMY\4BR6$Q

M*KNDIJEIC S9
H9O/L48
9K3(5H%&Q75LA[.#%YL
4C/
U5?)-$[UKS)06&M





Q
5L8N8EXS#3;S\;73B\^*:;*E








M!_6SDCYGV /B 69]9[YD'];.2/F?8 ^(!9GUGOF0?ULY(^9]@$#=#T%=O+\3

M )(YHSBCM@&$?[WPV!N9P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# &
M
 UKLG^\'9O_ (UZ

MR$Q&.6ZT6 3

M %GF[30J7L]L/

361=7)3V=Y7$-A
B1'.GJSC$B1_,6)RMJ&\LI6!C;U
MY@UM3F6$Z'1KC7541CS'&7B2)3B-=MQ$KM6T8I8LDA
B-ED(5T-(4C303B8
MV:]L^J=2Y K.*



MXHJMJP2\11M'.DZ]CDTYLI9/&YZ_R6MY2Y-KP&8S%P=%YAAXPD-IY8] ]'
MV
 OR\^8S


M24#DT/U9UK:??E$P2XZD;Z$JVQN ;GZ#883'+816P@D3P.XN9FF+ESE097
#
M712U*RC

\Q[\W6+_I;\$?MO\^X!?/
M& 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P#6NR?[P=F_\ C7HS]J#H


MO
9!/+6:FAJ3M0CU[@)5ZK1A 1.+ UV

M:5L*(VWN$Q=FO/EJ0RR*-KI8C!)Z:G5J0LVTJU=T#(V'FC?4$D94QR$!Z(U
7M8







MJ%CA$65.C@WN

\Q[\W6+_I;\$?MO
M\^X!?/ & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P#6NR?[P=F_P#C
M7HS]J#HC 

^!1C4F$D:

MUVYNE;0I4=

M@-_BE(6J\ [GF&)2F'=


M7[X#1QQZQ=!







M)5C/&FZK;=2*%:.



(&A?EA1JA D7)5;LA;4IHSB@+P-/47-C]:DEHQDOZFW:YX:D

+Z

]&^/@$U& 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
M8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 



M6S9;3DVHF=
+


Z*
19O7BME
M%:5UFW.D;YUI^1-S0D3)%XRESIH:
&P

MKM9-&=N
MB
MD


 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# &
M 
 8 P!@# & 




L/5NRD)S8G GX'4_<HI_(
M;F4WU%$M/1KS:X[P
3SD72T0$%?4M@V=!:C
D[U:NUJB5ZLV#OL]]T&P]%HE




 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@
M# & 
 8 P!@# & 


95Q5R#.'VN)-





MB4@!99*F(+ LL 0@  .M:UK6L K'9\.A+OU/RK
7JS$\;FT-CG1*6$5F8E

 8
MP!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8!52T3J


 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
M8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 @+IV57A#*8D+[SC$(].;B]\%;LL7898B=7&-%(


MXZ*7^Z)EK


T!Q]02\F
M/!X/6)O2-%ZLWU@&2/B#L$=^
9'DCTTDU4C/
M:\M1HM1K6&.J<4/'8TD?;/?(D_)DC)HT#D%L:FT:A5L R!$EZV7L#%82U^8




^36Q.F964%]AL&L

E_+SC5BAODH:6;8+7-KL
ML_:'4QW*'&V@]RTGZ.R-O2

M/ISQRNO8]0V;J)ZA]4W6UU*U)0^TO=D-CQAZN5XF+^H.\%/M838[MH2_2+]/

1N2H42-M=RD-K2!IDK8E9]


MTT8&^2
NW!%ZP[VFNVVN17K2O3%ZLSQ#X[\/' 
YP!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 


 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!
M@# & 

1*@(G-.4(
M@6]ECUK0_P#VB^QL# ^8Y*P3/FSGN81.%I*WBTKH^IY+&J[0&@/00)@?8$P.
MC-T1X$3: Y)%FY46A+'I.GT(!&MZ+!_[= 3A@# & 




^H?7.ZOBKHEU#Z3:??5B^8
M/_1^-/GAX^I['V_


M?ET^8A$R3Y]3
[V])&7C%V.;3URP&X$[9[2-[/0 V5(%$$WF&^MUM.6J$;



^H?7.ZOBKH
MEU#Z3:??5B^8/_1^-/GAX^I['V_




MAY7_ 


'@S54Z9D?R#5UJ+A<MJ4HNDG@XQE
M))NG)5JDTZ-5)3BWF(5=+K58:\2U#T4R125=V5RG'KUD$$CJ.EG#H.L76;-

MCE6I'+8W(VW/7;













MF\J\$^57A7@10#L:AG2U&R!Q$R*RJ!I:+CO0UF= DO$2:*=J: V8J0(J%32.





M2JHZJN5? =Q
L,F=ETO3DJXF2B9G%Q(7& E
M906-O-]#1*S1I?JACV



MWM1!HO:PX*DH82M@
 (6%:O.':*
G#G1TPS

M8S15;2YLBC64E&N;H5
J#LBE[+JAFNZ5$0F*U=^?*!Z$4OMBV'653&66_T



MUPHS3Y;=]IV79W.T5


P #1@&((=E:OMN*C)RCFJ/#Q

D:D#['9$Q 9W9D?F1U2E


MYK9]RVO[VH?_ *?
59BK*MS9*D3^83Y78DZ-&F$*9]DA$)



IN2KHKRI4OU#(Q6;2C$U(#'!R4+=)



[:AT)*OF(7N

M#+CE22470S@
M6O DV

M\FRQ;&M/DYPY3?WR*U$DK&/IV@V;V=+&J8-\5+G4O]2X-J&QM(3$FUH@*1(?




M//%& 
 C_C#\^+OG_+'AW_H-_P=1W-^3?WWZ$=__K/^-?\ =EZ(FU+/6.A&
M , 8 P#1S17YU'FD_IK0W]B?E#.9[Z_-1^XO2S@_]H_R$/[2]++:9XYS9[A


*0DPL9
?







6T)P





$2AL:PA:U19P!$S1_\


M_P!V7H1M6SU3H1@# & 

M0_M+TLMIGCG-C & 
 \!%$C
*-&22
TCUGJ#1E%C-(]:'T#?4&B#LPG9H/WH

M8W %KQT0(W96M_8#BKI3@9JZ::O3RX'8X
# & =:Y
K*\^T=O3*S/6VM:6YM



M0VI%1I9 CO3V4 P6@^&M[S)DL!@# & 
 8!JTD_EZVX3=?05MTYV9(*E;.B;
M%8K1E4%4T+4MCHVJ5




M7ZHU!?P
?2-ERE[P_3?=?*?O

 8!07S
OS2W'
M](3B3]MKGG +]8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 


M)(S%+6R61%$=Z*I K(


M
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 4-XP_O3\Q_\ 3R._
M8VXYP^6 , 8 P!@# & , 8 P!@# & , 8 P!@# & , 8 P!@# & , 8 P!@
M# & , 8 P!@# & 4-XP_O3\Q_P#3R._8VXYP^6 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@#
M& 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@%#.VNG+JH-VYV@]!UA6-EV%?UA3.(


^3-P5^MQ?/S0L\[Z

^3-P5^MQ?/S0L?6MK[-SS=8_5.Q^'=_=_
MB'QHO-
^3-P5^MQ?/S0L?6MK[-SS=8_5.Q^'=_=_B'QHO-
^3-P5^MQ?/S0L
M?6MK[-SS=8_5.Q^'=_=_B'QHO-
^3-P5^MQ?/S0L?6MK[-SS=8_5.Q^'=_=_
MB'QHO--^3+P5^MQ?/S0L?6MK[-SS=8_5.Q^'=_=_B'QHO-
^3-P5^MQ?/S0L


M_P 1.'QHO-
^3-P5^MQ?/S0L?6MK[-SS=8_5.Q^'=_=_B'QHO-
^3-P5^MQ?
M/S0L?6MK[-SS=8_5.Q^'=_=_B'QHO-
^3-P5^MQ?/S0L?6MK[-SS=8_5.Q^'
M=_=_B'QHO-
^3-P5^MQ?/S0L?6MK[-SS=8_5.Q^'=_=_B'QHO-
^3-P5^MQ?
M/S0L?6MK[-SS=8_5.Q^'=_=_B'QHO-
^3-P5^MQ?/S0L?6MK[-SS=8_5.Q^'
M=_=_B




 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 



M


N02HI8IQ24G581RJDV\R5'/S76?5
MYOT*C4'BT@K6']



3B/+V4;X P]I#&$)-WDHNE*+


AJ&5I'*K60HBTDT&L[V_[;;1K696N)+2

MO?S9-.@HA6==PAOEM0S6[H50[%=1$J
+ [2Q_P1YMUS*5+1'R692D6M\-C
M*




DV_YBW]^
M/I1/L_S=K^[#\2-O-8_W:UY_V-$_^@-^=R?5WF9S@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8
MP!@# & 
 8 P!@# & :O.\Q;#TGY;P@_^X-S=U_P ?9UR1
MV_(R\

MTDL VSI0*2URS[:F]='3Y_XKU;0K5C0&FEZ I+
+T(&^=^;NX445-123T^M2
ME

M%QZXG]FYY=;I5K_=I=8:RNVTDA8



MH'UJ9VWG6%0_DJO^=62.V6\2J?N:_EB_+


R&/F@MBP (-
A![




YN*F,-REX1(7- S/ZQ& YR1*C!&[,S\S<T:&HO!I-K%)\%UTJN#,_.WNR[
M-J#HFE)QK))\$\N.#HVEDT<L''E)EUW6T$C[:):TTU.KAMLB)*Z'RJ.EV);




M]TV_74N42Z2P!\





VGW*%YFT5O!^!

MPI@J*BIY


M

MEM
98F:-M)9YNSSRVMA;$K2VEGGBUH1YX$2
&ACWK6QBUO?_ !R%MMMO-LK2


 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8!J_[O
M_.7\MK_.GH']DJX
N68PYID=#]6<74'4B1S;H^%85#+DBG&RAT9U+8K$$^1O3\UI*-I
M 
8G=C;1BKE
MZ,KCK9BJR:^W;J\L<*8<OL#Y9U+U(FK*++KBLL;F;.B^0.
^PFZ$NM%0M

=$Z4RIB5Y;?:Z)6HP:NK;1N:
MM3^U2+:IE1U\?AX&0^<-S[0L^YX;;,G5*53,K'07_P 301#/Y3 8P^S-'7[


MK[%\PVGZ75/$DZ:%-S1


\T/33*T

M]:4$D_6EJ


M4]
./8*2Z+\BSFD5\T.\^8(5S*46U)TR]V8X9!6


M]PV\N2M5L)Q SC?1%S?9;K2KZ4J)53XT637&BYY'$+;[]P6[4;E(I-2KBHQR
M:QU47!I41.LEY8YJF4Z3VI


=SN(0[*%R:MU;HFZ8


MEA6G-[)$+9;FX!TH4:
 AJGZVV&U$+-.BFVTG%S='MRLE$GTC]%).USP]K59SL#




*

3:*


GW
M



MIWH_RKC;C%_9;PPX4$[NYC_(O2DXPE]AMM)KA2OD\' K'2GET'44\3VQ87=L

ZXA)#?'KGMF6/$4;1.+FZ'HT/H

];0ITB

MP
?@%.0IUL?HMSH<-Q5NY3D2








*&!S5C](9R;2-(




_ALF


DE)K!UIY

MR/






MW\7\W=N+^F[TTGSH_P#RB\N5RD
 J_V_^93V+^BIT1_I#

EV_YBW]^/I19V

 8 P!@# & 
M8 P!@# & 



WZ0
M?0WXC\?2]D&_#?L_8]C /P!IH/0] TP'JQ&7H(Q!T 8M:(0-:WKT1'6M



M#QWX;^SKQS(HCP&::9KP




 J_V_^93V+^BIT1_I#

EV_YBW]^/I19V?YNU_=A^)&WFL?[M:\_[&B?_

 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P#3[YH=JUE2



\;OZU=O=VRMV8RE/5'!*KSY$*?26^
M7;\N7E3X;X)^&
YGY3=?#GT

M7E3X;X)^&

M^&

M^H?26^7;\N7E3X;X)^&

M;\N7E3X;X)^&

 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@#
M& 



M:UK7V-:U@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8

NJ-@1$+$L^(6K2\[ Q.;:SH'I
M6ROD=YBC2C1#@H6;3*PG[)$ !NP8!L5P!@# & , 8 P!@# & , 8 P!@# &
M, 8 P!@# & , 8 P!@# & , 8 P!@# & , 8 PAM3?[C7;/Z
O!7]LNW\ O
ME@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# &
M 
 8 P!@%#:F_P!QKMG]&7@K^V7;^ 7RP!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# &
M 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 KKTCUESYR+&8S
.B+&2UTP3.6%0:**#6&5R
M99()8:R/
C R-;-#6&1/2I7IBCRU6+84_H )3#$(6O#
-J*K)I+PF)2C%:I-
M*/-X(J3]






M76.WL?$A[RZQ]


M_$C?)#74GZN7S5K3%%U8-66?'TE@


M._HY0A0($RA:N6K*3Z%3)$2-(4,]4K5J3JG 2F2IBQ#





MN5LILN7P2B5U7F




+MMRVB3#
M4@)&1Z)@M7MKT8=HX^I1/AD\G3.GAH12V.YA:[:4*6Z)YJM'2CI6M'58TI7



UFYJ%I*<93<8M92:Y5RS3QI@R/9WYA?/T576/#F:T/=ZT
M(/&+14ML94--A-
2DMCU=6;W:#U3B.U%$7U7)MGH6!F&:X1].YGOJ D!VS$G






7.[YJ?9V4YS;BE@J-R@ITSS7H7/
MDF.=[TS9XXZ53EHLC^M.Z K2BI@QS]OMRL92T.5G



6

7;PT2:C3'ULGQ



L.<.@+9FDS3$U1Q;V+04^C
=2

M\SMI;5K-()17


MUBLKP^&#C42DC'9%J#)53I&_+% HXBT%.V:5J# @@[:RY*Z]7:)15


9+WIZEYO.;7-]:G;G!*590FN'[5U7%QY8/P^ N#37.2B)0

/3


6@
1H7F@ZQ





+/94==
U[VFGHQ*UG



PEJ
2M:


43O2]';U
0R92


GK7F.)HHQZ:;KYVN^L[57P&HIM3
MU1K7.L)3*;]2W3.V.IHBV0E1%YHJBL/FOXSI @1O[.^+$.H\0O*5''FI]&#+




6M^V:7I!0KY2G%G=)637







-W7Q0G2
4H]L@]XWE3_

M3/;'8]JLM;1Z9MKI)%K6V@$V-:P PE*%!:A.5'#;:TJ22G.NE.M73#Q*M

2

M0!:]G6_^.LK%$IU
KBG;-WWSS0*!Q1EUG8?*?3MK2EI&UH#5ZR:5A9'/D;AZ


MFOYD;L$O$U)O#R(A6PNZIA473G3=:S.GWU]JVIJOY&5U4HA3CU,XL^Y^GK



M9
F# P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 


.LYF6
MXA.*4K:[2

M!8I*
$-$6-2H


6VDJ

M9BB=40NC+@]Z58PN1T
V4K8S/;D(?6)

K


V=4S#-M5/4TI.-Y\L.QU-
ML


M5
4\FIPYQB9[]



MVE&!D\4_\3L&][;N\K]YR7V4J+AXW3PNK\IMWCN5NMT[D?Z:22PI6F;IPU2;
MEY3H)OY?SZ[+KIC]4]=W=05%=(RF432ZZ0@D5JUX IDEBDED6TX4_:
HCJZ=
(_'X:^
MME@%5K#X=716/6;)D2^?URBGU=UZRLLJE-6&NJ1#LP@U$I///,Q'=25)2B
MG=C6DL<*MO+)T;;7+PF(;^4=,YPC*_NF3;5*MO)8.C;:Y<:HMB[12XI!$U
MC#:OMMA_'@Z3:

.Y44HQ@M*;XO*2HX^7GFB6&^5N
M*AW'0I2:59/U9Q491?--+.M4293G*4WJJ86_9;IT[.I_9M]V;3=@6I)G&MZ


M8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 U/^91_?3Y7/Z:LV_8GZORAWG^1G
MY/2CQN__ /$W?^OXD2=G('S@8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8! /67YJ/4OZ-5
M^?Z32_-[7]6'WEZ43;;\S;_N1_$C99SI^;Y1/^3=8?V)8\[L^MO-DR8
# &
M
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & 
 8 P!@# & :H?
E 
RZ_*X  (ABWVM-O (=;$

J'M-5_-C_ .2'^Y@50]IJOYL?_)#_ ',J'M-5_-C

J'M-5_-C_ .2'^Y@50]IJOYL?_)#_ ',

 'defref_syut_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HeldToMaturitySecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_LandUseRightsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndInvestmentsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesAndLoansReceivableNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CustomerAdvancesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenueNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_LossResultingFromProjectDelay'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_GovernmentSubsidies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MovementInMinorityInterestRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MovementInMinorityInterestRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestIncreaseFromBusinessCombination'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MovementInMinorityInterestRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_RepurchaseOfNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_ContributionFromNoncontrollingShareholders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableRecoveries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_PurchaseContractLossResultingFromFrenchProjectDelay'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidLandUseRight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDueToRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInCustomerAdvances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireAdditionalInterestInSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInRestrictedCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfInterestInSubsidiariesAndAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_ChangesInLongTermLoanReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireHeldToMaturitySecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_syut_PaymentToHoldersOfNoncontrollingInterestUponLliquidationOfSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionValueOfAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashDivestitureAmountOfConsiderationReceived1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'

<p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<div style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times
<font style=font-family: 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times





 an impairment loss is recognized equal in amount to that excess.


 $1.1 million and nil impairment on its intangible assets for the fiscal years ended March&#160;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. See Note 16

 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: -0.25in; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.75in; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: -0.25in; margin: 0px 0px 0px 0.75in; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; margin-top: 0px; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; margin: 0px; font: bold 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<table style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=widows: 1; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0px; font: 10pt 'times new roman'
 times

 times




































The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016










 the Company sold its wholly owned subsidiary in the powdered formula segment
 Zhangjiakou Chahaer Dairy Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Zhangjiakou&#8221;) to Rightcom Co.
 Ltd. (the &#8220;Purchaser&#8221;) for a total cash consideration of $28.1 million to be paid in three installments. As the result of the sale in fiscal year 2015
 the Company recorded a $15.0 million in gain ($11.9 million after tax)
 which was calculated as the total of the excess of the sale proceeds over the net book value of the assets transferred of $20.1 million and reclassification of foreign currency translation gain of $7.0 million from Other Comprehensive Income. The Company had collected $22.5M and $5.6M of the payment by end of fiscal year 2015 and fiscal year 2016 respectively.


 the Company entered into a share purchase agreement with Beijing Jinkangpu Food Technology Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Jinkangpu&#8221;) to dispose its wholly owned subsidiary in the food segment
 Beijing Huiliduo Food Technology Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Beijing Huiliduo&#8221;) for a total cash consideration of $1.3 million to be paid in two installments. As of September 30
 2014
 the Company has completed all of the closing procedures and has effectively transferred its control on Beijing Huiliduo to Jinkangpu. As the result of the sale in fiscal year 2015
 the Company recorded a $0.3 million in gain
 which was calculated as the total of the excess of the sale proceeds over the net book value of the assets transferred of $1.0 million. Jinkangpu had paid $0.2&#160;million&#160;by end of fiscal year&#160;2016&#160;and the remaining $1.1 million will be paid before September 2016.







The entire description for costs incurred to effect a business combination that have been expensed during the period.  Such costs could include business integration costs
 systems integration and conversion costs
 and severance and other employee-related costs.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016











 2016 and 2015 are summarized as follows:









































































&#160;million and $11.9&#160;million as of March&#160;31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively



 $9.7&#160;million and $6.5&#160;million for the years ended March&#160;31
 2016
 2015
 and 2014
 respectively.




































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016










 directly or indirectly
 to control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operational decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to common control or common significant influence. Related parties may be individuals or corporate entities.












Engages in buying and selling packaging materials
 vitamin and mineral pre&#8211;mixes
 and other food ingredients.







St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service&#8221;)




Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;St. Angel Cultural Communication&#8221;)




Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Honnete Beijing&#8221;)




Qingdao Lvyin Waste Disposal Investment Management Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Lvyin&#8221;)




Beijing Dongan Hengxin Property Development Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Dongan Hengxin&#8221;)




Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Ao Naier&#8221;)







a. Due from related parties
 including current and non-current portion





March&#160;31
 2016


March&#160;31
 2015



























































































March&#160;31
 2016


March&#160;31
 2015

























 the Company lent $1.1 million to Sheng Zhi Da. The loan was interest-free and due within one year.




 2015 and 2014
 the Company&#8217;s sales to related parties mainly included feed grade milk powder and whey powder to Ao Naier
 and powdered formula products to St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service
 and services for related parties including office spaces rented to Honnete Beijing
 Ao Naier
 St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service
 and St. Angel Cultural Communication.





Year Ended March&#160;31































































































































 2015 and 2014
 St. Angel Cultural Communication provided certain marketing services for the Company.





Year Ended March&#160;31



















































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





PREPAYMENTS
 TAX RECEIVABLES AND OTHERS


Mar. 31
 2016

Prepayments
 Tax Receivables And Others [Abstract]




PREPAYMENTS
 TAX RECEIVABLES AND OTHERS
7. PREPAYMENTS
 TAX RECEIVABLES AND OTHERS





March&#160;31
 2016


March&#160;31
 2015




































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET


Mar. 31
 2016

Property
 Plant And Equipment
 Net [Abstract]




PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET

8. PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET





















 plant and equipment




































































































































































































































 plant and equipment

















 2016 and 2015.

&#160;million
 $15.2&#160;million and $15.1&#160;million for the fiscal years ended March&#160;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014









The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





LAND USE RIGHTS
 NET


Mar. 31
 2016

Land Use Rights
 Net [Abstract]




LAND USE RIGHTS
 NET
9. LAND USE RIGHTS
 NET
































































The Company recorded amortization expense of $205

 $217
000 and $258
000 for the fiscal years ended March&#160;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.







Land Use Rights
 Net [Abstract]




























Land Use Rights
 Net [Text Block]









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET


Mar. 31
 2016

Intangible Assets
 Net [Abstract]




INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET
10. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET













































The intangible assets as of March&#160;31

000 for registered trademark of Ausmeadow
 which are used for the Company&#8217;s nutritional food products.


 2015 represent $2.5&#160;million for registered trademark of Dutch Cow
 $98
000 for registered trademark of Ausmeadow
 which are used for the Company&#8217;s nutritional food products.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016









In May 2015

 LTD. (&#8220;Qingdao Jisheng&#8221;)
 a supplier for the iron sheet used for our formula products. Qingdao Jisheng shall use the loan to expand its own upstream manufacturing capacity. RMB10.0 million
 RMB20.0&#160;million and RMB30.0&#160;million shall be repaid by Qingdao Jisheng in May 2017
 2018 and 2019
 respectively. The outstanding principle loan amount of $9.3 million is recorded as long-term loan receivable on the consolidated balance sheet
 which is close to its fair value. On the other hand
 in fiscal 2016 the Company received RMB27.0 million in cash equivalent from Qingdao Jisheng as a performance guaranty to be the exclusion tin supplier to our Carhaix facility. See Note 14 for details.

&#160;loans and estimated the cash flow expected to be collected over the life of the loan. A valuation allowance will be established for the loan unable to collect. No valuation allowance has been recorded as of March 31
 2016.







The entire disclosure for claims held for amounts due a entity
 excluding financing receivables. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 trade accounts receivables
 notes receivables
 loans receivables. Includes disclosure for allowance for credit losses.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016










 the Company launched two marketing initiatives whereby customers can purchase online cash coupons through the BaiduPay platform (the Platform). The cash coupons can be redeemed by the customer within one year from the date of purchase for the Company's products posted in the Platform. The customers have the right to request the Company to redeem&#160;their&#160;unused coupons at the end of the one-year period for the original purchase amount plus an annual rate of&#160;8.0%. According to the agreement between the Company and the Platform
 the cash received from the customers for the purchases of cash coupons (the Fund) are required to be deposited in a specific trust managed by a third party financial institution (the Trust Company) to protect the customers' interest and only the portion of the Fund related to the cash coupon redeemed for the Company's products can be utilized by the Company at its discretion. The Fund relating to the unused coupons is restricted for use by the Company and can only be invested in principal protected investment products agreed by the Company and the Trust Company.




 the Fund was invested to purchase a trust product consisting of fixed income debt securities with interest rate of 7% and maturity term less than one year. The Company classified the investment as held-to-maturity securities and carried it at amortized costs. The carrying amount of the securities of $3.2 million as of March 31
 2016 approximated their fair value due to their credit ratings and their short term nature.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016






































































































 including current portion
 as of March&#160;31
 2016 and 2015 are comprised of:









































































As of March&#160;31
 2016
 among the long-term debts which were borrowed in Mainland China

 which are calculated based on the benchmark lending interest rate published by China&#8217;s central bank
 or LIBOR. The maturity dates range from June 2016 to December 2018.

As of March&#160;31
 2016

 which are calculated based on LIBOR. The maturity dates of the used facility range from June 2016 to March 2017.

As of March&#160;31
 2016

 which are calculated based on LIBOR
 and $60.1&#160;million of these debts have fixed interest rates range from 2.2% to 4.3%. The maturity dates of the borrowed debts range from February 2018 to September&#160;2022. As of March&#160;31
 2016
 the company has &#8364;14.0&#160;million available for further draw down under committed long-term bank loan facility for Synutra France.

The weighted average interest rate as of March&#160;31

 respectively.

As of March&#160;31
 2016
 borrowings both in short-term and long-term
 including current portion
 denominated in RMB

 $115.9&#160;million and $159.2 million
 respectively.


 including current and non-current portion






March&#160;31






































 2020&#160;to March 31

























&#160;million
 $17.3&#160;million and $15.6 million
 and the amount thereof that has been capitalized was $4.6 million
 $1.8&#160;million and nil
 for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014





































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016













March&#160;31
 2016


March&#160;31
 2015

























































































In May 2015

 the Company is required to fulfill a contractual amount of minimum purchase volume at fair market value each year for a period of ten years. If the Company fulfills the contractual minimum purchase volume we can keep the entire performance guaranty amount. If the Company fails to meet this minimum annual purchase volume
 the Company is obligated to compensate Qingdao Jisheng at RMB 0.1 per tin for the shortfall. By March&#160;31
 2016
 the Company had received RMB 27.0 million from Qingdao Jisheng. As the Company&#8217;s French Project is still under construction
 it has not begun purchasing iron sheet by March&#160;31
 2016. $0. 4 &#160;million and $3.8&#160;million were recorded in other current liabilities others and other noncurrent liabilities respectively. The amount will be recognized based on actual order as a reduction to cost.




































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20
24)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016










 2016 are as follows:






March&#160;31





































































































The Company recorded depreciation expense of $171

000 and $176
000 for capital leased assets for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
 and recorded interest expense of $503
000
 $525
000 and $555
000 for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. The interest rates associated with the capital leases are from 6.8% to 7.83% per annum.





































The entire disclosure for lessee entity's leasing arrangements including
 but not limited to
 all of the following: (a.) The basis on which contingent rental payments are determined
 (b.) The existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 (c.) Restrictions imposed by lease agreements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing.
 -Subparagraph (Note 1
3)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016










 $5.8 million and $1.0 million for the fiscal years ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.


 the Company recognized an impairment charge on the prepared food equipment assets of Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Huiliduo&#8221;) of $4.7 million as well as on the Huilido brand of $0.3 million
 as a result of the continuous operating losses
 slow market development and expected higher promotion expenditures to achieve meaningful sales. In addition
 the impairment loss of $0.8 million was recognized for the Ausmeadow brand due to the lower operating performance than the Company's previous expectations.









The entire disclosure for the details of the charge against earnings resulting from the aggregate write down of all assets from their carrying value to their fair value. Disclosure may also include a description of the impaired asset and facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 amount of the impairment loss and where the loss is located in the income statement
 method(s) for determining fair value
 and the segment in which the impaired asset is reported.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016









In September 2012
 the Company entered into a 10-year milk supply agreement with Sodiaal Union (&#8220;Sodiaal&#8221;)
 a French agricultural cooperative company
 for its French project. In accordance with the terms of this supply agreement
 the Company is committed to purchase a fixed volume of raw milk from Sodiaal on a monthly basis. If there is a shortfall between the Company&#8217;s actual purchases and the contractual amount
 the Company would have to pay a cash compensation to Sodiaal
 which is determined as the difference between the milk purchase prices to be paid


 Sodiaal consented that the delay of the Company&#8217;s French project was mainly caused by government actions
 and waived the right for the compensation under the contract since January 2015. In January 2016
 an amendment to the original 10-year milk supply agreement was agreed by the Company and Sodiaal. Pursuant to this amendment
 the Company is obligated to purchase milk from Sodiaal starting from January 2016. Should the Company fail to take delivery of the volumes agreed in the contract
 the Company would be obligated to pay the compensation to Sodiaal based on the terms described above.


 the French project was not in a position for trial production in January 2016 and the commencement of operations of the French project is expected to be in&#160;July&#160;2016. As a result of this delay
 the Company had to pay a total compensation of $5.0 million to Sodiaal for the period from January to March 2016&#160;as the Company failed to take delivery of raw milk supply as agreed. Starting April 2016
 the Company started to take delivery under this contract and pretreated the raw milk into concentrated milk for third party's further processing. Additionally
 as of March 31
 2016
 the Company recorded an estimated loss of $3.8 million resulting from this purchase commitment.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016













March&#160;31
 2016


March&#160;31
 2015










 $.0001 par value: 250
000 authorized
 57
301 issued; 56
691 and 57
301 outstanding at March&#160;31
 2016 and 2015


























































































On September&#160;10
 2015
 our board of directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to an aggregate amount of $20.0 million&#160;of our common stock from time to time through September&#160;10
 2016. Under the program
 shares may be repurchased in privately negotiated and/or open market transactions
 including under plans complying with Rule&#160;10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. Following the approval
 we entered into a Rule&#160;10b5-1 trading plan under the Exchange Act permitting open market repurchases of our common stock based on certain triggers described in the trading plan. During the three months ended September 30
 2015
 the company repurchased 112
000 shares of common stock in an open trading window or under the Rule 10b5-1 trading plan at an aggregate cost of $557
000; During the three months ended December 31
 2015
 another 351

 2016
 we repurchased 146
000 shares of our common stock under the Rule&#160;10b5-1 trading plan at an aggregate cost of $0.6 million
 which was paid for through cash on hand.&#160;The share repurchase program had automatically terminated due to our public announcement of receiving a non-binding proposal letter
 dated January14
 2016
 from Mr.&#160;Liang Zhang
 Chairman and CEO of the Company
 and an affiliated entity of his
 proposing a &#8220;going-private&#8221; transaction. For detail
 please refer to 8-K filed on January&#160;15
 2016.


 Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd. (Meitek)
 was held by three individuals
 who are also among Meitek's management. In December 2015
 the company and these three individuals undertook a restructuring of the noncontrolling interest of Meitek

 which is based on an valuation conducted by an independent firm
 less 30% of the registered capital of Meitek
 as the initial registered capital of Meitek was paid by the Company alone with no cash contribution from these individuals. Subsequently
 in December 2015
 the Company sold the 30% equity interest for a total cash consideration of $3.8 million
 to Qingdao Boda Fanglue Trading Co.
 Ltd. (17%) and Qingdao Shuofeng Equity Investment Management Limited Partnership Enterprise (13%)
 which both entities are ultimately controlled by employees of the Company
 including the three said individual and other management team members of the Company and Meitek. The cash consideration is based on 30% of the same fair value of Meitek of $12.7 million. As a result of the restructuring
 an additional contribution of $2.3&#160;million was injected by the new noncontrolling shareholders and recorded under Additional paid in capital and. The cash consideration of&#160;



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016














 the Company is subject to tax on its income or capital gains. The applicable rate is 34% for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014.




000 of taxable profits
 and 25% for taxable profits exceeding EUR 200
000 for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014.








 20% for taxable profits exceeding&#160;KRW&#160;200million and below&#160;KRW&#160;20billion
 22% for taxable profits exceeding&#160;KRW&#160;20billion for fiscal years 2016 and 2015.








 2007
 the National People&#8217;s Congress of the PRC approved and promulgated the new Enterprise Income Tax Law (&#8220;EIT Law&#8221;)
 which took effect beginning January&#160;1
 2008. Under the new EIT law
 foreign investment enterprises and domestic companies are subject to a uniform tax rate of 25%. The new tax law provides a transition period from its effective date for certain qualifying enterprises which were established before the promulgation date of the new tax law and which were entitled to certain preferential lower tax rate or tax holiday under the then effective tax laws or regulations.







January&#160;1























































































































 dividends which arise from profits of foreign invested enterprises (&#8220;FIEs&#8221;) earned after January&#160;1
 2008 are subject to a 10% withholding tax. In addition
 under the tax arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong
 if the foreign investor is incorporated in Hong Kong and qualifies as the beneficial owner
 the applicable withholding tax rate is reduced from 10% to 5%
 if the investor holds at least 25% in the FIE. A deferred tax liability should be recognized for the undistributed profits of PRC companies unless the Company has sufficient evidence to demonstrate that the undistributed dividends will be indefinitely reinvested. As of March&#160;31
 2016
 all earnings generated in countries/areas other than United States are intended to be indefinitely reinvested and as a result
 the Company did not record any deferred tax liability on such undistributed earnings.




 income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) includes the following components:





Year Ended March&#160;31

















































































































































 2015 and 2014:





Year Ended March&#160;31














































































































































































Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd. enjoys a preferential tax rate of 15%
 PRC tax holiday

 $0.8&#160;million and nil for the fiscal years ended March&#160;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. The benefit of the PRC tax holidays on basic and diluted earnings per share was $0.01
 $0.01 and nil for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.

D. Deferred tax assets by type of temporary difference
 credits and change in valuation allowance







March&#160;31
 2016


March&#160;31
 2015


































































































































































































































































March&#160;31
 2016


March&#160;31
 2015






























































 among other matters
 the nature
 frequency and severity of recent losses
 forecasts of future profitability
 the duration of statutory carryforward periods
 the Company&#8217;s experience with tax attributes expiring unused and tax planning alternatives. Valuation allowances have been established for deferred tax assets based on a more likely than not threshold. The Company&#8217;s ability to realize deferred tax assets depends on its ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryforward periods provided for under the tax law.

&#160;Company&#8217;s historical operating income and the level of projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible
 the Company believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of the deductible differences of Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.
 Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.
 and other major PRC subsidiaries
 therefore no valuation allowance was made for the $16.3 million deferred tax assets as of March&#160;31
 2016. Synutra France International SAS Incorporated In France recognized $3.0M deferred tax assets on its net operating losses by end of this fiscal year which could be utilized in future. As for the remaining deferred tax assets of other subsidiaries which are the cost center attributable to Nutritional Food segment and overseas
 the Company believes it is not more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of the deductible differences
 therefore full valuation allowance of $7.4&#160;million was accrued as of March&#160;31
 2016.


 the Company derecognized deferred tax assets and released valuation allowance related to these subsidiaries of $3.0&#160;million in fiscal year 2015. No deferred tax assets was derecognized in fiscal years 2016.




 2015 and 2014 are summarized as follows:





Year Ended March&#160;31








































































































































































































































































































 and has measured the unrecognized benefits associated with the tax positions. These liabilities are recorded in other long term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. The Company recognizes the liability for unrecognized tax benefits
 and the associated interest and penalties within the income tax expense line in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The Company believes that it is reasonably possible that none of its currently other remaining unrecognized tax benefits may be recognized by the end of calendar year 2016 as a result of a lapse of the statute of limitations.







Year Ended March&#160;31
























































































 2016. The reduction of the uncertain tax position of $0.3&#160;million in the fiscal year 2015 is related to the disposal of subsidiaries
 Zhangjiakou and Huiliduo. The increment of the uncertain tax position of $1.3&#160;million in fiscal year 2015 is related to a position taken by parent company which more likely than not will not be sustained upon examination by a taxing authority. The balance of unrecognized tax benefits at March&#160;31
 2016
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.


 the statute of limitations is three years if the underpayment of taxes is due to computational errors made by the taxpayer or withholding agent. The statute of limitations will be extended to five years under special circumstances
 which are not clearly defined (but an underpayment of tax liability exceeding RMB100
000 is specifically listed as a special circumstance). In the case of a related party transaction
 the statute of limitations is ten years. There is no statute of limitations in the case of tax evasion. The Company&#8217;s PRC subsidiaries are therefore generally subject to examination by the PRC tax authorities from calendar year 2010 through 2014 on non-transfer pricing matters
 and from calendar year 2005 through 2014 on transfer pricing matters. The statute of limitations in the US is generally three years.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016










 the Company used the following weighted average common stocks outstanding:





Year Ended March&#160;31






















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016











As of March&#160;31
 2016

000 for advertising purchases
 and $23.2&#160;million for milk powder
 whey powder and liquid milk within the next twelve months. Due to the uncertainty in market price
 the purchase commitments did not include the following commitments:





 at market based prices at the time of purchase
 beginning from January 1
 2016
 with current purchase price around EUR 300 per 1








000 tons of 70% demineralized pre-concentrated whey powder per year for ten years
 at market based prices at the time of purchase
 beginning from January 1
 2016
 with current whey powder purchase price around EUR 1








000 tons of 70% demineralized whey powder per year
 or an equivalent quantity of liquid whey
 for ten years
 at market based prices at the time of purchase
 beginning from January 1
 2016
 with current purchase price around EUR 1








000 tons of 90% demineralized whey powder per year
 or an equivalent quantity of liquid whey
 for three years
 at market based prices at the time of purchase
 beginning from January 1
 2016
 with current purchase price around EUR 1








 at market based prices at the time of purchase
 beginning from 2017 of 66
500 tons
 and of 117
300 tons to 124








 at market based prices at the time of purchase
 beginning from 2017 of 19
000 tons
 and of 77
400 tons to 82






&#160;31
 2016
 the Company&#8217;s capital expenditure commitments of $12.3&#160;million are mainly related to signed contracts for construction and manufacturing equipment for the French Project.




 respectively
 under non-cancellable operating lease
 as well as office facilities and warehouses under non-cancellable operating leases. The operating lease commitments of the Company at March&#160;31
 2016 are as follows:








































































The operating lease expense for fiscal years 2016

 $2.1&#160;million and $2.0 million
 respectively.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016











 who reviews consolidated results when making decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance of the Company. In fiscal year 2014
 the Company operated and reported its performance in four segments.


 starting from fiscal year 2015
 the Company has operated the Powdered Formula and Foods segments as a single business segment based on a shared distribution network and similar marketing strategies. Therefore
 there are only three reportable segments for fiscal years 2016 and 2015
 and the segment information in fiscal year of 2014 was restated to be consistent with the current year reportable segments. The three reportable segments are:

&#160;- Sales of powdered infant and adult formula products
 and prepared foods.

&#160;- Sales of nutritional supplement such as chondroitin sulfate to external customers
 and microencapsulated Docosahexanoic Acid (&#8220;DHA&#8221;) and Arachidonic Acid (&#8220;ARA&#8221;) to powdered formula segment.

&#160;- Other business includes non-core businesses such as ancillary sales of excess or unusable ingredients and materials to industrial customers
 providing genetic diagnostic services for new born babies
 and sales of cosmetics to pregnant women.





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 consisted of property
 plant and equipment and land use rights
 are located in the following areas:
























































































































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016










 2016 and 2015 was comprised entirely of foreign currency translation adjustments. There are no special items affecting accumulated other comprehensive income during fiscal year 2016. While during fiscal year 2015
 the Company 1) disposed Zhangjiakou and reclassified net currency translation adjustments totaling $7.0&#160;million from accumulated other comprehensive income to net income; 2) disposed Beijing Huiliduo with no reclassification of currency translation adjustments.



































The entire disclosure for comprehensive income
 which includes
 but is not limited to
 1) the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to each component of other comprehensive income
 including reclassification adjustments
 2) the reclassification adjustments for each classification of other comprehensive income and 3) the ending accumulated balances for each component of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016













 medical care
 unemployment insurance and other welfare benefits are provided to employees. The PRC government is directly responsible for the payments of the benefits to these retired employees. PRC labor regulations require the Company to accrue for these benefits based on certain percentage of the employees&#8217; salaries. The total contribution for such employee benefits were $8.5 million
 $7.5 &#160;million and $7.1&#160;million for fiscal years 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. The Company has no further obligations subsequent to payment of these amounts to the PRC government.




 if any
 as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. PRC laws and regulations require that annual appropriations of 10% of after-tax income should be set aside prior to payment of dividends as a general reserve fund. In addition
 there are restrictions on the distribution of share capital from the Company&#8217;s PRC subsidiaries. As a result of these PRC laws and regulations
 the Company&#8217;s PRC subsidiaries and PRC affiliates are restricted in their ability to transfer a portion of their net assets to the Company in the form of dividends
 loans or advances
 which restricted portion amounted to RMB&#160;1
009.4&#160;million (equivalently $156.2 million) as of March&#160;31















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016









Summarized quarterly financial information in fiscal years ended March&#160;31
 2016 and 2015 is as follows:
















































82
329



87
348



109
256



86
106



85
975



102
464



115
331



110
171






41
942



40
595



55
365



38
922



38
763



43
900



52
717



54
174






7
593







12
038







17
940



10
237



17
264



24
092






57
301



57
291



57
026



56
712



57
301



57
301



57
301



57
301









































































The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters
 effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016










(Dollars and shares in thousands
 except per share data)





March&#160;31
 2016


March&#160;31
 2015


































































































































































































 $.0001 par value: 250
000 authorized
 57
301 issued; 56
691 and 57
301 outstanding at March&#160;31
 2016 and 2015















































































(Dollars in thousands
 except per share data)





Year Ended March&#160;31











































































































































































































Year Ended March&#160;31







































































































































Synutra International
 Inc. Stockholders&#8217; Equity






















































Balance
 arch&#160;31
 2013


57
301















135
440



(135
508



28
828



28
766


























30
929







30
929



Other comprehensive income
 net of tax of nil


























1
701



1
701



Balance
 March&#160;31
 2014


57
301















135
440



(104
579



30
529



61
396


























69
533







69
533



Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax of nil


























(19
003



(19
003



Balance
 March&#160;31
 2015


57
301















135
440



(35
046



11
526



111
926


























20
236







20
236



Other comprehensive income
 net of tax of nil


























1
826



1
826






















1
820











2
006

























































(2
997











(2
997



Balance
 March&#160;31
 2016


56
691















134
693



(14
810



13
352



133
241












Year Ended March&#160;31
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 which require condensed financial information as to the financial position















 as such








 2016
 there were no material contingencies
 significant provisions of long&#8211;term obligations
 mandatory dividend or redemption requirements of redeemable stocks or guarantees of the Company
 except for those which have been separately disclosed in the Consolidated Financial Statement








 the Company&#160;had&#160;dividend&#160;income&#160;from its subsidiary (Unisono B.V.) of $418






































The entire disclosure for condensed financial information
 including the financial position
 cash flows
 and the results of operations of the registrant (parent company) as of the same dates or for the same periods for which audited consolidated financial statements are being presented. Alternatively
 the details of this disclosure can be reported by the specific parent company taxonomy elements
 indicating the appropriate date and period contexts in an instance document.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016



































































































































































































































































































The entire disclosure for any allowance and reserve accounts (their beginning and ending balances
 as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period). Alternatively
 disclosure of the required information may be within the footnotes to the financial statements or a supplemental schedule to the financial statements.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016










 it is expected that assets will be realized and liabilities will be satisfied in the normal course of business.








 Inc. and its subsidiaries
 its consolidated variable interest entity
 Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd. (the variable interest entity
 or VIE)
 in which it has a controlling financial interest. A controlling financial interest is typically determined when a company holds a majority of the voting equity interest in an entity. US GAAP provides guidance on the identification and financial reporting for entities over which control is achieved through means other than voting interests
 which requires certain VIEs to be consolidated by the primary beneficiary of the entity if the equity investors in the entity do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest or do not have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties. Through the contractual arrangements between the Company and the VIE
 the Company controls the operating activities and holds all the beneficial interests of the VIE and has been determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The Company has concluded that such contractual arrangements are legally enforceable. The operations associated with the consolidated VIE are insignificant and the consolidated VIE holds de minimis assets and liabilities.










 and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates. Significant accounting estimates reflected in the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements include allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory valuation
 accrued consumer loyalty program obligations
 the useful lives of and impairment for property and equipment
 impairment of indefinite lived intangible assets
 and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets.







 and which have original maturities of three months or less when purchased.







 bank acceptance bills and short-term and long-term borrowings.


















The Company reviews its investments held at trust for other-than-temporary impairment based on the specific identification method and considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence in evaluating potential impairment. If the cost of an investment exceeds the investment's fair value
 the Company considers
 among other factors
 general market conditions
 government economic plans
 the duration and the extent to which the fair value of the investment is less than cost and the Company's intent and ability to hold the investment to determine whether an other-than-temporary impairment has occurred. To date
 the Company has not recorded an other-than-temporary impairment.










Property
 plant and equipment
 net

I. Property
 plant and equipment
 net


 plant and equipment are carried at cost. The cost of repairs and maintenance is expensed as incurred; major replacements and improvements are capitalized.


 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
 and any resulting gains or losses are included in income in the year of disposition.


 when applicable
 the life of the lease
 whichever is shorter. The useful lives for property
 plant and equipment are as follows:
































 a capital lease is recorded at present value of minimum lease payments or the fair value of the asset
 whichever is less. Assets under capital leases are amortized on a basis consistent with that of similar fixed assets or the lease term









 plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided until it is completed and ready for intended use.

Interest expense incurred for construction of property
 plant
 and equipment is capitalized as part of the cost of such assets. The Company capitalizes interest to the extent that expenditures to construct an asset have occurred and interest costs have been incurred. Interest expense capitalized for the fiscal years ended March&#160;31
 2016

 $1.8&#160;million and nil
 respectively.








 the Company measures impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flow is less than the carrying amount of the assets
 the Company would recognize an impairment loss based on the fair value of the assets.

The Company recorded impairment charges on its property

 $4.7&#160;million and $1.0&#160;million for the fiscal years ended March&#160;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. See Note 16

 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: bold 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman'
 times








 or the expected timing of their use when they do not relate to a specific asset or liability.









 Inc. and Synutra Illinois are United States Dollar (&#8220;US Dollar&#8221;).


 the financial records of the Company&#8217;s Netherland and French subsidiaries are maintained in Euro (&#8220;EUR&#8221;)
 and the financial records of another subsidiary is maintained in South Korean KRW (&#8220;KRW&#8221;)
 which are their functional currencies. Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rates at the balance sheet date
 equity accounts are translated at historical exchange rates and revenues
 expenses
 gains and losses are translated using the average rate for the year. Translation adjustments are reported as cumulative translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component of the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).

gains were ($12.2) million
 $3.2&#160;million and $1.9&#160;million for the year ended March&#160;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively and are recorded as foreign currency exchange gain (loss)
 net.








 price is fixed or determinable
 and collectability is reasonably assured. Most of the Company&#8217;s nutritional food sales are made through distributors. Under the distributor arrangement
 evidenced by purchase order
 revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the distributors. For sales of My Angel series powdered formula products
 which is directly sold to baby stores
 the revenue recognition is similar to that of distributor sales
 and the revenue is realized and earned upon acceptance of delivery of products by the baby stores. For sales of the powdered formula products directly through certain supermarket retailers
 who have a right of return clause
 the revenue is recognized until the supermarkets have paid the Company. For sales to a limited number of distributors from whom collectability is not reasonably assured



 primarily comprised of rebates and discounts to distributors and retailers
 which are reported as a reduction of revenue.The Company provides discounts or rebates to customers in the following ways:


















The Company uses a customer loyalty program administrated by a third party
 the program operator
 to conduct its promotional activities. In connection with a current revenue transaction of specific products
 the Company offers to the customer award points which can be exchanged for free products that will be delivered by the program operator
 at a future date at the customer's request. The value of the award is insignificant in relation to the value of the transactions necessary to earn the awards under other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets

 $1.0&#160;million and $1.9&#160;million as of March&#160;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014. The Company records a liability for the estimated cost of the award products. The related cost is recorded under Advertising and promotion expenses in the consolidated statement of operations
 which was amounted to $4.1 million
 $3.7&#160;million and $3.2&#160;million for the fiscal year ended March&#160;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.








&#160;million
 $5.0&#160;million and $4.6&#160;million for the fiscal years ended March&#160;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively.







Advertising and promotion expenses are expensed as incurred The service charge of the consumer loyalty program administrated by a third party was $4.1 million

 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. We reclassified the fiscal year 2014 figure from selling and distribution expenses to advertising and promotion expenses to ensure comparability in 2015.






The Company receives unrestricted cash subsidies from local government agencies. The subsidies are unrestricted as to use and can be utilized by the Company in any manner it deems appropriate. The Company has utilized
 and expects to continue to utilize
 these subsidies to fund general operating expenses. The Company records unrestricted cash government subsidies as government subsidies in the consolidated statements of operations. Unrestricted cash government subsidies received for the fiscal years ended March&#160;31
 2016

 $0.6&#160;million and $0.9 million
 respectively. Government grants related to assets mainly for purchases of property and equipment are recorded as deferred government subsidies and are recognized as an offset to depreciation expense on a straight-line basis over the useful life of the associated asset. The Group received government grants related to assets of nil
 nil
 $0.2&#160;million during the fiscal years ended March&#160;31
 2016
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. $3.5&#160;million
 nill and $4.7 million subsidy were received from the government in the form of reimbursements for promotion expenses during the fiscal year ended March 31
 2016
 2015 and 2014. The Company has recorded this subsidy as a deduction of advertising and promotion expenses.








 retirement benefit and unemployment schemes at the statutory rates in force during the period
















 including currency translation adjustment.








 restricted cash
 accounts receivable
 due from related parties
 receivable from disposal of subsidiaries
 prepayments








The noncontrolling interest represents the portion of the equity interest in the subsidiaries
 Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.

 Ltd.
 and Ruishi Pingo (Beijing) Paper Co.
 Ltd
 not directly or indirectly attributable to the Company. The noncontrolling interest reported as equity in the consolidated financial statements
 it also reported the consolidated net income at amounts that include the amounts attributable to both the parent and the noncontrolling interest on the face of the consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of comprehensive income.








 the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. The fair value measurement guidance provides a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. A financial instrument's categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement as follows:




 quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset (i.e.
 interest rates
 yield curves
 etc.)
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market corroborated inputs).











 restricted cash
 accounts receivable
 other current assets
 investment held at trust
 other assets
 accounts payable
 short-term debt
 long-term debt due within one year
 other current liabilities and due to and from related parties
 approximates their fair value at March&#160;31
 2016 due to the relatively short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying value of long-term debt
 capital lease obligations and other long-term liabilities approximates its fair value as their interest rates are at the same level of the current market yield for comparable loans.







 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-14 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date. The amendments in this Update defer the effective date of Update 2014-09 for all entities by one year. Public business entities
 certain not-for-profit entities
 and certain employee benefit plans should apply the guidance in Update 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after December&#160;15
 2017
 including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December&#160;15
 2016
 including interim reporting period within that reporting period. We are evaluating the impact to our financial position and result of operations upon adoption.


 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-11 Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. An entity should measure inventory within the scope of this Update at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal
 and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method. We are evaluating the impact to our financial position and result of operations upon adoption.


 FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-17 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. The amendments in this Update require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The amendments in this Update apply to all entities that present a classified statement of financial position. The current requirement that deferred tax liabilities and assets of a tax-paying component of an entity be offset and presented as a single amount is not affected by the amendments in this Update. For public business entities
 the amendments in this Update are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December&#160;15
 2016
 and interim periods within those annual periods. Earlier application is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The amendments in this Update may be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. We are evaluating the impact to our financial position upon adoption.


 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01
 to improve the recognition and measurement of financial instruments. The new guidance requires equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting
 or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income and separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset (i.e.
 securities or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements. The guidance also eliminates the requirement to disclose the fair value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost for organizations that are not public business entities and the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet. The new guidance is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. The new guidance permits early adoption of the own credit provision. We are still in the process of assessing the impact of this ASU on our consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842) to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. This ASU will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018 for public entities
 and it will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019. Early adoption is permitted. We are still in the process of assessing the impact of this ASU onour consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-07
 which eliminates the requirement to retroactively adopt the equity method of accounting. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor&#8217;s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting. The amendments in this ASU are effective for all entities for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2016. The amendments should be applied prospectively upon their effective date to increases in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity method. Earlier application is permitted. We are in the process of evaluating the impact of this ASU on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-08
 which amends the principal-versus-agent implementation guidance and illustrations in the Board's new revenue standard (ASC 606). The amendments in this update clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. When another party
 along with the reporting entity
 is involved in providing goods or services to a customer
 an entity is required to determine whether the nature of its promise is to provide that good or service to the customer (as a principal) or to arrange for the good or service to be provided to the customer by the other party (as an agent). The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017. We are in the process of evaluating the impact of this ASU on the consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued ASU 2016-09
 which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions for both public and nonpublic entities
 including the accounting for income taxes
 forfeitures
 and statutory tax withholding requirements
 as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. For public entities
 the ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 including interim periods within those annual reporting periods. Early adoption will be permitted in any interim or annual period for which financial statements have not yet been issued or have not been made available for issuance. We are in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of this guidance on the consolidated financial statements.























































































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























The entire disclosure for an entity's employee compensation and benefit plans
 including
 but not limited to
 postemployment and postretirement benefit plans
 defined benefit pension plans
 defined contribution plans
 non-qualified and supplemental benefit plans
 deferred compensation
 share-based compensation
 life insurance
 severance
 health care
 unemployment and other benefit plans.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets
 liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency
 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for leasing arrangements (both lessor and lessee). This disclosure may address (1) lease classification (that is
 operating versus capital)
 (2) how the term of a lease is determined (for example
 the circumstances in which a renewal option is considered part of the lease term)
 (3) how rental revenue or expense is recognized for a lease that contains rent escalations
 (4) an entity's accounting treatment for deferred rent
 including that which arises from lease incentives
 rent abatements
 rent holidays
 or tenant allowances (5) an entity's accounting treatment for contingent rental payments and (6) an entity's policy for reviewing
 at least annually
 the residual values of sales-type and direct-finance leases. The disclosure also may indicate how the entity accounts for its capital leases
 leveraged leases or sale-leaseback transactions.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for investments in debt securities (which may include mandatorily redeemable preferred shares or preferred shares redeemable at the investing Company's option) that are classified as held-to-maturity. This policy also may describe the entity's accounting treatment for transfers between investment categories
 how the entity determines whether impairments of held-to-maturity securities are other than temporary
 and how the fair values of such securities are determined.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016






Schedule of useful lives for property
 plant and equipment





























Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Estimated Useful Lives [Table Text Block]





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016
































































































































































































































































Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities by class
 including financial instruments measured at fair value that are classified in shareholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in periods after initial recognition (for example
 impaired assets). Disclosures may include
 but are not limited to: (a) the fair value measurements recorded and the reasons for the measurements and (b) the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements are categorized in their entirety (levels 1
 2
 3).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016

















































































































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016






Schedule of balances of due from related parties
 including current and non-current portion




March&#160;31
 2016


March&#160;31
 2015































































































































Year Ended March&#160;31






















Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.














St. Angel (Beijing) Business Service Co.
 Ltd.


11
867



4
651



1
780



Qingdao Lvyin Waste Disposal Investment Management Co.
 Ltd.














Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co.
 Ltd.














Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.

















12
161



5
220



2
329





















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





PREPAYMENTS
 TAX RECEIVABLES AND OTHERS (Tables)


Mar. 31
 2016

Prepayments
 Tax Receivables And Others [Abstract]




Schedule of prepayments
 tax receivables and others




March&#160;31
 2016


March&#160;31
 2015






























































































Tabular disclosure of the amounts paid in advance for capitalized costs that will be expensed with the passage of time or the occurrence of a triggering event
 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer; the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet; and other deferred costs.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET (Tables)


Mar. 31
 2016

Property
 Plant And Equipment
 Net [Abstract]




Schedule of property
 plant and equipment
 net




















 plant and equipment




































































































































































































































 plant and equipment
















































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





LAND USE RIGHTS
 NET (Tables)


Mar. 31
 2016

Land Use Rights
 Net [Abstract]








































































Land Use Rights
 Net [Abstract]






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET (Tables)


Mar. 31
 2016

Intangible Assets
 Net [Abstract]



















































































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and exist in perpetuity
 by either major class or business segment.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(d)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016

















































































































































































March&#160;31






































 2020&#160;to March 31
























































































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016












































































































































Tabular disclosure of the (a) carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business (accounts payable); (b) other payables; and (c) accrued liabilities. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). An alternative caption includes accrued expenses.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016












March&#160;31







































































































































Tabular disclosure of future minimum lease payments as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented
 in aggregate and for each of the five years succeeding fiscal years
 with separate deductions from the total for the amount representing executor costs
 including any profit thereon
 included in the minimum lease payments and for the amount of the imputed interest necessary to reduce the net minimum lease payments to present value.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016













March&#160;31
 2016


March&#160;31
 2015










 $.0001 par value: 250
000 authorized
 57
301 issued; 56
691 and 57
301 outstanding at March&#160;31
 2016 and 2015







































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016












January&#160;1






























































































































Year Ended March&#160;31






















































































































































Year Ended March&#160;31

















































































































































































Schedule of deferred tax assets by type of temporary difference
 credits
 and change in valuation allowance





March&#160;31
 2016


March&#160;31
 2015












































































































































































































































































































































Year Ended March&#160;31






































































































































































































































































































































































































































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.



















































































































Tabular disclosure of the income tax exemptions and reductions which have been granted by taxing authorities for a specified period
 applicable term of the exemptions and reductions
 estimated dollar value of tax benefits
 and per share benefits.




























Tabular disclosure of valuation allowances to reduce deferred tax assets to net realizable value
 including identification of the deferred tax asset more likely than not will not be fully realized and the corresponding amount of the valuation allowance.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016












Year Ended March&#160;31























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016


























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016











Year Ended March&#160;31








































328
632



386
807



314
459






27
742



18
516



21
987






8
665



8
618



34
088






365
039



413
941



370
534




































10
951



15
752



10
688






5
401














16
650



15
848



10
812





















175
502



188
235



155
694






1
366



1
708



(2
659





















176
824



189
554



153
507








March&#160;31
 2016


March&#160;31
 2015























754
333



626
317






281
616



38
878






124
077



2
169






4
870



10
528






(347
799



(13
007






817
097



664
885

















289
814



180
495






12
018



14
039










1
208






302
726



195
742


























































































































































































Tabular disclosure of long-lived assets
 excluding financial instruments
 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets
 by geographic areas located in the entity's country of domicile and foreign countries in which the entity holds assets.




























Tabular disclosure of information concerning material long-lived assets (excluding financial instruments
 customer relationships with financial institutions
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred taxes assets) located in identified geographic areas and/or the amount of revenue from external customers attributed to that country from which revenue is material.  An entity may also provide subtotals of geographic information about groups of countries.




























Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016






















































82
329



87
348



109
256



86
106



85
975



102
464



115
331



110
171






41
942



40
595



55
365



38
922



38
763



43
900



52
717



54
174






7
593







12
038







17
940



10
237



17
264



24
092






57
301



57
291



57
026



56
712



57
301



57
301



57
301



57
301









































































Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 financial information for fiscal quarters
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES - Schedule of useful lives for property
 plant and equipment (Details)


Mar. 31
 2016






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Useful lives for property
 plant and equipment









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Useful lives for property
 plant and equipment









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Useful lives for property
 plant and equipment









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Useful lives for property
 plant and equipment









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Useful lives for property
 plant and equipment









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Useful lives for property
 plant and equipment









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Useful lives for property
 plant and equipment









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Useful lives for property
 plant and equipment





































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014













600


800









845


040







100







200)


200


900







000


900





100


700


200





700


000


600





100


700


200





















Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd.





















726


040























500




700
























































































































































Amount of impairment loss resulting from write-down of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit to fair value.






















































































Expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services. Costs of public relations and corporate promotions are typically considered to be marketing costs.

























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]












845


040



Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd.








Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]








Property
 plant and equipment
 Fair Value





605







726


040



Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd. | Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1)








Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]








Property
 plant and equipment
 Fair Value








Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd. | Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2)








Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]








Property
 plant and equipment
 Fair Value








Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd. | Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)








Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]








Property
 plant and equipment
 Fair Value





605












Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]








Intangible asset
 Fair Value












119














Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]








Intangible asset
 Fair Value









































Fair value portion of assets
 excluding financial assets
 that lack physical substance
 having a limited useful life.

























































Fair value portion of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014


Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]












845


040



Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd.








Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]








Property
 plant and equipment fair value





605







726


040












Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]


























Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]















































































Fair value portion of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }







































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]




















294





Zhangjiakou Chahaer Dairy Co.
 Ltd.












Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
















100















600


500


























000





Gain on disposal and liquidation of subsidiaries
 net of tax







900













100













000





Beijing Huiliduo Food Technology Co.
 Ltd.












Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]














300
























Beijing Jinkangpu Food Technology Co.
 Ltd.












Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]


















100




























000






































Disposal Group
 Not Discontinued Operation
 Gain (Loss) on Disposal
 Net of tax
















































































































































The cash inflow associated with the amount received from the sale of a business segment or subsidiary or sale of an entity that is related to it but not strictly controlled during the period (for example
 an unconsolidated subsidiary
 affiliate
 joint venture or equity method investment).




























Amount of reclassification from other comprehensive income (loss) to earnings
 after tax
 related to translation from the functional currency to reporting currency
 as a result of the sale or complete or substantially complete liquidation of an investment in a foreign entity.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015











073


578





609


905





678


271





360


754



































Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of raw materials expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of merchandise or goods in the production process expected to be completed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014













100


900







762


682


487



































Amount of loss from reductions in inventory due to subsequent measurement adjustments
 including
 but not limited to
 physical deterioration
 obsolescence
 or changes in price levels.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015











709


768



















349


025



Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.




































334


732



Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.




















Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co.
 Ltd.
























For an unclassified balance sheet
 amounts due from related parties including affiliates
 employees
 joint ventures
 officers and stockholders
 immediate families thereof
 and pension funds.













































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
















Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.
























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014













161


220


329



Beijing Honnete Dairy Co.
 Ltd.














































867


651


780



Qingdao Lvyin Waste Disposal Investment Management Co.
 Ltd.


























Beijing Ao Naier Feed Stuff Co.
 Ltd.


























Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.



























































Amount of revenue
 fees and commissions earned from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management
 or members of their immediate families; and (e) affiliates.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014


Beijing St. Angel Cultural Communication Co.
 Ltd.






























Related party transaction
 purchases from related parties

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





PREPAYMENTS
 TAX RECEIVABLES AND OTHERS (Schedule Of Prepayments
 Tax Receivables And Others) (Details) - USD ($)
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015


Prepayments
 Tax Receivables And Others [Abstract]








862


544





994


056





183


086





227


586





409


740





675


012







Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of income taxes previously overpaid to tax authorities (such as U.S. Federal
 state and local tax authorities) representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes. Also called income tax refund receivable.






















































































Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for income and other taxes that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET (Details) - USD ($)
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 cost

527


866





219


172





877


391



Property
 plant and equipment
 net

185


085










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 cost

914


447










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 cost

469


753





111












Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 cost

984


013





780


790










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 cost

584


790





879


193










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 cost

973


146





672


599










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 cost

460


577





920


834










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 cost

143


140














Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.

























































Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET (Detail Textuals) - USD ($)



Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014


Property
 Plant And Equipment
 Net [Abstract]



























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





LAND USE RIGHTS
 NET (Schedule Of Land Use Rights) (Details) - USD ($)
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015


Land Use Rights
 Net [Abstract]






Land use rights
 cost

919


896





378


239



Land use rights
 net

541


657







Land Use Rights
 Accumulated Amortization




























Land Use Rights
 Cost

























































Land Use Rights
 Net [Abstract]









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





LAND USE RIGHTS
 NET (Detail Textuals) - USD ($)



Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014


Land use right
 amortization expense

000


000


000












Land use right
 lease term

















Land use right
 lease term









































Land Use Right
 Lease Term































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET (Schedule Of Intangible Assets) (Details) - USD ($)
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015


















661


588




































Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





INTANGIBLE ASSETS
 NET (Detail Textuals) - USD ($)
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015


















600
000


500
000



















000


000




































Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ in Thousands
 &#165; in Millions






































Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]
















286




























Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]



































300






































































































Amount billed to customers under long-term contracts or programs to be collected in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes amounts due that have been withheld because of retainage provisions in a contract. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount billed to customers under long-term contracts or programs to be collected in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes amounts due that have been withheld because of retainage provisions in a contract. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount billed to customers under long-term contracts or programs to be collected in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes amounts due that have been withheld because of retainage provisions in a contract. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























An amount representing an agreement for an unconditional promise by the maker to pay the Entity (holder) a definite sum of money at a future date more than one year from the balance sheet date
 net of any write-downs taken for collection uncertainty on the part of the holder. Such amount may include accrued interest receivable in accordance with the terms of the debt. The debt also may contain provisions and related items including a discount or premium
 payable on demand
 secured
 or unsecured
 interest bearing or noninterest bearing
 among a myriad of other features and characteristics. This amount does not include amounts related to receivables held-for-sale.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Nov. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2016




















































































For any sales of securities categorized as held-to-maturity
 this item represents the net carrying amount of the sold security.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ in Thousands
 &#8364; in Millions
 &#165; in Millions



































175






639





504






426



Total debt
 current

679






065



Long-term debt
 non-current portion

512






627





191






692







Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all debt
 including all short-term borrowings
 long-term debt
 and capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.13
16)



























Amount of short-term debt and current maturity of long-term debt and capital lease obligations due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)























































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015











016


053



















514


393



















061


099



















441


561




































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015









March 31
 2017

504





March 31
 2018

052





March 31
 2019

330





March 31
 2020 to March 31
 2022






March 31
 2023

130







016


053







Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing from the fourth to sixth year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.





















































































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ in Thousands
 &#8364; in Millions
 &#165; in Millions














































016


053
























900













400


300


600









600


800



































Maturity date of the debt outstanding range
 start

  2016











Maturity date of the debt outstanding range
 end

  2018













800













700





































Maturity date of the debt outstanding range
 start

  2016











Maturity date of the debt outstanding range
 end

  2017













200





































Maturity date of the debt outstanding range
 start

  2018











Maturity date of the debt outstanding range
 end

  2022













441


561











200







































300





















































































































100






























































































































































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.

























































Latest date the outstanding debt instruments are required to be repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Earliest date the outstanding debt instruments are required to be repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Represents the aggregate of total long-term debt
 including current maturities and short-term debt.






















































































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.

























































Carrying amount of collateralized debt obligations with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer
 excluding the current portion. Obligations include
 but not limited to
 mortgage loans
 chattel loans
 and other borrowings secured by assets.




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015









Accrued discount
 rebate and slotting fee

932


861





111


825





975


404





812


980





787


720





617


790

































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for the marketing
 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 &#165; in Millions
 $ in Millions



















































































































































Amount of deferred revenue as of balance sheet date. Deferred revenue represents collections of cash or other assets related to a revenue producing activity for which revenue has not yet been recognized. Generally
 an entity records deferred revenue when it receives consideration from a customer before achieving certain criteria that must be met for revenue to be recognized in conformity with GAAP.




























Period covered by the long-term purchase commitment
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015














































462







432







012







420














315


806





420









Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.




























Amount of capital lease obligation due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.

























































Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.

























































Present value of minimum lease payments for capital leases net of executory costs
 including amounts paid by the lessee to the lessor for insurance
 maintenance and taxes.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014




000


000


000





000


000


000





























































Capital Leases of Lessee
 Interest Rate




























Lessee Leasing Arrangements
 Capital Leases
 Term of Contract

























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014















845


040



Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd.





















700























































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jan. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2016

























































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014
Mar. 31
 2013













Common stock
 $.0001 par value: 250
000 authorized
 57
301 issued; 56
691 and 57
301 outstanding at March 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively












693


440









810)


046)









352


526









241


926









559


643









800


569


256


207







Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Carrying amount of equity interests owned by noncontrolling shareholders
 partners
 or other equity holders in one or more of the entities consolidated into the reporting entity's financial statements other than joint ventures
 limited partnerships
 operating partnerships or interests held by preferred unit holders.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.




























Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015









Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000


000



Common stock
 shares
 issued

301


301



Common stock
 shares
 outstanding

691


301

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Dec. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014
Sep. 10
 2015





















Share repurchase
 expiration date









  2016









Shares repurchase
 shares



000


785


000











Share repurchase
 value



000


800
000


000


997
000)



















353
000


411
000


000





















































300
000



















800
000









Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.


























































500
000






































700
000


700
000


700
000




700
000

















































800
000

















Qingdao Boda Fanglue Trading Co.
 Ltd. | Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.
























































Qingdao Shuofeng Equity Investment Management Limited Partnership Enterprise | Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.






























































































Share repurchase
 amount authorized















000
000
























































































































































Amount of equity interests of the acquirer
 including instruments or interests issued or issuable in consideration for the business combination.




























The equity interest of noncontrolling shareholders
 partners or other equity holders in consolidated entity.

























































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of or advances to an entity that is related to it but not strictly controlled (for example
 an unconsolidated subsidiary
 affiliate
 and joint venture or equity method investment) or the acquisition of an additional interest in a subsidiary (controlled entity).






















































































Expiration date for the purchase of an entity's own shares under a stock repurchase plan
 in the CCYY-MM-DD format.










































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2016

Shengyuan Nutritional Food Co.
 Ltd.














Inner Mongolia Huiliduo Food Co.
 Ltd.














Inner Mongolia Mengyuan Food Co.
 Ltd.














Heilongjiang Longshan Dairy Co.
 Ltd.














Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.



















Beijing Shengyuan Huimin Technology Service Co.
 Ltd.














Beijing Syclin Clinical Laboratory Co.
 Ltd.














Global Food Trading (Shanghai) Co.
 Ltd.














Shanghai Precious Care Cosmetic Co.
 Ltd.














Ruishi Pingo (Beijing) Paper Co.
 Ltd.














Qingdao West Coast Jintao Cross-border E-commerce Co.
 Ltd.































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014













415


582


478























089)


300


232


















































242)



























590)


295)


453)


















































123


994


250




































Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014













981


980


364





280)


699)


206)














649)


456)


597)





253)









208


331
















783


489







454


449)






































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.
















































































































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to tax exempt income
 equity in earnings (loss) of an unconsolidated subsidiary
 minority noncontrolling interest income (loss)
 tax holiday
 disposition of a business
 disposition of an asset
 repatriation of foreign earnings
 repatriation of foreign earnings jobs creation act of 2004
 increase (decrease) in enacted tax rate
 prior year income taxes
 increase (decrease) in deferred tax asset valuation allowance
 and other adjustments.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





INCOME TAXES (Deferred Tax Assets By Type Of Temporary Difference
 Credits
 And Change In Valuation Allowance) (Details 1) - USD ($)
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015











794


920



















664


860












899


523





992


981





300


237












781


267












353


118












753


835



















361


376





880)


078)





481









Deferred Tax Assets
 Acquisition Of Assets Under Fair Value
 Current




























Deferred Tax Assets
 Acquisition Of Assets Under Fair Value
 Noncurrent




























Deferred Tax Assets
 Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Current




























Deferred Tax Assets
 Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Noncurrent




























Deferred Tax Assets
 Other
 Current




























Deferred Tax Assets
 Other
 Noncurrent




























Deferred Tax Assets
 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Accrued Liabilities
 Current




























Deferred Tax Assets
 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Provision for Loan Losses
 Current




























Deferred Tax Assets
 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Provision for Loan Losses
 Noncurrent




























Deferred Tax Assets
 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Returns and Allowances
 Current

























































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards
 classified as noncurrent.











































































































































































Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.




























Amount of valuation allowance of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards
 classified as current.




























Amount of valuation allowance of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards
 classified as noncurrent.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015











048


604





649)


456)







100)





399


048




































Valuation Allowance Amount
 Additions




























Valuation Allowance Amount
 Deconsolidation






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014













957


113







253)









250)


300)







454


449)















































































736


719
















046)


828)



























477







260)











528

























936)






























































































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)







































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014













498











260







260)











498









































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 &#8364; in Thousands
 $ in Thousands





























































454






449)







399






048


604





200













000













260



















260





Special circumstance qualification
 minimum underpayment of tax liability | &#165;





000







Synutra Illinois snd Synutra International
 Inc



























700





























































































000









Netherlands | First EUR 200
000 of taxable profits






































Netherlands | Profits above EUR 200
000









































































































































































































































Percentage owned in foreign invested enterprises
 benchmark percentage








































































































































































Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd.






































Meitek Technology (Qingdao) Co.
 Ltd. | China










































Deferred Tax Assets
 Valuation Allowance
 Derecognized Amount




























Effective Income Tax Rate
 Taxable Profits Benchmark



















































































































Percentage Owned in Foreign Invested Enterprises
 Benchmark Percentage




























Special circumstance qualification
 minimum underpayment of tax liability

























































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.

















































































































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)




















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands




Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2014
Jun. 30
 2014
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014































038




593


092


264


237


940


236


533


929





712


026


291


301


301


301


301


301


083


301


301

























































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















558





432





414





413





633





330





780
































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }







































300
000


















000
000


100
000


000
000













































































000







Milk Powder
 Whey Protein
 Imported Dutch Cow Brand Product And Imported Super Brand Product



















200
000

























Purchase obligation of product per year
 volume of product | l








Purchase obligation
 duration of time










000 liter

























Purchase obligation of product per year
 mass of product | T

000
















Purchase obligation
 duration of time










200 per ton

























Purchase obligation of product per year
 mass of product | T

000
















Purchase obligation
 duration of time










200 per ton

























Purchase obligation of product per year
 mass of product | T

000
















Purchase obligation
 duration of time










300 per ton



























500 tons
 and of 117
300 tons to 124
200 tons in 2018 through 2027



























000 tons
 and of 77
400 tons to 82
800 tons in 2018 through 2027


































































































Purchase obligation
 duration of time




























Purchase obligation of product per year
 mass of product




























Purchase obligation of product per year
 volume of product




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























Amount of contractual obligation due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























Term of the lessee's leasing arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Minimum amount of purchase arrangement maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Includes
 but not limited to
 recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations
 long-term purchase commitments
 and short-term purchase commitments.























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }































































































106


256


348


329


171


331


464


975


039


941


534





922


365


595


942


174


717


900


763


824


554


507





097








885








097


885







726








742








726


742


































































































650


848


812





799)








007)








799)


007)









































































632


807


459





















502


235


694





333








317








333


317







814








495








814


495




















































































































































742


516


987





















366


708


659)





616








878








616


878







018








039








018


039









































































951


752


688







































































665


618


088






























077








169








077


169















208










208









































































401



























































870








528








870


528







































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Long-lived assets other than financial instruments
 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets.

























































Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.













































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2014
Jun. 30
 2014
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014































106


256


348


329


171


331


464


975


039


941


534










































































820


234


218










































































219


707


316












Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015











726


742



















364


594





























































351


148







Long-lived assets other than financial instruments
 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets.


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014
























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014


Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]












011)





Beijing Shengyuan Huiliduo Food Technology Co.
 Ltd.








Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 &#165; in Millions
 $ in Millions




































Reserve fund requirement
 percentage of after-tax income to be set aside










Common stock
 additional paid-in capital and statutory reserve of subsidiaries



009.4












































Common stock
 additional paid-in capital and statutory reserve of subsidiaries




























Reserve fund requirement
 percentage of after-tax income to be set aside






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands




Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2014
Jun. 30
 2014
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014





























106


256


348


329


171


331


464


975


039


941


534





922


365


595


942


174


717


900


763


824


554


507







038




593


092


264


237


940


236


533


929





712


026


291


301


301


301


301


301


083


301


301






























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014
Mar. 31
 2013















667


171


915


050





997


870









223


139









326


449









097


885




















617


790









197


826









077


241









297


316


















Common stock
 $.0001 par value: 250
000 authorized
 57
301 issued; 56
691 and 57
301 outstanding at March 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively












693


440









810)


046)









352


526









800


569


256


207





097


885































441


056




077





441


056









995


140









045


382









809


733









290


311












































260











385


















Common stock
 $.0001 par value: 250
000 authorized
 57
301 issued; 56
691 and 57
301 outstanding at March 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively












693


440









810)


046)









352


526









241


926


396


766





290


311











Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Aggregate amount of receivables to be collected from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due after one year (or one business cycle).




























This item represents the carrying amount on the entity's balance sheet of its investment in common stock of an equity method investee. This is not an indicator of the fair value of the investment
 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.





















































































Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





















































































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2014
Jun. 30
 2014
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014




















740


994


506





















494)


740)


630)





















362


033


162





















776


608


658





















454


449)









038




593


092


264


237


940


236


533


929














































394


186























394


186













































































046



Other income
 net



































































432)

























837


265


064





















236


533


929




































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.


























































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)





















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Amount of expense related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























Amount of income related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2014
Jun. 30
 2014
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014






038




593


092


264


237


940


236


533


929





















017


991)


701























011)























017


002)


701





















062


530


630














































236


533


929





















826


992)


701























011)























826


003)


701





















062


530


630







Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
c)





























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014























































301
000


301
000


301
000


















Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax of nil



































































000)
























691
000






691
000


301
000


301
000














































































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax of nil



































































000
























000






000













































440


440


440


















Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax of nil






















820






























997)









693






693


440


440









































046)


579)


508)











236


533


929



Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax of nil





























































810)






810)


046)


579)









































526


529


828


















Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax of nil







826


003)


701


















































352






352


526


529











569


256


207











961


031


348



Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax of nil







017


002)


701











006


























800




997)









000


785


000











800






800


569


256
























































301
000


301
000


301
000


















Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax of nil



































































000)
























691
000






691
000


301
000


301
000














































































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax of nil



































































000
























000






000













































440


440


440


















Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax of nil






















820






























997)









693






693


440


440









































046)


579)


508)











236


533


929



Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax of nil





























































810)






810)


046)


579)









































526


529


828


















Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax of nil







826


003)


701


















































352






352


526


529









































926


396


766











236


533


929



Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax of nil







826


003)


701











006






























997)









241






241


926


396



























































































































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.




























Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date
 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.






















































































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2014
Jun. 30
 2014
Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014































038




593


092


264


237


940


236


533


929














































514


210


356





















173)



























426)























778


661)


753)





















389

























662


529


225














































353


411























486)

























007)


306)


699)














































997)

























996)


364)


890)





















301


192


772





















496


744)


865



Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year







171








915


171


915


050



Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year

667








171








667


171


915







































































236


533


929














































837)


265)


064)

























046)











































































153

























588)





















260)


260
















































430)


021)


















































877)

























318























486)

























736

























250





























046





















813


358


046














































998)





























860)





















998)




860)





















615)


337





Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year







056










056




077



Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year

441








056








441


056































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.




























The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of obligations to be paid to the following types of related parties: a parent company and its subsidiaries; subsidiaries of a common parent; an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management; an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families; affiliates; or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.















































































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of or advances to an entity that is related to it but not strictly controlled (for example
 an unconsolidated subsidiary
 affiliate
 and joint venture or equity method investment) or the acquisition of an additional interest in a subsidiary (controlled entity).






















































































Cash dividends or other distributions received from unconsolidated subsidiaries
 certain corporate joint ventures
 and certain noncontrolled corporations that are returns of capital. Excludes dividends or distributions from equity method investments classified as operating activities.




























The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Mar. 31
 2014


Allowance for accounts receivable
 including current and not-current



















941


137


352





360)


189)


116)









099)





435


941


137























446


248


682

























446


248























048


604


971





649)


456)


341)







100)







399


048


604




































Total of allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs.




























Amount of increase in the allowances and reserves
 which consist of the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 from charges to costs and expenses.




























Total of the deductions in a given period to allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
 respectively.





















































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( .PZS4CN8!JEIP(  %9    3    6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;



I
MYT_-)AQ5M5

HU



A:4F0M*;*6%%E+BJPE1=:2(FM)


:7L?&/OK
MA:QP_CN!FY]02P

-9?2
M0D0[8$NP+
L5R*V.V:SGVL7.U49V[M



MNVD 8Q?%7B7B





WD'H'1B]@] [
M




WEGHG1F]L] [


M]*Z




TOWUMQ)//P!0
M2P

MO5G?3^



MSK7^)FX'CLL5EE8+4?KS@!?5_Q2+VJEM)&#OG3W_MSH0SF:(9!44)*)98PO2


$-




7 =AAE@81VK5#AFH7_AL3$)DQV$H%;D4

M$=0^5#4441X#]@'@NAJI72
E?L01

M3$9$R^DDQ$TR]NACM,?5P$R@ZB&M2@')68NYCZ@20ER'@ $?((% /1B=
MQ!Z.';4_]I@X
50Q16=HF&8\2U*^V!T&GV D:
H7Z_K4J ^3^[6:V8T






-L?'0NE;3@!FCI@'CG'VMI@'MG&WP9WN@





:$4
M;IYL$%W)6! ;T#Q
8H6)R97UFF

_9HY+K9\#6R:93.F ;GDR-D!F+J!F-25

@8-:# 86#[)65*_F*VQK:G8J*^KZ+CA 1=6JI4


)\$Q

M76N]##7=KS$ZO)RXLK7UW3'U(SI[5?474$L#!!0    ( .PZS4B97)PC$ 8

M-H&VM!-S:7;;M)F$[4X?A1%8C6QY9)&$?[]'-A#+E@WMDDVZFSP$+.G[SD5'



X


H%N
!M8('_.;Z?D






E1M'V5;S<HY=8%0&7

2S90+!D&&ER0F$JDY?DU($_XKI=K^G-- \)0O


%.70[@:
M0KX#;;J=W#HXGIB1N0K34I!OP_GIQ7@:XCG9!+E]F%=MY]C1T?OGP5&PH^\\

KD*)\3(Q%Z'#GEUQ?X]&2X]NF9;5NKREW&6TB4CG:9@3
M9ZO*WF6QP54=SU5;\K^:CVT%4[/_EFMR)\

KF[.:EZ93%GIO+?+0P)+%N(61+B

E'#^4[YU_T74.N?O;=X_INDSM(3)QYQ1$!




N

D4N,DL(,8M0;^/[08XAP& 6\9!.FC 3)5<A

[;)(3]X17T


M'UQM#+-SAL+F6YSMR'*U
44)PJ/42;&Y:)7(C72@EF.XD!&6(VJ0JQ%U




MRXG]
I\N['+4566F+NFLM&%WI75X0\?=E7;=66FCSGX[3&W866F#KDJ[_-VC





_V[?=H1CXR^[;5;O?5]MRT6Y/A[(9K@Q-LZ^ZLBZ&JFWZI^K83YYI_;^A

.Q15
_GMU_YZ7]7E?=GU'


M\%8)=Q-!_\P0A0[KA


M/(;P^98DX0

M2Z
@6F:



M=
B(D3+1;Y

R39EHLXDV
MFU2P'M

M(GR^B%J40U'AU+#09XOP^=+NY)F%*/3;4D?GEY;(8J+?UH5E\!L R\L?PZF0
M038:;A.&*P.]C='91L-MPG U@VWT7;
%R-0L-M--S^Z





[+KBMW+]^



.EL12-\5U4K=6TJP:03%XTP7E6OU#53@DEG
-J@^^PJCZ9R7!I$
8C;!?W3)'
M@DGG
1KEOZ)ENN9*

M
T ^73P?+U[A0?ZNW%=-N1

09EGB];G?\[N)'



(9$!






MNX*9F#D[8WL?Z
Z&[C(V8+KAI
QRCET @&YO^)\SK6
BNY %V@W98GKIGQK

]*K




;RY'6^N\33&&QY/TF(87V*4',\2R- YK\D*+@L6/-PV0Y$9
MXF:LK,6-9HC5XKT/7E,57 5D\\S=-F,C,Y:;<:H9RZK!/ =0S7 56,KL;2\N
M\N*X%_65UX[5D@?C,M4+5P7O+=WVXB,OGGL)JA?/VX6VGB%$#G
;SL)D9/



<CSF?8:J4U3(^N31I4P%CF*G*)67_20

36 ^Y/H2
3'
AI7T^



]1-
$ML_@VY7
_4(YTE
M2J HQ10E3E%]O[TF3L=?^O4#]%



WTC&
MFZX^73_YO']W6OT'4$L#!!0    ( .PZS4@







)0;R

F^E

M;ZNW97VJ\FS;!Q6')0IAED6V/R[6J_[9CVJ]*M^;P_Z8_ZBB^KTHLNJ_37XH


MMEY5Y3FJ3UE7'O#0XE67I

R+8(QN*P)58
MMLG9%G#AAR

M:V)4K&@/BYW6+)9ZF)9:S! =!Z)C*MJQHF/ZS@%Y*O$H:QT_SAXE+8C;BEV@
MV!'%CBW C:

M2P+








M?MDSWA.IAOR0B!.G9&=

MCEU6

N&B-/]*GZ$#QMH)$;QLZ47X;Q'&OZ%


-&F0T3YYF5B0J/;@$BGT[<NPHM



Y_T0M%ZBEAXJ#J.4MS2V]YE8 !




M#*


4U](@?Z









M\7^W^S#'6DKMTLC^TT)C#6@

MHABS)603&E$+C74B&MG1R)Y& H LF.\XJ

MI*D#;B&4(]%G(H#YF
(?G1!@W)5HL496
&9_/EZ P81?OC
MH]O-8=G$T[/X/&9='V!<7L.S\^D9Z^^.SZ#^81#_Y@ FE?(R*K&2NYTQ1
MT[:.'%I'M%PW'!RCN2[^4;$%V-?-7?8.ER_QN_DKSM]/YV+VDI5EEMX.E=^R





MZYO&XD%R5/RU;M_[Y/WL8/Y;UWT_?/CC\6ZN#A[:3?LP'+I8C2\_VKK=; X]



M

U48'V4;1








99\^IS*E<

3V70S51+;3SX@/24!F45$C 2R1(*67E4 VDKO$^LSX




M6B+*



K)

.Y90BWG
PM0\HB








P$/T5BP^(V;)
N6XG'1<?,@20*%/1FMY\$JEFCW&\E8(W+%&ZCUEYP+1I0.








JVU63]YQ9
_
MF($H[*1(=.-MK=SAC]EQ&(^AN2!/^9

MDG.N0'OS5VL/E?H9&0




L2=
5BY1-5:4/E:(\I


M%&@K4!

]B$KP?$5]\JO9TRQ8  FUPK
ZK =/'J6%+CJ%W:TK6Z
MWLZ[/)[).[PJ!][!;VXZH2TYHO
G&X^A173@3617UY3T_OVLB836A?;CTVZ
M4BEQ.P/9'VEU1M02P
$%     @ [#K-2.I?0'B 0  L0,  !D   !X;]W


M\'Y? W)C^9 LV !)-0N*'_G.$1I QOO';K/G1,A OXT7]6YS6NS]QX\H

=
^










_#

8%[]TQ8YO:;G%_3\

MJ_/MO
OCF;S#RZ+G+?SEIA7:DB

MAP)!#LF9EE82$9*KDI25_GWYL!0[








3






ZY
M?L^8K3I0W-Y@#]K_:= H[GQJ6F9[ [R.)59GF7?F.)T[*(M2=3%C@X*30\

S^0=7A8];^$7-ZW0EIS0






M3L0./


&$EH7MA_]
MWJ0KE0*'P_) UE=:_0%02P
$%     @ [#K-2)AE*?FB 0  L0
  !D   !X



1$!'P4\!D





M;6R%4]MNHS 0_17+'U 3DEX4$:2FJZK[L%+5A_;9@0&LVA[6-J'[]^L+4+*J





(UP'

?+PN!(
M;


6&.EYB[?YJPU9XJ
&V\.I94.&B7

5-*[0E)W3^9.








3DN

&*9
H2@Z1HAQVSQYHP(H?Q#9#]N_7#R#

GNE!U#^3ZN-9
ZGIB-V
M


GR
(/1UPCI?*^]Z%PJD
M*LG*:[@$9;E6R$![P+?Y_E@$1 3\XC#938R]Y/6;R%Y:@XXQ9 0.V O/+

XO&4Z-H\YXY5I5&
M3\@.+)Q=OO=P$T2\

7D*X)X]2];4'Q)




M]G\C1LSQ$G/S3Q.VVE

/N%%WO
&?G/==
J0

$%
M  @ [#K-2/D
LXNB 0  L0



T[?8![A


M\)./3;I2*7$X+ ]D?:757U!+ P04     #L.LU(93@RDJ$!  Q P  &0




P.!G@324JR/
L^

6%IE49:\^F*G%T


M?XJ'F?8^(9\)^4KXF$7CJ5&T^8D[7I4&)V(''LYN=_!P$T2\
K%1S:3IO5'K


C
N

1MO*A_C=-Z]Q=NX1'E+]&XWIO-*&F@Y:-TSSA]@WF$


R91SEO




M5E7[L%+5A]UG!P:P:C/4-J'[]^L+4+*JMB]X9CCGS!E?\A'UFVD!+/E0LC
'





?X

[H\95

WT;'6XO'-Y^+Y#- ED4

5D'YJPU9XJT$VX.H:4


MVOKPQL4Z7JF86.SG![*\TN(_4$L#!!0    ( .PZS4@D['KNH@$  +$#   9






MZ]R?N8$'%'_ZVG;.;$))#0T?A7W&Z0?
(^R]8(7A^I1F-1+A1*)'^+:Z_
M.L4_V=U,^YR0SH1T)7Q+@O'8*-C\SBTOXT3



^#6?R#B^+@;?PB^NV

M


QPSIDSOI03FA?; SCRJJ2V1]H[-QP8LW4/BML;'$#[/RT:Q9U/

M72BPJF0KKQ$*M!6HB8'V2!]VAU
1$!'P4\!D-S$)WL^(+R'YWAQI%BR A-H%

1MO*A_C=-Z]V=NX1'E+]&XWIO-*&F@Y:-TSSA]
M@WF$VR!8H[3Q2^K1.E0+A1+%7]

%4.O(,?W'16W)&YT\V'D.+Z




M2=3

M@2()%'\;

^CV?R#J_*@7?PG9M.
M:$O.Z/S)QF-H$1UX$]G-+26]?S]K(J%U(;SSL4E7*B4.A^6!K*^T^@U02P
$
M%     @ [#K-2 4(+)^A 0  L0

+\6$^L5T ):\*MF;(^VL'0Z


R%;CR08CXVS7MN

R923EM
NB*84_^P
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#,P+GAM;(53VVZC,!#]%<L?4!-TBHB
M2$U7J^U#I:H/[;
# UBU&=8VH?OWZPM0LJJV+WAF..?


H\(
[/W, #RC=1V=:932BIH.:#M\X_H)IA)T7+%&:\7E8RJF4*)XA]Q%5U8


MLBB0_6_$B#E=8^[^:

$

M

8
5FB&V6]._K

MNF5FT
#K0%*2I4ERS107/2V+4'O298&CE:*')TW



MLM X$3-P?W:[@X-K+^*4B0EJ.D[OC!I7O91I]J-@%R\T8R+EM
7L5@1SZI^V



M:*P/O[E8QRL5$XO#\D#65UK^!5!+ P04     #L.LU(NY=V9*$!  Q P








M0)$$BO^-F##G6TSQ3Q.VV5
%IHM7QY(:1^W2EJ[5]78^Y/%
WN!5.? .?G#3


M^9 4.0B:B[B[FIF=Y:

8=W3=AJ3Q68-EX=

$%     @ [#K-2%HDYF*E 0  L0


_F %WG/

6B?O3 %9NA
MMEF2OX\O0**E!<\
YQSYHPO^8CZQ;0 EKPJV9D3;:WMCXR9L@7%S0WVT+D_





/N!%WO
&'KEN1&?(!:T[V7 
-:(%9R*Y

[%^MXI6)BL9\?R/)*BW=02P




M9

PJ@C$.]SLE(JE!$
56C11I1
L:&='(

WL?VQYTADM2S0J+2!]^@2*PR!)0ZZ#J8X8PLJ\&

&6K(0KL.!CET'D:CSUN,[#K8)#G1E-




M(XH9NV&0@]TBV@PB


M(R$.S-F=5!(++\%V.LS?XR4):83$):ZJO/?JE9=R4OK5]  6O0LNS0'WU@Y[





-]VO[G^6:!8!(HH4%R

RC%]?\C2!P/-*5SX5DTK?4%


M*WKV
SY)(
MJ*T/;URLXY6*B<5^?B#+*RT^ %!+ P04     #L.LU(5'YV)J<!  Q P
M&0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970S.2YX;6R%4]MNG# 0_17+'Q#ETV3





M

M X&U^JI%X


&,*S1#;+.G?QQ<@;!6I?<$SPSEGSOA23*A?30=@

MGG59X&BEZ.%9$S



M5]&'=8I_]ME

F)JCI




M;!1L/G++RT+C1
S _=GM#@ZNO8A3)B:HZ3B]

9%RVF)V
M*X(Y]2];I/2:GF[HZ??T;*%GT6&VI2?Y]P+Y(I!'@?QJQ/QZQ(@Y76/VGYJP







M_?Q EE=:? )02P
$%     @ [#K-2)
]WFZD 0  L0


#6/(JA3)'VEL['A@S=0^2


#]RC^#HWM




.:-U)QN.


MRVZC


M3E'1(0GU(7B*]L?




+


5!TH;FYP@-[]:5 K;EVJ
M6V8&#;P.)59FB2W3''1T[((M2==%CA:*7IXTL2,2G']YP02IR/=T:7P+-K.
M^@(K[;R:J&@-P)[HJ$YTOO=X91[1 \)C


))34T?)3V&:='

8M



M/?QBIN?*HHMV_F3C


O





A70G?DF \
M-@HVOW/+RT+C1
S _=GMC@ZNO8A3)B:HZ3B]

9%RWF)V
M*X(Y]4];I/26GF[HZ=?T;*%GT6&VI6?YUP+[16 ?!?8W(][?CA@QYUO
X;\F
M;+.GG0;KHXA%8Z]C5NZ5M?;^9&

70#%(B_8'LYEG&$F


))&0FBEQN\ *5&

(+IW^JLRIUMF& SG A+54?O'N#^QW61O#$
MJ;1/=&JEXJRG!(B1+[=6M5T[]R8+[[1Y0GPGQ!



^:^)C-LDDV




M$-LLZ=_7%R!L%*E]P3/#.6?.^%)
J%]

)I34


MC

M(KG;4]*Y][
F$AKKPX.+=;Q2


2YX;6R%4\MNI# 0

)$D7+!W4U5=;4?







MC(1D)CS&/G@P\C&_$T.*7


E/=O?%\@F@2P(9
L6'^-U

^H&JI31@0\0/MM76_@GF X/:



,X\(
M@-\1K.*B?=^07SSR<_J1!-O 224UBMPMUSA$:3T0J[QWTGSHZ4GKN-9_2E

M!;(HD-V


M:&5E=#4T+GAM;)66W6ZC






P-&XDZZ;9;AXPB_]0
M2P

W%8G4))JVBTE5+[9KFC@)*N 
.TWW







MF$[PYE-3

D+O@'
Z\9UZ\HCZSJ2(KE

M;9;5@AE06*W32L;LXH3F$4!M*H ,\H*9*9OV9=],[=.R.>L#VW+B^U5
7P5/ #ZE&^XI_*?2'UVN:
M97$J#^A7V1VJECBOF+(C




MIR 0NQ.MB/C&SK16WQP8KXA42WX

E_6]*O
W6@


:C!K&T

3BQP2Q4ZYX;KD21T'2(UCV
M\XQ-

YBUC8D'F[))+2$X0?%@Y]+9G5LZ



1F@A6MNF.UN<.T-H_YN+0.C!F\M _
=


XZ(PV03;G'-\[G6N
JG,IU$)0Y,'(
M.U8-:7E%6X^1T\I?P^4.(@71B%\5Z;DU]I3Y/:7O:O+CN/*!\D!J<A!* LO'
ME6Q)72LEN?.?0?1S3T6TQS?U;SI<:7^/.=G2^G=U%*5TWSO2$[X4HLWVG\G
M0PRQ$CS0FNM?[W#A@C8WBN\U^






F#
MJQ(:
*'&;&P

MO Z9CI&ED\=C9@(UD%9#P!1B:R/B#
63W<28F&:D59PK@%&9G8Z($Q/-.

M^4I6R?#P65/']S



MLFR5A//?0?3=LR7*]Z/ZKDM7A/^
&=G0\D]QX&
N00

 US5 A2+P&2Q43&A
0P5

MA4
J V9\R7R;7!#2C90S)@2S$Y*=4&;E!+J3TMKA)SF!O#^^U;N MU).0/

M1DJW6[CHK8[47H\M)#*]J-EWBPIZ X(_7]0M*!V(/CER%!385![T+@4T?QR

S9TVO-^Y_K:74:B^^[T4Y;
M7Z/%!AG6MV*



$%     @ [#K-2'D$]1OS 0

( @ST)-N

M@:#-(7R.]E5F%%;PLZ.3]
:!83]R_FXFW^M# T9?2D3 +1CRNM*&
F2!?^

M%
B1F




YX
M;6R%5-N.FS 0_16+#UASST4$*1=5[4.EU3ZTSTXR6AM3&TG;/^^O@!Q$-U]
MP9[AG#-G+'N*CHMW60$H]


4;$WQU0WFV*!@2;_6U4B:!
MRP*/O'/-H)$U;Y RR;81NM#9A 6\*N&3GI[9+P?.7\WP8_S)@B-!:!P4D:!





*%R4V2[T7KB7[@+%


].
MX@14P



,]@[OL)IM]CA3)%(


5
MX3J!/Q$$FL W!21SC8G.0D-:/48
TR50





!#]
M%2L?@'

MI7K7/8!!GYP)O8YZ8X85QGK; R?Z2@X@[)M.*DZ
3=4.ZT$!:3V)



4B%T.T !C3LAN_#%I
M?FWIB



ZQ4^'4



&UC57XLT)BY##?$\?+JOX+4$L#!!0    ( .PZS4BI



M5483;UNWM!
UZP).=\OP$2S6H-0'O&GIA=AO ?:_MC;WKP:[L
8^V!-G0C




-P0% 08^U
I$I1#&/M#:!$$$B]N&4\=P

M]P*P


I4Y9'L

M='




M?W4KI




M_#7


+.I^;$;&^ -Y&D)NR;
T4%YK65:P]F[KLY-P[
A]JP4-W_V(''8T9Q.
MA1=QZEPHL+IB

M

CIA\




!&7P7Q &MCS$10=JPJMJ+2JN]
M:*^=Q EH#69M)VS?OC:&K$%6TQM\X)]_OC$P% 




M]-@@G@VP-8C=
C*XA

\$G_;AKW?GOT;/

  $L0   9

!#]%0\?$.MJ21E@
M)J'3:1\ZD\E#^^R  $]LB]HFI']?^4(J;440/. +9U=G]VAW5LQ/IGEM]UIW
MR7M5UNUBMN^ZPWV:MNN]KO+VSAQT;7_9FJ;*._O8[-+VT.A\
QA594H0RM(J

\.[]X+G;[KG^1+N?IA]VF
MJ'3=%J9.&KU=S![P_8K2'C(@?A;ZU#KW24_^Q9C7_N'[9C%#/0==ZG77N\CM


!^3# [%
#

MWWI'$X8

2QYD(P+PU(@!W:1C0!L


@'

B;)%.A$Z
TZP:HF+$8GYO48)6@X+3X
LXCY


M4$L#!!0    ( .PZS4@C Z@:WP$  


2+^'8#R81=$
MP91X;ZI:F03.

M0F
!*%R442!ZN


#11R2+D)




RO5_X?4$L#!!0


M+GAM;(54VXZ;
!#]%8L/6'
/1 1IEZIJ'RJM]J%]=L(0T-J8VD[8_GU]@2Q$

_!ODH
P@)^=S#*Q1P9[T?.WTWPLSYXOK$ %$[*

.-76_'T:UD_D3;)H03(;P1@OA+0C01HCL
M=LYL7]^((F4A^(CD0,QA!WL-%T9$*R-IU83;+MV9U-EK&6=Q@:]&:,*$%O.R
MQ(1;B&J)B#XA6!O8=!'.+ESX'XK^+O' M$L$#N!:-5&LC:9N38


MN6BU^[!2U8?=9X=

MY-JKE&I7&






*.T[_U457:K.^A(YS(F:I7WOV$?@N)$2PXE?:+BK-4G%TI'F+D


05/][ JZ&'4[Q



-7#NA=S!?T?-KR














MTVV@_U.SH=%)Z%V1N0D9)7'L%5J8J-R/6=W!WUHY!0T,CL8F_7; SP86;W
M


17PF#7336'L#2.^4
M XT\B9LG
C;S!M.].JA9L&GENN]I(_VEX%7=1=PXG,P7@!/?DO#^KPN
F7
MQ1'M\2]$]U7+@C7AX@A2Y\6.$(Z%Z?A%_-D/XGK3#VJ\X_)U(-ZI/O#U@)/C

M:&5E='







MCJ2VB1  )&IIW85%/LZ]BB+G%]74'7L5@;RT+15_-ZSAPSJ$X6WBK3Y7RDQ$

A&29PEX(N %(;*YCY7;446+7/ AD#TUVPF^:+@P(EHYD*.:L#]$UT[J

&C$;%Q
$F
?9CO703[
;H8!7DPYCT7NF$CGXDT(W1**;4+(

DP3+$/5;HHF& 2/V$F69A)9F6=AR'6




$%     @ [#K-2 RF

#
M#&$

+;
WMZ(*=:?K#^C0X]
M1%IPQVIA?KW=24C6C!3?:\B7':O6C+U]DJ!MDS  P%?C\EA 
A&!& -:9





9@:CMA
M^O;U#V0

M)RY:HO12G('L!265-;4


M$-T






00  *\5   9




 OPMP


^MH@'#.\SQC +T;Q;]^_:,FV?^8U%IUD^
M@2JYI5(*Y3*[A!CMPJP@QNG^VL8HSEV8#< $'YB' 8E;0*+/HP!&]',%\J9
M]@JDK2&3D9]TN0]UTVPC 5

M(P

Q0'REPT%!7 J?D$EQ?J2V-@P+M@+
QLC;&280!06(.*WTVL<\QE#3C#0A*5TL@V!



M0 I&!!6?O@A&?Q((SXA*=%$&%O+#!I!-)I2'P+--C)YM L\V$3XO96'O
M4'7 **4L


M?R8B2!NJJKVHM-J+]MI)3$!K


M[/E14B?:^\7]^]2MHC]B02I&_[1GV2C8P/?.I
97*E_9^(/
+23:\
2HF'Z]
MTU5(UBTIOM?A=[.V_;2.Y@D*YC1W IP3X#TAC#]-B.:$:)




2/

$%     @ [#K-2$$C


MH2U@Z+SQMN'ZDN$!OQJ4,^M=ZR'RG]4IT?IXT7J @(HTHH!2B;&]HCC)60
M-/XS:#XL%=%^OZN_Z=G*]$?(T9[BW\U)U#)LX($3.L
K%I^T?T?#%%(E6%'
M]1-45RXHN5

MF; &TYIZ+;U$UA]S8HRIX'229!$B?(TC4QF(.-B?/\N4DZ
4D=DVPRD]2X
MI-9




][GV#''% /CKZ*B5 9O;=.)=5A)V3]&D=A7M7B
M@?6T4T^.C+=$JB$_1:+GE!S&H+:)$ !IU)*Z\MBG'OF9<'.LJD[^LP#<6Y;
MPO]M:

68BT9%;]K.@BK
M'^CD=XR]ZL'/PSH$.@?:T+W4%D0U%[JE3:.=%/GO9/K.U(%V?W;_/BY7I;\C


];FY





MIQX[-PVD_]8(DW[IA_ZU\%&?*BX+05D$(^]0-ZAE-6D]BHY+?Q4NMB&0$(7X





RLP3B21
;DSPVR1V3W&S%

M%SD@'S;# 66.3V 

MGM!O2$]UR[P=X6(LJAEV)(0CD0Z\B+^N$O?;N
'HR.5R)M943WR]X:2[7F#C

M='

RYX;6R55=N.FS 4_!7$!ZPQ]T0$*1=5[4.EU3ZTST[B!+2


<-$[5:



MN&!$Z546+82&Y)C.+ ]Q/


L$/_.#
MYYL2@





U2KZ Q4LY]7/\B0+
M!1OZWHF=Z;62;[S_RL82B YXY)48KM[Q*B2O)XOOU?3#W

MC@9X-P#\7P

[4/G=E32+.UX[XF6ZM\)K)6\TT%4
M9$\




Z:
MM[&5!A'B_)BY+8(11H])D@5)8I
@YQI*9GV)XC!T+J29#&R_/^,;&?+(@)



M



MY_6NQ%;A!+];.JA@#BS[48@WN_A9[2-D$2BC)VT3B!FNM*2
V2!3^.^8^5'2



P)V)3@

AV7
M]&)5IZ3=$VC4P

=)B9B/$PZ#!S
M.0[2858BYHYP&I5:J6#+


UJLZ4%0'DNI(SA
QU8&0I]6LJF:P







MYLY6R(YI
Y6[1!TD9YLAJ6L32-
BZ5C3QW4UK#W+NA)'W38]?Y:1.G8=DW]6





MY_%.F5W2/D^ 2P)

MIE%E5D]U08LJ.5FA2\R8LKJ-(5-$8M0_+0&QFPXWZ7 _G5[3L[%#ZG18WA?(
MK@)T%

8

\P]
M) #14@BF_6?S1'UH:3 M=@QUS)#[2.28-@^FQ7LH6OC0%O^E36[VSQV7N^&8




5:




MB2.96+\MNDV0.*8E]YJ6.@K2:Z8EVK342/0;!EGN0RU-%((8 !^J
E$0X1DI
M9X[BS/)LQD;+'
J]I%BA+O4R5!2)PQ@&'T%5L


+6.:SR#(G/=

PS4?X:]P7DZ^O8K2\(6*:1&130






MXMX-AA3$:1M-H]K%3M8?=
$R=!!9S%3M/]]VMC0VW+:G()MO/.S#
C?TQY
MI=

 ;L


M7K\3G4



CS 

G*0D87L#5
C*PQ$7F)+A-T]
MI8%-47['GLH=VMRD1=[2U;D)DJ#4FU-CJ0!*W8.H@2U9GA7Y;6;L
&.+.?$R

AX




M+GAM;(V776^;




MXK2

\!V E()K)Q7-\J5:T6O3A%\E -JPT/6MX/273F
M2([9^FFZ]

U'9%'0

MDM*2L-L8N8.1FQ@T]6+D1A_9%0Y3@W%Q&X0X(
0 2\(,3K1NS#SDI@BS$C
MTE 'A5HHR(MS3DIO

 UP;5-R /L&TQ3!+BR 2U1E@7


V-*$ WX3P'70
%V4.I'

MWQCC#F7RE;

MZ/'


MG(;UDIUFRB2QYHP+%]Y1UK]YLP%PTJ'
MXA+)3A!\LB1&(P@ BAANVK L;.Y-E 6_*MJTY$T$\LH8%G_VA/)^&\;AF'AO

M



M965T.3

P$(9?!7%OP6

I$HCM:#5[F&E:@^[9YHX2K@+)F


MK.NB_??

MQ/?JXF/Z+IOQ^S3]DH8JS!X *@ N 23^

1-<;



M21P
F^@^8#7)#&S=HTI![\FIJ&0U,&Q%71VMS:J3'*1:[R'5Z6VF31:F
M:.1B#*ZG@-!H3PAO;4\P?06(0WLJ2-UJ^[
#
1 EUIN0(\JA:@F7G!H305=
M[F%L?SHCS/YDGD'F]9J.=2A-8'B=6+MN Q1A


YJ?BV

@(  
$&

!#]*XA[%S!?

M+BB9**Y#X(=^-NWP[/6;E3_2[ 0P$L!


GK-D]4Z\ZY*:
2  ;
W





M31?&?&OE_P%02P
$%     @ [#K-2.5WUS

M[)R=X 1J




%UH('?DR)2ZD(BOT?<%S(GCN
M)X+X14\=P6#8)0E(JU$J!7I;25R.R.HE#[1-AHYGQ9$R () :^0A3L)P KO

KINB*A2G;@B2RE\W!A0'H;!BZG;*
M-0VC.2D



M**SXMW=L:!\%G!34$O5H2]34$K7EC+1E& P'BH-06#&U1(T\AB;1QW1ND6C
MZT:=16-G\=]*,!2J&P.*.= V(7?HU+[

M1^S&C[

M?9;N;C^.V6O=?ITWW\O^]+G_41?GZV'Z[41_]3]02P
$%     @ [#K-2 ][





D$YT)/0]B-CKS(!R1 IP'LLT82-
C*
(4&5F S$QG
M?(B8(V._


=28*


M/^S'PTMZ(K_2ZI25S'JC7


.]J+H]](.1P

GN#*FCH(H!+0X;;WR\+,O?R8#=)VYZ\

MJOZ

)T769FRUR)XCA[C$$;#%ICLC7&BDXK$7*V[$-
O
'$:TR^BUF)4/B)34LV
MF&2%B8)=3++&P




M8_U

MO5%9!#(
HZ#




M8AQIP+PBC-!SF T#L_T(\V&R$4DV0LDFL]

MRS%)/$:)IX\=)(11R5)&I22#=.I A;/K/
7H5#X.(D(2I=O_)F$8&A:5K$
MTE*%I%E(1K$(I%-.'*!QD

X0JJ&X&%$S&Z4DA*EN'2DJ4@64@D

M.?\I-%T]O7CUJ&PDDHV6\ZN'&HUBL572/B.QNN;;.09I8
2A$I0)AR?)8IY0



M D7T#WLP.=$H37WL

M^\.1@[7.M-F%G]J)/)EL?W\HS



VE;64IKNWZ]D
M20YG.E;IEUA2SAS.A3R\S5_+_8_JJ2CJR:_M9E==3I_J^OEB-JONGHIM7KTO

[7VV)7K<O=9%\\7$X_





M#.66M-ZSKF
=NN7'O


8E5$H-E5)=CU'(


M;$X8I1
J;4BE35QIDG;;5=K$[?@ P%8Z1AFCZ

MI1/@P++1Q3 9C*-=KQ_(:6S9-OIZ#R)SJ/HV$ZR]+$_6T$TD9 ;:340 HR
IE1( O4;$L97
L)B\03GJAZ6)GB#&-+QOC&XF12KW$6I^2)Z!:#^=K/5MAS&M
M[U
#L3I#8
A)'H.,VG#UNE2!^*/'G<=MCCN<E1K*)P3#C#-LM
M5X3-^I3^H:A0*W0 Z44*!Y#\*3@_?W3YJ51_A0ZE:*'$$/Z
(KO?2N$4EJD
4+D:QAW*K$Y1PVZJS!HM9WW*H-&2I$W+L].F



D_/Y?OE


M K&]C'47:*342 1!Y*)N3 J!!$G=FL9HSB,7=2=12$\K*6F[JTE(8 4NK '
M&R-X6%&-/=H!H# *7=B3Y1I)J#-GSR:%(P*P,X*%B840)Z'3M:5EC0*PQ&5
M)H-*$Z/2Q-AD7UN(!MT6_;C;Z



OR3K-&

JVU6UMX;%_*@TAPI-IP+)B
%%_(9L)
?#/T@9QNA+JF\KO01




M;#*9B]UKVF(UH^(K;-OOR#:06*F]J8GN_X^TX#9 -E[[PB1#@?;=/QO5L)
QJ&T\!$#DM;CNW#P;UUY9GM&+
M:.J.O#*'7]H6LW\OI*'#WH7NO/!6GRNA%KP\\VYUI[HE':]IYS!2[MUGNM@
MJ2CXG=-!FZ



M.BW^T

#@[OL?JW

H\Z[*:-*@4?-B:M:HC 5_J?$DPK%&BF
MT--G9%+$\+Z!/QL$VL!?&/A+R$2WH36=A@0H1M&:K#!E
 WC8$
_@843&#@A
M2NX;A%8@X:.!1!9!]%4@D0XD


EB;+AX@P6THH#PT2P@LBG0AC0FT13'
M:AH+R98X['T+S8T;^ELL CN.X.$X0ILBW'!\3+=*P+(#^'J^;'0I1 &]O;W
MC!.ZQV?R[-SW7'G0(4\[


M:&5E='


WGI)RVVI%T7)(=)H#LF9





M^JHK8S; Z H%[9A^$?TW&(ZPLH*Y8
I]4=XI+?A(P8C3-S_6C1M[O[*.!]HR
M(1H(T40(UQ\2XH$0WPG)AX1D(3O

W!I18PR

O6?+=
M3_'5'68T&)V8TPP(+!6GSTB]-[3PQ$]G#M@/T9$LY##&+**/C<1]28BEV<T

H0[S.A]:74RL+M[]


I=\&&Z-!PMJ%Y!)/X



\
PQ @;QE_$R7&$KQ34HNU5TK9

T8$PP(J-1GIP@]
MEQZ.Z'&4S$VQ'6

-]_6L3W

M*

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$P-2YX
M;6R-F-F2FSH0AE^%X@&=L&4QU49[\NI2N7BG&O&EI<*BP-XG+S]$0C;DJHG
MX68




(C 1$
M36P*H\3.QL*FCIFD+(:HF4
1ZM?24'
G)$988@A;N!BG?D4-MG0G0)A@$+9R



S6.G1J#N_<MMN)X
M.[?]H=L6V$&^$ Q24Y?R9]53
Y?%*3F+N4_RGMJX5*PU=(+&(/4RK.DU][






MY?Z;_L7R7J57.-VA](=FT-U7-3NY7[YN[S;8M9#!L0_!W=NR/VB)_]45=_Z
MA[]V]TO1



 G (P-D!- 2HV0$\!F@4D8^Y#Y1[S-E^OZNJ\

M0AXI)



MMP&NT$ 5FI9R?@C)) 
\$QKA_H#+('C^


F4J@JB-C[)1ZX++,T18
M4V#R#%E8#GU<!Y01A@6X.X6?M:? )1 B#KX#C6<#\5TJAWQ3R?7/HQPIRAN




MB^SG;E5O&[=D$JS
.CUF]8_B]&*&
8@VX++(JNYOL#Q6=9&?)9
@3W_WO[M]



1C'F%#/YH

]LN^-*L4)1BT@I37'J 100A#I
M89D[ECG([0CV(WO/W.KG+RZY:Z?'%@!3T?_&UF


$#WZ 'Z)9IZF6:_KEIYIJV*^G(]CPP?3]HBYN


DTEL(LNDCFUZZM ]H
M






3 X+GAM;)V7VW*;





MB1$DO@)F!


M07)M
PQCB'FTF3
X=A*80
W;')<X&S['C&:<0
M]&1#GS#F'(RUB)TL(9\W1C*RG#B66@YL;I!H%^;^*2
P';A..][92.OS'G+





)VN9O--PG2ZG
U'R



3Q8DS5 WL DU**Y2#3PH8$12\SC4
MF*29Q7:JH4(G)?50$G2YL[KOK+F
N1Z.E0SEDQ?@;Y48(85*%.NP(+++CK

@
P
P$R7'.) &]&-;5%1IQ6DF1&9&8=F


MS;7SG-


C*JN*Z6XJD P!AK$42DU+Z\OQ9RC(KRY*:D-V8ES*


1J

!=IX$);U*:D)VXJQJQ4#[GJ(71D4
MIZ'1)H!F\%T/R6LTIQW
7FURA._;&;+WFXK1



MP L-U!!'
/6B$&G$PMJ\8)P 64Q8*QC4L@*8S=C?LYB.5C*X927H.*LA#$BK
M&.BR$P%I

+DM601GU?-9 !I]/NGN8S)9!YJ4UP!C
M71(%%=YTV-
&#Z4J:@$PQNVHR

DG8^$




M24U(:%M'L6B^/#F6ODS-LJ0F)+2MF)H^N]/2CVMF&Z4?UZ*D)B2TK9B]GK/3

 $#YS-E3!QZSE@=H?LSDHW1\+$G96
MD1K@UG-Z-0H@W(RY& 6
M
#P=Q?!E&;TLBRIRI*:D-#=P2YQ8+C$BV#ID0
C



O$+2 A
VXA8N9&S@%@!-N^

XY8*\JQC!PA142TE$
N$9F&
-)-^HI!#:#^5+@

0


M@@6ZOI#?'V7B^K+]Y


$



(N-N5J.[^ZV/_V;7=U


MNJG6ZSY3=^2_QZ3OQ^P#P\]3]MO]Z7;R?Y1-=5.O_UH]M





/LITN260D

MR6?-/N%NF.[=S&RZ7W]=93*[6/SJ
XW
$'(=
E9*CEF&S#NQZ3P.F.CP%!
M/'!'N &D@F4^A8SFB




M9\%AV'/*0^)

G##3XP1&HN.MQ9X
MV2%FP5!_G'2'F+8 )D4XD+HCD;

$BPZ-I&
M=MWG! 2E!%^&
)A9ZU/\35HZT2R:)G%5U*_D Z- %_0)/8[R/G[TY?
AXY

N^EZ%1

.

YM2CH'Z
M ?X1WK
X25/S
1[ YA7GC)3[^T;'E:M@)AS@N3
O$ Z#  &@9VJER/T*$?


MH4
!?U.?(RQ&%8A**72*MD1*HUG
]IU+A5LBNN\W24:4XXMFH7ZW*5+4F!0R


R


MD2Y_^W+((73S;5[FG_/E4SNZ]?M^WP-L'AU\
[6Q^A?W&%_'XMS^\D\_M2
MGA?#&UGOZ:\N7LJGZH]R][3:-K
?==O6F_VK+8]UW5:=:O&AJVC/5?EP^+*N

$%     @ [#K-2(Z&DJ 0
MLP






@2 .G- *P#\$< N1E = !Q J)Q
M*

MXOL&L4

'6 J07L=$-'

*28)!E



M^A26RDJ?Z\SN5P%:GP4RX_
*J5M3]-
UY:Z;

B

MXW?^5!3KX-?5



&01_QK\$+^4G[O)HT62/@2SE]5=MBQ_6[QL
MUDTM;_(<IWH=/V7YFII81^M-92=^CBL?20L_9DO8_BA_4Z399Q7'KO(RI]H
MGZ=)



'Y2B?7
1SV9(YDAH_6D$RR+(XWD
;=PMXS!(

H@*_@%G
'PVCHP=P/B&T6#S%

MC80Q%9N[(EDD46W[\7T
2[L(UM&O

M_P[.J%@303W&RT40K8-UOBDJ9^DF6\

]EZ]?PN!IB7P:QX!;_(3-
/%;X
%
M4










4R[O@\LG%+V1

Z7_PKJ
5%[0T$8D12Z$O0[K;^L:'.(U1E\.GH\4J24E5
M1;4^



M+8&@1VSRE_IO2Q+BV38)L?RAEXL41N9H-?TW%

T^Z/2'1-)B6
M%KYA\

M*%A%OXP4N4/:.QTAS BCC?
*Z**6R/






YD(C-.(]W4LT',.]GZMT7T5@M;ZD*2H9N$ Z^SW6]Z-T5E3
M_]8,[0*D%Z'9$M^\!R8/@S:N\PK%&1D.;:Q&SI+-).U#.0,YR/JM8;#B6 &0
MD3NML?[%9S59[G*).6Z'I+K;R)1PV,Z!@F;K]KMZ=)R#O)4OBC6+3VZTPT^

8VM1A7\A0(8)O]S^R_L^65^^_ZP_3B



4Q

F#D#B'
MVX[X9B$FVJ?L&48&PT;NLEE&=L@H40+3T:

UHC&Q[Z8FGG#






\F
MY_OD;E/ R2H*V$YG1^WT]]]2N7NHFZ8]_UJ&%M(G7M]?X NZILSE'5
$5!B\
MBY-?*
A




MJ+'?.F()##4WL7O(^:A-)#!TP\AJR!1Q+M'\

5C%45H()P0
M3G7$.E388&XDQSF@P*R,$-:


'=P3LCSB[:)W%
M;8E

3

907=@E

H([9?_D 4=3-9J



5L$G%-

M1].
6+/R#2X'&E\T7!G17D282&-81<@H-







MGU;


IJK]LTB
JRN






\&Y++9C9*P=%KH9A%[%!;S];!

S1#
FL8&YCX.9)



#*9N4



4T4\W
MJ-(1$Y)2R&SF#,N'+U_CV.1

T<F4^7-NJ_ZI.;F*Y<(4YLLOD






M;J^Y/U5O:_N



M3;RAYJXPW(
CE:0YPY1KKBT-:N+[
%DO8V.1E=.$8H\5L$S8O]E^:T(C8C7Q
FA5+'- &4JNCW-[*

*AG+L1&VLL'@%
M.61!8HB@(V27L9@D\AK:0

4U9IZ8

RK8N9

Z
L@&R#5X4D-Q6A!!\G2[;Q :




+

K3)M.T6'LH]%Q]
3*




M*0)5:B?*





^W=)2$?RNF[3#K%JN#A


MKI
CWH$OP$)_;-5C-M9^B*8#=(;RN7#RQ-P8$['


XQW FZW@)XIJ



M-!K2@=T@1N9WN9OD50
VL+;BDBSIISA9QY]=X(7#OT(?BRA[XT O_-P*3FW8


MLYUV9MOHD@DJ$29T4&P\EK1 LP-:N62&+JH%KZPN!U\*:S??J)S37+=*W(CQ

M+KM#=47P/N!*E!P&2L3WG]RDU6=I5CQ



Q#G17958?3_V2.A'[P3DUUC%K0&H.




V


M5)YG=YE1JIU!R$&%Y8TX7C4W=A4CC#%8RZ%)Q7

MA9&O SFQ)%8[Q$+7I\MEHKMLL];E^QK>D]1P'F8V#FDN

MSL_G$AS4N+:JN;D-V


MJGE/L5#LV/I'[0G+8B XQHIKA5PS58N U%14B#3S5&CA^K+U$;1QQ 5?G ?H
ML



M=J'D



HP0W0'
M? 7G-TF-P/
K=U)&OC:WR3VNI
KE'IDH*P^DG+*XN&
[\NK-LIWH
/WJ3J(G



M51#A9WJ T28C?A$#XF

?EY1E!BIRM'(!;']3;X;@Y*X

M%.BKW
GZ]^A@PL*%0TRN7/%[4
_^Q
-&K6;*8:H9:7#:=G9*(D6D @7-;M=]
M69%[/


M*1BX#7

MJ&5:W4


V+6U^VMX
M=L*X68R+A)YFIDGLV.FW$E=]&#$VH*S)&Y**
[WYC..OIID[!RVAW*JH\L[B


M\X0W9LK6T[]RT

M3Q1ZZ@#!*J^T3!0E[UI8JM?!J-TQ__;#47=X4


\VC+(7CAL#YR?G;#=;R
G=^1/R\_A
=S7#]!


M8$]:!MB@N:*M_2[+/M=!WI@#K1 [1*F&\RCXB.]WX8#1)/#ID;.IGHA8ML


M
I1H/B9U71).(LF 




_3T88&5-8

MKG

8]OL(@VC3F\8#D?CH#


M+2(.;9/^I0 

?M:$:F/JX$B X;\K5M#JN

MPGLPKK(ZZ1BP(!X#0F(3*N6RX,D4YS8N!WFQ?%4S !DM'\

VPJ#+XD














MI


=IKI:?:* AC#&ZH:^2MLW(HRI@@9XP3H^&EO+L9;J\G




1YS2$BEO%CMP3=L



5H\^LSRV


SYD]%JS0Q!5Q5$ ZY!)#D)!
CE
M9'I+Y5





M1\.P/1Q4V@W1G08?E!QJ

R(U%*7Y(<CS;-$:


8L#9N5_/@;^ GRI/_ _GL#Y


M(/3GF*BA1;QJ1C%WEFG!AARG$$XZ:&GI=L/Q\30%#,')Z]X#(5
!1POR
MZW4ZP3@



M%/SEE


#-

M



 *
FO^(
/!M:GL<XJ7F7AJK_*





M$C2I

TFT15%
MM%R8J.92N#!3@UD+
6$4F9BG%U[#@T39SMP3!1TBG(BTCO2B_57H5.2=
L.=A86-SW&5UCNMJ%4M9A!*.M_II_#Z3PM[N?*02

[DU)3^G#N:]$:QZ'I:'5\R/
M)F0.
U]%% %4OKPQ@/+FY_*G
STPMZ@B^&= ^/[<,M5RDX!;U+ PDZO%W;[
M'7@%HQZ'!TWE^'KA8##!&)^^ILU( Z^AB6$X;F/,=@=&/AA.@DM7E.NT-8L8
M,47O$ P0B9*38:GX^Q,!=\
E -(S?:ZEW+
LGT:=N8\ FUMGCC!!(XYG/
'
M
N99[VC7C5U!KKC)O461@X!UXO'4TT^)Q*C




M9XXBA'&@VW+KP[2I#$52TC^6Z*PG!I9F9H8V=]M9%F=!W (Z*!0EM7OMP6+I
F.Z
_
(B^OC![W&3WZ&X1

EM$-

M$1'OZEI3:(U.$OLGEK5F*X1YM$7R@(


M#FX(OH1TP-4CL9G

MRX%+'FJ7P1LQ(H?[JC]R^XU NE-!/9A/XX[2.#J;\B!\6 ,0K?-@F2;O0K

;@]=I4PZ@7: 4X4&OA#)\XS-B.0H%JLD[#V
M*L.4H(TB8.H)A=SC,FKX*9Q+6]I%6)];]EO OBC'VK%E$3'X10FHY*GH/ERO
MX460C<Q G1 O&SL&T.2::;Z)Z\V(0G(V-<EX;'F :V*10:Q&BF WC*8S*Z
MDSC'+C0[:_[]D0*$74BD-:+GVUG9BX 2:39+=:;-LE5<$A*(E)!T##WK#L3+
MA/W3C]V3?.-P#LHTBK

K'.
%8
M@%\2$)LI

M
L)(+J5TT\5@Z)N?*:EE_D24S?A'RK;?AY16?)LYP0_++,[W3K5)@YG:&)Y
MC)+*'$LOZW,(B3TG5_8QGJ/CK%C%R.VOWV]P4SHX JZS!P4CJOHB9!@M[VJ
MNLU/


MRB@.RVRL- 
C0BG#Y( VFIFZ?[!#,T,=^EV#6
?UJ3II2'PK*&;U=2-?


L!?.F%_

MA 5#NP7B4S&E![?Q2AN1O'I#?L'I\+XS:IK& Q)Y$9W3&[ L/A9
*_=-OH
@?'[+%)7+-PA*O$%-P)AWUJ%REG0*\Y4Q&
M 1X3AU]C5[([!;[512K&MXC\<4#2$?KV7.8CT9 :J8?L/W25AS'HP:7;C?L
M]3H!2 P')SP3=
N8L9OEP3(C^/]HT$=GY2*FH @2X-?QJB!X






T!


:KO]-&PG
&)=@8
IQ1
MV)M



MUS%JSK Z.==K^I#N'

Y:
5LAN D
M

[&.BG A!S4[P*ZE0LT&K0JW@RE/(Y

MBD +.0I_VPA^AMK4O6.;5&%;!YX3NZ3*QX[



:\(Y(1%831HPZ0&'/I!/$_96O1.M^BXD]+/O -H&XH/XWY=0'





:L$F(@7
M*


M)
W'23G?L#1WP)C<.AG73
MWZ_=U^B0H3=[,S$ AO*_9UL9*'\W6\\:5CH<HZ2ER








EP8[U)D C$/TUI@YE%

EY^ ; !K.-8-:AWHE#8DPC&NL?M\V
:ECYV%W=/KV[
MECSP4?L/&##91Q)5( M._)2E=U6/\EZ^$-H'%MT''
JP-SV[HJPQTK4#?A




MXJ\]AACLA

MM!W7#U?/=$B*H];T/)6:GC@*C

/6)E;:U3*MZX+E 3UA5^&.HV!
MZ^2?V7D
366NV#C9Q
M2+ADU\($)PMB1X9IC4A6C'<#@EHV5]8,C;E6\\AA<F^]Y!4R'


GRRYV

M1J) -P1;L)'@1) FFM




VV%_
MBZ


N-A
E;'BN%HE)'R


W:NRD%6!)@[]2B9/VPIR


.X66*%1WQ_38GX^=OG:+
M#A#GVG-.</Y38\?_8]!UAF=*T6NLX(-V7&Z7&+'3I2)Z=/T[((*O!Y_/+N8
M



MKJ

<11D6.8%
@$?H







3TI-D?+(6\/:#P5R/GZQ

QM1M&(OY0C:E&XR7O_@O4B%^G$?KA!T\\
&RTGA+T(2-+&Q
MR4A*49HN!A-QIFP!J$'X&P(F&0QZ\.R)(C
;
-A2TG-G$H[AFA[A:835!&XS

M/3/@XUI[[GX+#2=BV*4T&UAH\GQTPR&F_?TV0A+.MDN



=K/U@QH.4\J#^7WJMZ-4A


M8+N4HZV_?-W1KIN#/1;FMX:Y#';

W5R$7^DOOVDC\(33







MMF543KF.C+^5:LLLV


M$PPZI6&&I9VDM&])V5_;Y NG**Q)'4D7Y$E&!W^HX%%V(BZ,=R1 U^DOFY3S
M_$UL.([0<4(ZFVJ=!#/;:BECX*#?A+?-;EZ*,D@SS*V.J2SNW,U0#8/09YZ

^.*HVT.
HH=*<%*I()U0X@T0A:$@CXY8F




0:M0$Z'K6_V@X92O 4S#M)/YT[

X97\44E;8V-5-DQ ;&L*1T%B:X




M;_Y&

VZ(*S^=EC] 4
MRG]3ME&4?D;0)3I]
5FYI;(

:ACL



M5#@'&K/QG


/R5 
I%IG(


N';UM1.NV5EN8)TIW








MVU&%[QY3:76I\Y&D;*V 92@_]T
K:'JT^8L\EFU25 V9@#B8S#OD_[8E
5F+

;G6#@N=+D+F.:MRV_D&
:KZ ^!8OE-0


NJ9V9GC
M7P&PA65XW6\-*_)




JY!C&[CO=
@3^
*+4IXE*;PC\2
M62[4MCWI2)318K



#_++SJOR)$42+))/]


M@?X5*68UG-W[7,QE% @]8:$_)(.[87@ID?ZMW?[UH0/D9!5
M+7M]YJ#JA






M@D8M-YL:*'&NN%8G% ,PQQ$8*X*IU&;]:5^@5R]]7I+ 1TU8(P34K#@I!;



?FU@W2B
ML




M7 ?$OS6@8V 0I]4C-H0!_N:]1.IP1\;UC#E26NX4LPA2$M@9O09?*D=8'N
MI2Z0MJ5
W@5]+LB+#D)+!!TAAXW%'I/7T ::ZL6^KXHPN]+
I&J]XP<0;5GQREKC.DDV09O%RFA7H02Q9Y(



1U!=26CH8.6^M+F##G)U5BV LS_M.+BI
M/1?


M9_20Q[%QSGOJMF&=]*#+P@DDOSIE?\94!#*R=5?*P=\.*J288*![Q'*F^NVA

Q2



M5!FIAPIX^L9U_P(8:6!CB2#UOE6LH=$=MIVE'$PFQ_0^IBOY6*M#6KKW%)

T2%\V&V+C+'&24L6;4-
M%S4-Y!F@_F#3V;*Z?2#=#O0ZJK2RHE*+V $OKIB






MXC\P*]Q:4Q:EY2/+PDKM59 EEKXZS# HR++0#SCT(#%&)4\46 *A63(H6B$+



U%-CGZ&9SQ

MH?GQ7$R=&!L;=QI



M5&/B/YJ?SDY#@T.C^1(&KW.4(J ]_$YA]
W]J4@Z$$]4 \
YY$B!/-P2X814

6=\9T3P_%E

M'?\@LGFG:HWZW#$=9


MI:&

MKSR?2GM0%W[+
)'65/%[AB\D#VL1L33D^B@C7^


M
B_X_@04



*%U%(*

MCW(B64B^O.I'5M2@K%+
;BV6ZQ8IZB[64KX\&6&1+40
V@)IFLV/A 51


-QJIO'IJCQ7
U)DWD^&12%2W



%&$T3P




MBZ%/*7)U+JHJNYVO;;F\7)&S&JN1




:RQ5
M&6:

?BOGW9(FQ

MPP%BHQ'.5OAL7
+N=OT\@T/QB9[S%JAG_K!=8K?$COP1A5&4V]-
=TWSI&*2
M2=AJ9L;O*&P43JP65?O@ ZN1W!LZI"@7%=:R\+0WV)A2W:#3]I-KAKG%I

&A=8QP33%9I2T@I;



M;6IE$9!*N]-LB.3O8/C[*XB%]]
U/E'FY^M^+B8XHT$N0*'-FO02 \?(DBS(
MXO0@RDR#. 

ZK]DRBJR]W*,6Z7W!=N[QKG0
M6C'];(J?#M[
W8U<GBZ^_$
MCNX9Z'?]H3'$3U%RY=S3.TS3=J-G9S]B5@XK]KB$+5K+*EHEM#.P[R3!ITF

%]<!U@A8)@B#))7KT,G:0;N5BC4H[2@


6.5_=

M9\K*@_\&1ZJX2MRSDGUZE]/Y@@YU#Q9MBM30 GI@N90ASTFJ[W^+ 82_XH\4




A$GV5K+K9*0B_Z6T+B@\R],&$;7X
M(Q=_ .&*/R+Y1RRSL%8SCDM$*6B%L5B:DDY0H)6E22P%.(LB58QME6A'J,G&
M:'/4:C$%X\*V2#S]J&ES\78(O%IM&EWK;!6:&)-?:NT(A[Z__D$Q833X+O3
M9K

L1@LD4X+;Q.004S_^3__M\Q%B)(DC$&B
M1&B\P#UET !@H68Y*DI=+V) 4#J):!P-]%=$
'



=\CNL9]

MZR:@\N-@1V-

M677

M3OV_L8L#]YG 
V['H+4^4.:+#;R&TTS2[\G!D'?(RHY1E61?;-)*&[)MA7I7

(XZNQ:UVZ18LEJJY
MW<Y50V:29)B&T +#MU-K/R)0O:,T;;@-T.#I5@NT 

Y





MZ
W*WB'FI%\2J'%:-6U0WG)


M)NO''=**



PJ]S4..0B+Y\%[
WA3512[]E!8OX
MLT2 DT!X+
.Y\HWL.K(G5&2!2$08(NBN)TY#99Y:2^?',]I/;_/ 7)R%\#R
M0=\:_04&/O #=GQ&R(]NQUVP$9K2FPKB#XSI*,@Q8VT/TOCYMCL]CK\);@8
M7'5!!8 S?-Z==(.CVZON[?E@TC\_KB7T_KF=KC8$LVP1BQ5TLON. R8R([
M6K#!UB&L%IO@C':D=B0!5NI7RQ@7E0^HV]S!(27FM2B.1Y; FC#F4
!U3&
MD BNGH

L
M@!
 %(W



[7%6E

M@J%@R2:=AQBE@ 9&X


M=
V#8ZO18*L.2N5Q
*)PQ?O4TM+:.TC@:AN\7Y\/QC?78[ Z4'[=GHT'YX/N






*$Q^:4J9Q+7GTE=A((O 0#XFF]_


MO5^V1@V\7]\JJY4N7CWT:





!QGIRQ0
M



N-42;!
M





MXJY146H36J ZFHYIZ









3[@
?

5G6

M'LROZJ




MQE)CM!'K'BRSMM;QIDB[YRR.7V:$VG$_7]UOGS'Z#ROQ3R [U2$Z5+&(+2@W


YQ/2)RA@=(244TS)U*TF]

 XRU9G)85OKQ?U'2BOU
M1FE-U










W?W#5/ZOMY=1N

M\]LA$!H
?J%@@DW1A
 5TQ6#B7 0X0@HX1P(%+;\K MTT.N#J=^';3\D\'TN

U4/T6ART%.
)G&(VTZ\O L1AX%SN@R .


M/5]K7MXMY:*[;W7;^.YU3WE+WV]ZIGO=\=O@8GC]_J S38FICT_+3];!QM(H



ID9^U:YU
V4_O

!1FN3DIR=&Y

Y-D?O$XNWL$B4WV6&^Y%BC-_9(\*09;7#X^
M
D;6'R+\K=N&5LRDSXXIWQSL]61NK!=SQ_)7AO'_LEYO?OPO4$L! A0#%
M  @ [#K-2.Y@&J6G @  5D   !
              ( !     %M#;VYT96YT




M Q0    ( .PZS4B97)PC$ 8  )PG   3                2@.  !X;]T

C]*6V: @  1 \   T


M4$L! A0#%     @ [#K-2

&UL4$L! A0#%     @ [#K-
M2)R#1EEI!   0A0  !@              ( !RD  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='
O

4
M #L.LU(^@(/$JL$  F&0  &               @ $[




M Q0    ( .PZS4@-J?3LW@$  +@$   8                2D]  !X;]W

4     #L.LU((B7GMZ(!  Q




4     #L.LU(TYL*8*,!  Q P  &0

M Q0    ( .PZS4C1^9%FH0$  +$#   9                5-*  !X;]W


ML0



4




M A0#%     @ [#K-2&4X
I*A 0  L0






4     #L.LU().QZ[J(!  Q P  &0

M   ( .PZS4@:\R?%H@$  +$#   9                7U@  !X;]W;W)K




4     #L.LU(!0@LGZ$!  Q P  &0              @ $N9


M



R+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .PZS4@G=GSDHP$  +$#   9

S

M%     @ [#K-2%HDYF*E 0  L0
  !D              ( !:FT  'AL+W=O


4     #L.LU(+2#N2:0!  Q

U+GAM

  P.   9                2%Q



X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (

M971S+W-H965T



YX;6Q02P$
M% 


M:&5E=#0T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .PZS4BP11LQOP$  'L$   9


M:&5E='


ES+!OX


M.2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     #L.LU(L4

4







M=#4V+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .PZS4C@PGW-9@(  $H(   9

M[#K-2

M='





2YX










4     #L.LU(DU\NI](!  S!   &0              @ $BQ@






00  *\5   9


  'AL+W=O



M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .PZS4@Q)8[D20(  8(   9                3C8

4     #L.LU(;GT^_#P  !V!P  &0













M:&5E=#@Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .PZS4B$XC1EU (  $L*   9

M  @ [#K-2

+_-0A P  4 T  !D              ( !0O

M:&5E='



R0%  #='P  &0


  )4





MC&R04  %$?

M4$L! A0#%     @ [#K-2-JY-7(J P  H@P  !H              ( !SA
!







M970Q





M:&5E='

#




M4$L! A0#%     @ [#K-2'_9Y#G& P  91   !H              ( !/R !





M970Q

  !H




M4$L! A0#%     @ [#K-2(H$GH;K!@  ]R8  !H              ( !_#H!





M970Q



end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

      
      

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

      
      

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 TAX RECEIVABLES AND OTHERS (Schedule Of Prepayments

      
      

 TAX RECEIVABLES AND OTHERS (Schedule Of Prepayments

      
      
      


      
      
      

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

      
      

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

      
      
      


      
      
      

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

      
      

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Credits

      
      

 Credits

      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001571049-16-015941-xbrl.zip

#$V
#
S
2YX
M;6SLO?ESX\:2)_[[1
S_@.WU[K
C)#7!F]VV-]0ZW++5DIZDML=OO]_H*!%%

M?Y/]\Q-U+#0]

M!OY/;T:^/WGW]NW+R\N)-W4WT4G?3KF7-0:#?.-O-DFSM?$S?B$^H.V9VU
MQENX_




:M,J)GU/'Q-]]XP'T?;*&P;__TL;UY0W$^NF-O/G+Y9\77VKF
ME].)^P7TY+%6^R+^[_'V2\/\\@GQWYOA[V\BD\GL
?&GT=_$@E^8=78-+I D

MG:+GX]=#HJWH 79W@^E&_(/JJOHE^N3;A!!_+E2J7WY'=H!@U$YMF[Z U?5.



MJQ\L]LEO$YOTB2]H

GM&3C0]4PY9SK!6K8
6Z]4?8/5C% E_];CF[6JL6:=6#

SZDZHRTW!-3
*[
']

7ON'JG#+6=;:M9G_N[RO
_I6&_\#S+CKM416=VJ\
ADX@E*D;^Y4+T$OQ8G5#[
-!


JQT96IB\
M2Y$?A8
9?&A%*&B-^D^V2+

M20!/ 1%^0@X:\JGY







MT$&-P+D;!
X]UBZ-P*F'_Q7D773:HRHZM5\9#)U *%


5#+]&X-2*$
L':HQ:B$P505@K):;=8Y
MH
9IRITI7<3GJU@;6YS:!#WK V0?0%QKTY 6&Z0X.X
MOX+A3Z<[KAP6-WQB7H':!,5Q;O=@09J9_^!V9!6NM)ZLHR=B/0#L^)[JQ6S



J)$'R(4G]=^65Q6!VTG)NHE.AZJ^OD


ME1_- LNL3JUG[/K$8W9072AS(3XSVF552\WG^]44/6EPI#V:\FN
J\8ZJN)1





MSXP^EF!DW\@X&.^'M0K)CDQ/@OXR3$[OV(R-85$F1\Z
7P

C&#%9T9G
MW9G1V^+


1
M:AF]2.;MO^V'5-?.G59&JE\ ?83OIIW:-GV!'3K8

MXP%V76P]HF^GGH?WI99R-8YC]=BKLUZ*ASYT50NO7E(7EA$XVH@[4 U;SK%6



\.75I)%2K()$MBK 9+?%J38^CI?621[/1
.!B]_+[1]^X#]
M6J


M1+'3IGB?M/;@C.\NM%;;VB*U=@6
Q

_


_.!/Z*N@FY&@@\'.I^I+;E73-C\CASN
+D\STDCSC.^SV

:*!AQSK

*TK!?;/HD
MYJ_$XWV /O



M$1HA[



H-@2Z^



N\!M_[IHZ%G7XK4_(^7H[&+!G



MN$

M' IQZ^R)19FO$R*:2G*C=6*E=!443_E3*$RF#E9@R)'!]2Y=.G[P:?_KB-K6
MWL$C9W$7

ML&QMGJ/EY2C5BG(E#I





M5&([@+)55Y0#0(#5JA@7(?F&K2Q@8XU)7H!^SA%N$=_?!1KX:YT &J)[3R;

SJ0=;OE48G:A^;C6T)
'52^H^
MNLC,?S8PU28Y1QKZ/UI!)ZLN?VA*\F#E9/%!#%$G:U
=%*LGLEJ9(E60;3


MS)+#G


6W/&O*U3%ON9LMCR8=)M


M?NZHL&MKONWLYL^Y;V/7UGR;/?.NP'??V6N^Y3'S+8]KOD5VCYIY%U^F2K.Q
MY)6QKJCA:P$&%MGV_%?';EA&

C^R$:B__41^[-_(HC+^G:2KC-&

M2%ATCFUPI]@R^/OCDDE\
#5 423'_;UW&_@06$'_C$S2-D!]-




MN$[Z+%2LCL
PFRT6 B;X6I/
;
M;7,+7,_4@I;MNKUU&IA 45%$IY[/%J=KKD)X7<NGB!B77R;8
?#S''S#7'Q
M1*F&K5






I1FU@\6WW%N! T





S4WM\20J^I
X2KY_BIW'WN1JV96@MED%($I?E%VJHU




C+SBSG:




5U!7S_:^K!\9#;P2/Z
M5HX_,EMIH)#UJ-P]@T74$E=</F]7:
U4U.S7PP64A!9G!!X9#FBMH5=3W1R


&8S9N;S
MPUI6I0[=N]/P.87QU?AT
7]WKO;EU\!9)SCJMGII@/N?TUL#
:6;-$RC]-M5H6[PB+X
M)N.KW=F6*B8C^-:<'[5T*A;;Z1/!6PG@I\A5$;P*Q/::6Q+4SBA=17 SX3%
M


M168QVHTR2IH [')UY_%D570;F&KWC$+L17%;@VVFF9G[
CKT
RN[U6:R=T

M=+3

M[%MM;P9RAGW!

/#^?$FU /

@D7

7N^)4X7]D(

+X-DV^LQO3
X
MI%TK=03*LB=

MND?\J6






MA)FR



8.W=\NXW+9;:6KG#+G]N

:#X7.ZG5S6(MF1&-'
MLWK=;-<'FHE6Z:-$V
MFT!:-0WF6*5^V;9%U;6TXJV5;<*@3


H63N^T$;_=;+8IW;/V;
M[9:YSR+);?U3#=+WD_WBK7_]$
22W_J7'P6*X4#L_ZY^P34S7;)MFZ%H(=

@F
'


M+WU[3?+

MMY'GD8&
+:




;ZE[=#OEXR#=U0XA

U@'X;
M]5JJ!4[!/.Q6/+D/-35J]0
63^ZHJ-[K=L@GHI,IAG4[)PDE\M] 8C:*T^5
MZG&?=RKTS/8.F_%0[13/=T6T%
FV06@=.^&M=Q.J=:J)MGY1V1'K.7W@[5V

MN^5@93;

G^YUP-FIU=E_G+C'352V#9Y^ /($



MX@_8P0-2QBY5PGXN)*9LNJ. ]Q=
ARZ:C$@?V=Q5?'XX0*;.;JK)5 & *CR+





QNUE% ^9[5JSE8HDEU.V!4[RJE
CU?-@1VSD7^)UZND54EY&

M)F6[8B9_9C$5@.R4W]RYM_JR65\I9@J%!]DIKWE-1\/L5&CD2@9V68-7;QKX



M.QLYT$X*CL!/X)92MN);J7-GJY.W-:9R;ZWV&JFBO@HPE3NHJS6ZJ6Y\FW$U
L0BLG- 2Q@
V (/^:7DQ]J-QEPNUR6W4FP7FC[;$ZGD+U!O+K!.


MT[4BS17COH*S_21\SV23_[B@3J+Q@Z8_0*2Y(U6=U_ED[_L3IS=@Z7_2(:



^LS6R%A=Q
MM2M;CTR3%^O

ME'_)9\ VY49V3;B&';G;)YL

QA[KM
96[+*I;0:;R3IYV??G



5-J
M
0J]ADO9_6W


M]PCW 0'OC1?J6M&O_-:7$?$Q_PW'[B

7_/25
M


M)::

MD
@''G#N
M
'WE6_7&A+XP#AG[H(Z!C2+6V0^



EI7L+][E
MGG_R=

M8(@PD#&D\A


PNN8?9N_\PFSF%4N


QT5S23D8[

#W-#-\T+K9@R.^^);S^S[R]$9&92;;8A%*(^
#)G^!:0]7
MX


A4/)/;AY*KP2
M 7WER]\P!Q*1RKPK=?E78




MNSTU_X()C(\Q8#9$RGDB.@-64&P1?3UP?& O8

F


@WDJC#0T6^]$^

3


M
WOTA2T
O1&9Q/S?S;RW







_&SU:5@8LQ6-PU8T
M4[9XM0,DLI;LLAN(0B$VH!B@FRF6*QQ=_016R)$(%XB- ^\#\UX;Z+CZR

(&F'C<
M

C

#)1!R[5Q=@8




A&3G
M*V#C88PL+.).5?HO\F(\Y1/8MOHTN]6AW/IBGGQXBC;DU$[%!+LPHI[85X5L


MQ$V4M80D:375
WB'A[#B$U5$-!ZO;YL_2\


DCF'*
MZI

M5FY2\2.08 YX]5I(#/.C UG5)5*\R(EQ9^!OO(=
RC0Q SE@S_/]+SQ35B=H
M/0(# 4$?#QD';&)3^%%N(.^?15X/*(L$Y!(:8C/LM^IV

^]B1Q(%#'CCJS4YS /HI@


H]!1?VFL
7@+)^@
MRD8E+4B


[)C_ 1
M;T)YCF%P%WN^9J6+3S',IR





;-*'))N8.S89A
DD&T#7







;NTI4UWN0AL[!OP&








[*(
Z-PB ?$

T^Z
S_SUSC$/H+*B(EJ ::C3AUU%BBP:S8'$OAT_%2=0*83$U8'G]IO



X!*G5@S'2IK

$@%B7%TASB@0T9$*+<CY18<
M!K0)WIM+O(AG@Y!X88$=( ]&.?6\G2N:3U$_AQ )3^RP\UF8GB0R49\UU=/S
MG




MQ4;]6%M.%]OX&1(%O(E+X(^H:$.0U&Q1(=57&3H@*)!=N%50%N\2-)6X7B?&



 (\5#U474)8=3IFTYJ5#EE]6=)UX3 +*=;=23M;
IZ@;&




S2SSEG[YAJ,0VZH[WR7,K=$R
M6BXER;HN/A\GZ1#E85GTH(<@::9[

0#99&0\1MS
BR0^NW^C\3GV-_)
MST6M \6Z8M:


HT*





M?
M+=3 W.

MXDRP6S]-C5-&DLUUBOTTH2^
 +$Y!TN)\%UJ:4;4H60F1(^WQJ$L)&(?@G41

MB6SLX/)&M[YZ&5$59\XCO,4]7Z#U#YO=S_#7!CZB*/*XCQ(^'9Y,G*2*)A
M49P+OL-F


!OJX=E)/ZT?TGY
.O[:?ZE(4+K20S+%/
M)Y*DV9@_ 12]CK3DNP6BGWS9]A&BUX%5E*:VJ8QB]4'^)6)UQ(S $[#&^N

UX#\QOA:%)96&2R78V\/)[;7RYY=



'S ;$%DYGGWB!=I/6&6-(NLRRS8_UREK




MN=X!3#U[]S

4V!3L]C!0;#=59*N[(PKL1
M1S^.O0UQ \Q[;D!1I4BN





$
M&&3 QH/]0Q0LT;:1P=DND XGD!3M+'URCX&W;[XKB/FX8XB-\-_7MCS\+*






NWG@3.W%H8R=KA:H=;H
#^/#$NH^:P8XR@4)IO_FI_

H-
3@TR6'
[:HC&% 1$O%
M$

['

MVR-9
*7
-)0L]P%R9*[IU2.EE7@]):XK)58KN*3V@JXJ@&BIJ3
*?93Q3*3?



]]LH)




*4:3


ME1OT'!6'E


M+Z'X#RR..\G5N5P=$^:616\E&KBQ6'!/=&^3=8D!G8*\UCV8;,H7YCKC)*V
MI.M8TE\#-CLVL:,F6P;#60TXEYM9:-18[;R@6FR3093I=B?8AL73''#ITZ




MHDGK9&[@O/!A81[#F)VW

M.[.:0&&_W8@P

M64\KV81ZLK$GTPY+.ZS-(V?$IHD[5;

)4
(JIUZD*
MDR0:,^=RU X/(WX0[AC'6_NI.)PDLO5N70
53V
!0XC+-.18QU.
[\N :&

:'.W5J*CP]SK\S8_ULU:AKP#GQ#Y
BZS53YSCQ_


M6%F\UP&S!1 L)VSB4]1S%?1?;/O&#SCP'^+^)]
_2* 2
$WPFJ]XFJQVXO57
M\YN(%P7/&?H(^0D4[T4TZN5-8Q,-VZLDCL'Q_B SVQ9(G9G?AJI0A#H^V


MPC?SE?TJW





^@E\&F(!!DF%A

[E[






MP*


Q0MD?#FO ]X/*JEE;$&<4)Q;R+DF?PD!<1(_

^QR6UM*HAM:HUZU1C]1',7VXIIYW+)^Z[MYEQ(9


KMG1BQG<1K5XZ/G&!P@!1IJ*GAF9)LZ19.L08[8
+.5VH2CL-O#%&%GWA



M!2*=!;=VLV[E&%3A9B._7T!QQ+BVJ4!6^LX\J87O(#

!XR-&^KCU+Q59U) GV*2O4J
M+N_O;)-G;



M&1P;
0%ARQU


M]UV]?M+Z)&*

+R

< 37\#0-FI'&?+G<;WHG@R&T@[MH^J9PXVB!9$PMPEP?PB(:T\31AD
M &M2VW _9N1$:


MKFY^O[AYO%UQ/13YG')%)]Q?-82WW+=K*;V/1:)AZ3R V!(Y^SERK3\/UE4!
MNK9$K[)@S

:UG?GM
M##2TLGA;;^2


M?)VE1VDI'=W.4:?5+&&4%M;Y6N199_/F9?
2.QM:4B7T=0LW^WBTP3@7(B&^
M;.
INFVZ\64;WW'\KG



6!7@D
M;

M01\B#['1__07XT0/Q[#R1U50^:J7S)I9A-6OFXB/SQ&4_@*.696 %$9/P=




M


MG6[&%!:8_QO;Y
R

37]0)/Y4]PX-Z;




54G'R37Q/17CG8WU0L*$83/EA2_F(B)GB:'$7AD@MEXX 5[\*%B
M^OM/F-_0],C% RRVY-]F@#QF&8\P)SR:#D*66_G9=(%0[,]\YK,'5(SECVRZ
MPV2ZW--XA%\)[&!,/G$\97_(G A5A;&)XIYY,%^7? (W\ =,.:DH2LZPHLW








HN:@C(8).

!
MMZ

MH;%Q'PYS <A2


LM247R+HI@*

MAP:Y







M3+
M9DF9&M*\.Z/YGFO*B%_&IWXT7Q(O^/NO4?#VWC2G[^+&F%^P+^8MGMI@

:5N0(.^.[P*

?@FZI]ZT_];^@3WZKJ-_[/


= -YFSL377& 681N!8Y
Y:&G
$ZND-M5

P5EBE9MU:$#-!LB=I_F4Y$5R-]8?,'^0DJ;JDJ^__
MU;]-/VGOWQ[FBTC-57I%MSPUZUG9%=I-8N!I(5*CGQ1O(T$BLKVBD^8EQ7D

MM*:B=@\C7GO
E9NW6?:050$T'093\_ BU!^XB4:;W2]/NG:AM(ZD*1M9,BV
MBBEXL8.3PMNOW9X0+Z;1\^M5
M5=J=[9(#CSU+IZ.HVG:1YJW2=/[^:_'X&4;=DF#=%]^;@IH]?7%
N
X=#OZ*

MFLI

KWD;FE)G%XV(*S^%LB6?B@
M^5_8-[%/MV+X9Q5@3E!:F95XQYJURV/=%RF\A9$=U?/E'QY./%*%A.A&M?

*/\F%5\0L8=485

M%B;=A@+/1C]'@69SU2GU&F.HG+U
6[$OJ[DU,:VR[U'\2BR/MIM*JD8UP8KU]E&E5@PK=L6[\*5;29I
MH\AW[6

I%/H#6E


MW8ZB[H5-ZS44E4GI*Y+2)95F5+K@D1_86 18\H^8V#S4H@Z&&QW\S;3 NONP


XG(=.X1VXJP


+/YNL9A$3;2N+
M
DE_ 7UXW6OP(&):J3GE

]ANF29I[Y

2PK
\
M



MN1G(B)Z

B









%7I[9D;#[09;8D

MRI2EK.'/SCSA([WS(^RPC4X
/NJ&3D/FULQ&J*NZWB!KK U67*=\#'YD[&T9


MP.%^H]&9L[:_L-N:S*PM*?$OI4+J5$5UZH6%C*^5


BQY[Y]CA3V


ME=NFQ47_\.3=5T6@Y1




9


M-MU7X_.
?!M?D

IAX:5(]]ZU40V(


M@U]52J22M!5O1

M%(E3;I7L/_
2NGKBDO0MRX\0U@R^



M8H9F;0J;=P_AGL(*7;=8VPC!A:[7+13'/:QER]U*%94\=LR:)U7E1&B+;%P+
M
K'(HS-



B&3)Y!\
M!PB2[J:

MBG

#
M_LV L;=4R$I]EGSI#:WJW'2:J=C#0J\W) '(T)U9VO760[P^3 [M'T*08R
M:6*
.?B.7T]
?-Z$]*M4TM$(R4 '5E#:#2@V]MHB05 =]J(4S
M,(H4$C9$U]ZRS6QJ$^MLI74T!:;%&/,<W@D_=_#GN!92I\T^( AC#A:1-KPJ
M7KV(UU3*0-?BHD[9,;94 ]^+/4/UUFPXK58K'4[!DDD,R[;0Q@JFX&%L&H3


M;!\W?Z=C8 H-=@K 7 !0[K?&7L%F$;NML



















$GD
%,;XL-8
MWAKU0Q/6J;\BL%LC5@4X.U!.%%9.'08+ZQ)6A\=-!$XP1LO%7, 7#N,QA@O#
M8Y6),X]R0SMTXAKX\0F/AU13./!O@0<5CJ;-?][C$G.YE-<V1C? ?]W
[.:




?F





(S!$@M%[3)PP32
M9KJ;W]'PD5)WAAQSAS,LKD)L#O8GY+G(TAW

!0L_A?FODC:;;CX.!0VT8V5OEP
ML9D(EPP

EK4VI I\RH





M J E +HVT#4)@*X0J$T48HD*I90 Z-JR5@*@:\M:86 &@)@!8- 'W^?#\*
MFTK84(XHV [8(2YL++T1

:<VQY29AZ
5$5$50$LVCWB5G#H+
M76V7
 N!E\8$2S37%(YW@1.-&489K#CL'+K%LE9$G$.G.+*TLNO&*59FQ=@%







MVY5QAT5-&5(Z!2M&UBYI2NGIFZ6-E9HS=2!;VK?^BNR =0?/;M9#
C)MGYTW



.$
M DIR XL](IC%


Z6_&1YY%HNJ*WRTX961$
M'?*\5)PU85E2 98JSPET8\\]AXJ*!99+=T%6.#6C.[E+






M@ /6B\!:0:SR



MI^D=Q2B60S#$?,$+.X3RH$/'7?\ZE[7(\9:SH'O
@SPF/G:D0_D0F%3? 0
MW0SL/^MC#03'Q 8 N56;Y\M+\_8R6O0=[%!GP(WHJ-=?YY@P!Z;[(/] %^

;SG3I/

25T\:.^#Z(14?[7#,*1*&OGT7A31N
M@8J;E,AEA;Q9=6^LX W+'=N'FP[,TV7\ .[]ZWFX)2!C\P%;1E7T  -CAV

2Z_W2N=PEK-NE6PDOVS

.MN93*]8(9*Z_PZ8-69H


MM7;#($E3H%QRLHDLB7XUR


M34C4?_![I^@R7-


9XUJ7M9F)A7KA;F9
M(GRY/A6+ZIJA=(SZ]+IL*IUBO4+$GDVIVBWLZO#U1BRR=^K3H%-7FIU26R@=
M=#85;C6Z10YFKLXP]*050Y
XH)]0QY[8'%&Y@E!U2R$LUL! YE\N)#5OF2IV

A
M*Z9O%3?YZB98;D39Q5D+8GFI
MQPO%
2=H\MW




EZG]GU+:;:*

[5TTQK9
 O/LEF)2=[I
M(F['D&H
]P7*AA3



M +V




]=A?S?V'3O



%
M#

GLB5;<F F!:#!@,9*,-&P.M&J#%\@&QD))A2]&HENU;
MT03;A%O(



M
(1L\HQN


T
\5:5^L(+2R3:F
M71*8-'W.IF#27O( 757T@@VV-IN


DX.#9
6UA):LI1DMM&!(DN U(L*$74C!)OT7YVTM1R24@P5EL
M=VG

M@_0VC?DH 

:[X._O9.H]@I. N#WZ




K8A'^^NF6


]@ R#G


 TQOVC
/GO\(IAS3.6BPWB/C
;EY9/8
YN2#*-




X%!R%\$?
MH$')KS%V%MT27H




MOSD-(HYO/O
L+S#'](?I


M6URITO)T:4LJQ8?-N(.



@TQP2? <T60$N?T89$*NWYA3DY-7P\47T1FYJ(Y
M-RGI.X,?SYZ^-ARY*&)E#BN[\GUD+OB=@ I8'SQMT2R\$'SO[ 1O(N!$R]W



M5L9BQ2KLNY
;)%N=_+5Y-[@-T+YIIEAG\?X
3PV]J[17)ARM

*2%W1G
?ZGXXJJE*
MKU7(61/:#FLMI=.JT5FOJK2+[;.KM:3(XU&ACG5:2E/=;N
FC]YVS:/=5QF3




E/=B# 63

2,-4H4T\(
MYK3;X,YT=U\%42GX/G1Y




MA[+C9!78)#M.5H)-!^HX*6!\5]1HVEQ


K12


M3CU8SMS[


[=MGDWW?3K]_
M]8\YC
8A9E

MG%++!EL'Y)H$Q!R-J!4R2
-ZPQY&/EZ=

M

C(?KK^-+7G88Z(^7$








M*5QD6V@]+V'#TY]UEY++O#R1+85.U]2A#[C8HOD+0C.
0L]_@@7I
8@W^K
U

M1Q(R/FH^UG)2]1'.UA'RL80
8[D^''I2I:M@?IK\3C30#\*CYETM)U5=@;RA


K:DIO;A$

0F#8'\)UTI:-U*DRR@P]


M/


MLT[Z%BC0PY/LX 








]//L?N$GS.4*M:ALWA[Q)+V B5V


MRT[Z04##X-TQ

9L_V'A'_2OR'XP

M[GU:JV;:Q!(Q(72-:)6R\T'6+%JX7)5@NQ+&MA[1!ZG2@L?Z(M$07EZRRB








M]BTKFD2.B;V:AG1D6W8H%DM.M*;2U8JSY(U@TP#)4IO%;=GS:51FQYXK8QX/









MJP@H4PGWD$HHTZUDMJ! %
[)%D3Z(F&O!Y_@E_-_#8#X\'E 3BZN;F[6R6J3





;*)G6W7CT
M-T]N!














MI(((Q0W1%*0..9.EUN


M]
=[


MW8:9X
#A5^\[?0NS#


W)S


'.^1





/7O\?]H58#-$VT Y1A4O.I6+;F\SY



(]^'&[+^EUA

M?53D1%-:W3(.601?/[AR.)Y[#W?Z$X'5 \]/B\N78!JRV21$59)29[+?-62-







S
MI+RP- QF]C4\P_:& ?N2S\2
AJ#N0YP)





N5SS]CL3&HZ]X6Q


] /^ED&NO+O..+








6_

9[69TB8]ED/?



XD17M&ZA/(A=)?5N
G@ANL%L

T6$5;


M0)5W7[O% \S*RLK*\\EBZ(@M.LN0TNL5/]#M(+[RJZ!;]W$[_.W16)U-*BTP
M.
Z%/%4'!]1)M.

R\24XOF+BZ_S5$!&@1 M_% G@ W(-]VYQ


2(UEY2)0_*SK%-$WXUBL_*GG&N7.SY!A_
M;[

#/Y


M #% X\TQ* +VU A



D?
C7SQ@MA4+R_)DHA[/%Q??+:[(C;B7J<
:M7M
MUEP2LX7YKEAP73HTTJ&ITJ%A$9U@BL(.EP;..BP)- N]]U
B4^DAK'WQJL#B



M(GT8L

792QHB-SEA:7#_UR%0SMENJCI

MU;D2;@$5.JGII*:KBDL)T:(ZZAE97XG1M*(V-Z:##UTV\(Q.5YO[-(J/7I!A
M$4W(ED$5(K&Q###&Z .8AT&-
&*1F\P\=Y?$6#ZC
W6HM6Y;+^RO9]MQ[&]D





AF+F5-+$TQ8]ALTPL)7



8_U
Z(1'?0B\H(T?LEBJ*Q


AX@A/)'2P$H]GUX91X
P5(#MSMB(_


M$EQ


Q\0*
M@DI%:O_0)Q 3 3+:HF0J3%.SM
N&)]K!C* 125$EQDT)0Y13$AN
EY'Q+#J=
MADS.(J.
&5ERT^61:99['Z
2O^6.(



MNV] !!^$F)/[HY2
[ 1[Y ??

M%T]S7^!.\^@NA+C!F;JND--OL7Z[)ABX7R][[/4M&-

MG'E


9:M(+&
%
MY^3A !E 'TA1T:*A<HYQ0NX8FI+566=7<3V:@VU*SH  
3S5(8KRBW)Q\FO

#/79%B^BBQ&@2 O#G1/9HY$!A1UN




MQ'+UN/



8@]TI:4G3W-9+GT*024#X .6G:9G



6 ()^/
MLQ)V4Q0W&
*Y$GZN?(Q@AK+'Q,9\,"7OZ:7  ,W!=32S ZD)M# D-[A%R
MGVD6/ /NV!

4.

<STP+!
M8C:RL#EW


D_A
CX_0WNTDY\^R5V
3:.5V24DN)
D1[X=A



MN\3$08!I
VHP*%) WVX_;VG ^$IHTMQZ+%5N=
0.D60Q8$?E4#X
(SSP22
/
MA:'0'#:6HQ$Z HM7N





M6:V2?SMBH6+:
M)(O2&YZ)@Y9\;BI#
B9
^ZP=6_?G49L[;)BDEF@P%&+M&R]PCK8Z5A$ELUB
M@( ,;#PZ\(%5_2#7AD]00\.GM](GWK&URZ6F(
8_+ZP;6(!(S-PHW1P4=AD


$)VUA(DNZ&H(1R/R0^ 385YO[VPK*(H@P&$'1(D5@RL-V$.)BLXO



MB#C^^*YAU0I&[@3IVX'NRC12X!IE0\%RB=O?=N5N5L0!W1%^X2(Q'?RT#]\O




M3LI%)7@Y( 9CDY1G3:J$O2S[($% P@88!
U'KB??2!$1;BLT&])7S
XK-R
M60]G4#4M]$

2J(!

E#-



MY6#)MX8!Y+V]G*DT;SH$YI
AN4$'7'*T9G2L


M*FV%3LYA*.]4S:!GR;-?H7*% ;%%*ZS]XMZI0-M-&M69RKLYUOYE683PC;
MY+


9PO[%G17.\8\ +$-

M0



M;8S'&R9!H40*[.W(
H.2



&@S<!L9T)$964H!T=@L(M.7@SZ#O2S4
MUQ:R9LP@EAW]^0@HNUA!_.
'

3EUQ/

O)GDS509_'
:EI%!PUVT?!UT$2NL


M9X ANL]K$$3
 RHL* QY^GV 9T/=V-CGD-D196-8&?!&)6#+(NO1I1]5.^+
M=$7IIF%0;)S=;S?/)[! CM_B8G2HPT'B]A&&)ZX%
1 4L'V9VP:^)7E[8@A

_._5]4$+QF7P&3'R;5GN(B=2RBJ*1*HK_=Z[$^1]
M@
MEE(T9IBM=1@%'@_POOTP@[.*(.X+&&)@E'GQ:A+9C:OH3)KS[JCSA

X_@M6_1(9R#QEL@ ZY!'5[:;LK



P8VFXPL$L$YL&'F1MKQ%0P)24B

MTKC$'A*












_*

W+.H$\O




S(/S89R$F)A615$1M80U11)_M5WKE
M'J2
BC#QSP_)%.KK[DX'SSH-+^HP#WH=_=9\OQJ@5V


]].%TX_G7CS87/#^V1K1^P T()%C]HMAW<<S%EA)#!*'TBH&
($^
M




''DK J$'P8Q(Q3W




M_1\XPH5#LZ4L!H
81@1KHHHBJ1-= 





M.['R26*:OT*3

ML$[$+&#?MH

M-0G+
5?[MM3H4J-7K]&G0J/3$YKHT3Q[)4?*=\]@=H4'LFM2460'(/3:06.8

ML901K3B19^HF Q!NV*1Q:H$^3!@!-6+&+#+C


M*5-?\

M#XEPSE:
0-PK])[
ET
(@@-2QTH=VR[6Y-:Q
Z%C758U H:7BU_I^!SDLO$[
M8O)):)2DT\4L5%HXC/6-\/!R.*@D_!IBK[75M:'F);6XYNK*
F^7
\#NU!

2+R$&8E^2CF;9SC@(XE+S
\^.G#E#_T;^]


/3
Y;:


C=QTPR.+%\'FS_$6E@)D9;]S4'KO[UC_[O[(##1G@K)
M_HC=N6-01^N0XPB]I]@)58I8!&_4C(3X9\<5!;AJEA%&L%$*








M(BCUT3&;JH-QH;C
CFT[W


-Q
E,/&@#H:%HC


M1!L(\;1!DS+5Z9TK%]8+-I7W7-Q^4#[XKF'!R*='/N*/B%P+)4Y3!X-#GJK
MI6Z@3@;'D;RCZK90_BY]T_-AO-VEO5KYEAC_UE)UU\]*ZG5+\HX#A7$D?2?D
M[L)6/B.8SWR-L4ZDT%\LVBIJIR-IE:ZD3OVV(TU25-CJ3IZDADOH0T0H^XD
M?L&'QG%UBN62CY[7:!\#QX7RI56G'(JG#]*3#D_V
5(.85[@;8_8E*6[IUG]
M*4MW.[QYLG0WZT$MD!19NGMXZ6Y

K9]
(J:H2N 854IBR747&-=&F




MXGF@Z52B0K/5(G1@2&@VU


M!LY;_YE/(==T[5=^2(I(EZ:IT_'DJ&2?(EN'ZGBD2:Y6+:SJ9-H[(M5MA\M(

MUWDDROLS=K7;;5SF\+FSQPRT1@_,QO8=OR2:X=5IU0G'7;A[!J9N[N!JP4

%+[
<:OEQG]JQ78WW?&WO^@FVK4)F@_E2FX.1 \

 .F
M+/?P/3EL.R,]@A-U-CN=V7@CM3=Z U/* K&Z@;L-NY[BX#DV7JD;VJH-Z:O:
M]'3&D@W5WO0XXM7@Z,6XSC)T(EN6ATR%&#B*#7$'!7]?8\MMF:0-U7Y_<C*2
M-E!'1Y*T@Q19JFM44-QH3*N@^Y6?ST7<T();6.31L;MJ6'((7C$.G![_)L-



*DV#M!$Y

M;-JU(^.A.CHA 1L3+38K%''OM!:[6RQ@I$W@2E!)6_B.9;A+4&[MVAR-F'63


M&ATM('5%$]\5R%T.S*B]4:$J)XO'=IXHHZ*5:(=O3[AC6[3=%S(PJRB*(E


MH6G'E[6*5C.;%2KZZJ)BZUH












MSTCX++W*]1/R?



(-JS






NF36I]5=-.IQYKJD[[

TBTA&ZC#:K$JVJW*A(@AG1+D4H!-
MHM;6Q

J&;X^G)J1.IG6


M4=YV\96UYBWCS@YYVATJ4$J)6I'(57 /#;2)N/1JJ3/?IG+K.06-RECI.7
'



MY*0.Q_7#



8R


MK(=6\
;:^5A\N9A)OT7)GW

M\HDXDX1\I/SB&V05OKU?K([H_A_0:)8F&2574-6V'RF
G]CX3T*WR(UO:N./

MP
8?D X
S4MB!*P

M+[?_9

M76%AMS[DSWT#[[A+LF^DW=MY3W7_S\H]VA-/$.Y[:=[Y+GEK_R*78]L-+_
\L!T<

MK=<\Q5]*?%SW/;
MUE ,SV''$MJ=Y?O%MEZ4?]JLL:)-K%='Q8!66RE 0[4_*YYP:MLJ-'4XRII6
M6OE):$3W_]-V,&H9IT?%VI;;*V5#D

M O/VS7K

G16$OY0

QRL
.X9K^%S +7@ <]M

MW52=30O5EAP(+M8Z#H25=_VBT\-/K_*NIP[&;W6
%H\VT=-.3[-N+!88$-6-

M;=N

M]N'H_.WQOE%SZIB7AKU0=$R


DMJ258





A+JW6O-E#[@^*=3*VQ+BM1Q[?8=7_
V0)XJAKF_4BKJ-*S2!E5Y[DV




MU-J*[9RRVXM
W51Q*
B-=P[MB]MF3F%C]P


B%=@G? ='VEGB7;!\Q:B5'*#2I1FL*





JY3O#6F?WE

M\M@NMD].!Y*ZKPXGE8(&'G4U'0;7+E%2E7IF;NCL27NU1M9&63OVPO 4;!HK
MPZ)YV@Q&G5J#7C'('MERGJA1S*PTD#VAY?509P%^AVUOU1^HL]'I7&X35=-.
MR^MUJEH-_;0%VM.?@\9#/7EF=4WM6L_9 S\[2ZI#9=)-Z(AIW.;O.^/XUQ
MV&G#'7



C4C!Z2F
M['T]







F_I/PUTLZ(T7$_M:-
MUY2O\U?3LD@%\C_I:1KW_
=_
4
MWFY%U X71!E0JRZ@IO7'XS#<I&75V[<N0M(+%='HV(@6T&#1^<#)&33TI9^



!=H99B;'Y7$RE7Z

MZ_[I*Q [+




;Q


(R 4R^BTQ\L
T6[1+IY.G/


MFV





M;-=5UHZ]








O)]I I
MSW:-\M]H 7\S2YIJ$[4W:^61KJ8D50KUVQ/J\9BXX-/#L?!:(-1M<LAJ*.:[
MO?O\LW)[\^^KC[*B3Y9QR85% 49W:^TA.^T).+H\*K]Z4R=:EV!5Y7;7SFX



M9B-U
F[A(/8<2\L
M_=:V7FZ-5ZQ?T.Z=#YN?L?WBH/42W*P+!R/W2@
?H4(B 4\?

7FU#





MXX
7Q+GI[2HMJ2WO6$&RD:PF

5Y'F.


-3SZMIVG!T
M/M;JR*QU
JE$;FAU
&XRJ708#^I


M)CM0\\8V9

!D?[_+LEQB=SXB5CIJ4JO#X#([VJQ=*?!=+
M2:=WIO_+1P[AH+FY-BSBD!C(C+2WUYS3#D.X@EUYM[U($IOEQ_=+90%1VK.K
MQ\^1IZ2@TG



%@
1UPX1))E)R]SD)

M:^FU'5P=?AU5\BQR+?=2,=F*0=._%;6U-Q:QVU




M$3NOQAQ?+I'STJCVV/[U@VFJ3&-42%-E6B*=)K';#_@56SZ^)C?1SV27&U$%

MF[?&HAJ)_'WG#WW8/&W6^.*[X?[^P3=


(]#W&B.&I







#




(D




\R%PU$%L&2'$U3
M!3%.2C6TEG;[^OU)
5IIU)&EYIIDZF@R3(E^QNBH@
JR[!P-$UYT-I4?\=HA

ATG


@NCR:S[


MTY!G_:/)Z(@'H+17/9Z

MJ3M[
IM-NW\*#KNSAZ

M$]
9DN_6$&Q\G_IZSL?W(A'/AEIDWC,OKR6\R2RN]0;9HHQI!



M3EI+

U*DQQ[%5 W&U&:TUGXY#.+1I*




M!9\/7P\38;_M\EU%JBD
V;'[AL





U0Q]LDC:9C1





[WQ

R=)#62HF
M&(OC3TRGE6$]X?G2LDW[9?.(G5=CCB6##V7P)VQX^&O(T'\1;NO(E@S-#\ZQ
MIS55&[]I!DE7
9L_L9ZZ-WO #K@2-G/3L[)_P$K;]$S3+$GQ.48:^YG
?@



C&- W+-@ -2[P-HJ%6&Z5'(T\X)?:2.!]Y5Q5<%&1?T<.'C4SB7Q9%]





_97K@7GQ+Q^9QH+\



M=0L7\__X!DLRW2W82S0J?XT
AZ*3-CHO;)I189&7TH;66GK.Q[C6M?(\@?5R
M:[O0(^=L%K;S#3EZLQ-O!K.



M:)IU9LHOXN@
*JU49EDZ\^@


1H&J
Z






,G'_;IK_P:NI

'+#D!/?G0VP
BK




1B?#)M@Q%-)FX

L.N?=BB-TH:H\

M6!G9J$RPX


P,0ND?JB#/I_KVI.EC[^Z6<)4?:*?*<Y@09H


MC)'
2/7/FY'@O 1(72O/(

MA4NU3(S+IW([C !0F[E&]V]*9ZM+M%ZS6N@38?A$KFMD)Q*8/;
N*29T1(

I@M.[Y9B6PML\+%E+#OO!I#(4]K*GGS=ANSEN@+P+=
M


MS)1G/.Y-%O@AM2-=72M(EO1LDY4L72FRM:H@5;(QB]N/.@U56KW!D?/*3E2)

!2W2=C3[[&A(E%6JCI1SLHK4


MG(2)J%N4:VL0K4B4#A-0ZDR9:J+*Z7@)ZE S*5? OU!%PS2%2S:!9\ ^**$-

=\-TN D/C&00B8'/[3G
M.EI=[

M




KK'*9VUH:S5QZ6FJV9=!;

JVZY4W*G!9

F



=+P^TE692
V%1;ZW
ME#E
F


MULF_IM8[I


J





M)L$^RX:
W1 /0MT8#P!%:$$850-RJ[L:7JNAFR-
MJR 8R!GE#$0P]E
S$/D18UI(J0$(8!6#:FI+7(?V L(:V/?O8J''M:/WW[BV

@BYAW4['ZSY\?F-L





WCGOTP6O7CB3UL%^%+SRQ-;K!([]OKV$\X(6LTX.RXA
MT-OQO/FV4 S.TM?H.
M'

MV-^HEIJ=3/[5E;YGT0R)[8 Y08).J&!&A'8_T!?%+7'%TC7F-@8
M.A98;Q5



?\2\


I%J\F:8UW0JNE9PO5* CT SNK+/
M8]Y]N=;R3OL0VWE/K04/BC#8WG.$^,$YYN42?BQTDZJ_&+J] *#&JHWF3ZC




ACLNB[[!G]ZNK62T
WW

G0XP*2';%S(%ZN:#1SZ[




M5DPY#+

B@
M=6Z!(:OK!A9;-[!U%JYJ%SB$Z4*V G
&





M^64$UF=5N*T8_D];XR4



MC U0JEA;P&5LC_H6KZ4H@\$8@]CV[T1P[







=!OTL_   X4-]_.CM<_I<5;#M2!W@ R0W)A*#N
ML=PUH_ ^94C2(

MEN/6$I_V]N8^]?YRJH[69GNM8HOQQ?YF@S6

[/
M





#YIC9075E7-



+SX^!NXJ=+BTK1Y$E9_M[J'1]HUE
M5%_M[)7G4O-4;V?@?KC#K;UNFV TFS]6F#IKN&8$XC@U=-@&-%RK8SQF; +K
M;*&BJ&XRB96Q!9H-





W

M]@(C=C!




\Q
+$0 ;SB9VZT/:9THU)%

M0N:Z_5




MZW6Z-F&2DJ;=_

M/*X6DTL\U;VZ #E1WB9;'4*H1DO7OXKH;

MGUL_*1R0[M]O(X3Y8'C1M/'(HGJV4O"_3@Q,6I&U7JBND;J#4
.1!/ RO

FH7!X$HL^WCAZ[KJ$SPJ$H*T3J#^




HJ!.A29V#4.<@

4?B]K%/YYMBC\='A4+@=A





M@
YF G0.@0=+ 3H;B9 ]Q (T,U@-YF O0.@0!Q0(8@A(V/;AMCEF9Q\6'[


28 &1@MZ


3@JV\Q4[)1)%_/KGZ]



]%@ _=@UVH7=Y'$X/Y2



MGS(

M!8 BM3XXBR ']XEQ=^6%)G]TNV/??



S^[^



MU$H$:9YN]M2H'QAVG-&9?T%9L_%^-+ #,UJKRIE?8V1(_#$U=1P=K*91N%







2IFPM.GS7L]S35
ML'3[D'Z[9!H8#Y;YP#4F?

1GLOUYD([L1X'QQR\2O

P%Z++AN-
N54

J[FGB<7?V-6LH\+OQ$D^!=;L/9[[RVN;\_K!AH,A&
MQ[^2V)5::@6*F\E$=%[Q)@*MUT=0R=J8MYG&M&'KEF';1Q5I8UNZL0P]G&O-
MBH*E8+V%WT(+7PHH@1PH4Y*B</_&.G/+)92QZH?-B

AM4-]_&


M14$7*@$%

GFHL+1=@&5E8%Z':BEH+!U8)!9!MQW?V$:;APN-/EGL,W3 M3
MJYY9GO'#7SZP*55O^!2+[1,U8,*O]/F:LM$F=3M\TX(Y2U@YXMA@MBW[!A*
M@][^
FC$#1S'8#?7=;OC<Y^8Q6-]*K_L)$&B
M*3WJIW2(OU)UQ E0^?=J]R,-S=!!L47=JFHC'3A(^.L#\R-HNN.A5VPJH(

MJS(SJJN^4^(19&T^C$\M^=HVX&F1&


JBGT-ZY<D0J\<V



X)T[:

89A#8:U=8?Z1VK9&#7^Q




MZR/0RD1J+BSRO05KJTDT]D(
?4ZU[T\)OW)*3%BQ)N_(RTRQ6

MZ#NB
@NT
[\*JMJ_/M95W7A+_L&#!9OPLF[(_E

8+&WU5 '$TP1M_Y4U
M EK%@ 0KS-K//

S(K2)P2&M0WMC 3&
M(F.


:AHG.TX/[+C033
M&01;[[CXR BQJFM3F QC3G38)LS@#?&+CO%#
&\($

S
T


M;;./JEH?@YEH

 ^[81'7.2K:22O)
C]Q_'C)FK_F

/[TW2+9 KNUO]4J#;%

9_ (IA3


#%VV

F
SH!EXC.O:KM0XZ%4.O5R'
M(9Z[,^N(315-PP/+B:'/8#3Q\.\7N^TY)K\;-/)^#:Y+4Y^*
%_% 3FIU


TK=;K3 :H$(








MG.S;[^X:;.MN#Z_
']]-KLAZ.RNR\MBR]LK6K%E1UJP=EL?ML#PR=JV]

?F




M U.-@^.*(Y_6T[B)3439ZX
@2GP)[\9*?XVMV&;5YU4C3#RWE*SZ#X@H92X3

UM



M[J]N79%J6C^*-N)S?.* #_
JI0'89DE

MCVS
X!/QO=+3ZL0M/C-IX-L(T?&#DW7-1FW:U- 9GZAR4\SW;#P;Z#6+=1


$

38P
S
Q+GAS9.T]
MVW+;.++OI^K\ X^?9JOB6YQD)ZF9V:)UL;4K2XHD9R;[L@63D(0-16AXL:WY
M^M



M@Y67TPB4:%KQZS7T-Z=0VFJA95'K1V&23Q+V.:,6,$I?5XYQ4P0*V[\/=&

6N#MQLI1L!QC;@N#T@ H^(O/Y'5BKDSCI^Q


^RFJTFS#T





MX^::

MEA1B[X.HU\6;;5V
.WWAY(S







JRW1%\'JY:_$G\/K?N\FVD4T[@=MU(4YZDTAVN]WS$FS
E$J(64-H!K

MQ9=+%HAU.YBV6ESLCE'7TCB!1:!ZL2MA(=CU76\:;2WC5(9C+*BA
VCPSMF$
MSE&F8[KB'DH49'M#^=PCJP6SU/S8ZGA:W5RI6YR=&^%WC#NCX5AL::*&;CK#
MF[$YNNVU8%CJ#L=WPHULJ*I

MZI0 ^



M$V5YR*+/?-&+5MU]%SC-E* V
R0O2-X&T
M7$R2G23-E'*2WP$NL\CNR%BL
MODPKV[=*@*MFCC13PJ7R0O1VO1M!KPLE;U
)VFZ6LKFA^AU5!%;KS EB*V2



M [;$M7(@=18Z#GNDOBUDK.ZJ_QEMZDU&3:(H;S( ')-D\)D1-6F(-@T8^8V$


1 I'M03$C)R)Y'Q(9!@)'<;0-61*#$'*WYIK09H+
M7#:S0Y#.*Z4@]9I48O&\BU^^3QOJ5G5.5]1 Z(5?M)O=4*.79!=-9T'&TO.+
MM1)^ISTJO27AAEITO L?;\Q#W5]^QORB=3_W 6WSGLMT/:]?@RFS*0Z0Q?
MJW*]EI6%@*I9!QOO!N:HA X##&0$B

MHBQ#O)BY3'F^L1B7W\UEATHGQ*%^CC)?[VTHQ;7J3419#3G$1 0!Q;;Q^KMM


X*16 1)X-*0-0!-M1#F!3

P



CE[AFM2%


5+_W2SINN84A

G&

L\6 2A3DH@
M@B.)4Y3#3$6]D;6(.I4TI*@4PL8TT?JAO1ZG5K*F,Z!R&P4_#4JUAG0Y





M\

\[Q 8+EE2?T6L(J^)N7Z .?
G!EY-O23)AGX!OYUFN=XJ?3

M@Q;_/DVKJ$J#6.3PUJ4%HL-+_CA %):X\




A_H3E3U*4=(:DCWKL4M/Q\TN96B'_B
M:PUNP(*UY$V:#S[XQVB6Z-WB2M5_RH%'RUU()?N ^4/NO!?0);IQ)P:)H7X^



M7%GBX/1+L#6FJ_CAHN%LP%T+
^ZXXXC3%P&%F$NVT#+ 1Z!*.:T0;3'+BCB%



KK?NH450!3
Z7L
0MI]'90+?51[1YL



MV+650








M;\DC9OHZG 12GB$^*MN$I5%JF/[)G:Y1G



M1^KO719\NZ-#T



M %+NX]\ZES')-C(M

MQA%HBL?F.B(K?&=])^N5

MB7-_^0S@@RJKD6PDOT*WSJ8OKL_Z67+Z&BB
#A%)?BTXK^+3O0M:V7C\\7V%

?7!7


&.82+^HR;5OT
C:V&,7//2):W=C_OBH@^L'H:O&0O4[/1]


MJ6D#^R#7EW=

Y!+.P*^#[A*[Q/R:3FA@^LR6Y__#JJF/:XAWI7%W$G#K
M2[*


M 7@





M[OU+&+5CLO-L48H'G%Y?7 
.5%; 7R%P?5@3EP:*RPO$Z79OZQXO?7'!^MJ+
M$!\/T[NIOZ7


-_A\RV.K


$

M;6SM7=USX[81?^]




_$^8











/MQR&N5V/VO-MG]*H0W

 ?;$)L%@SY0;'Y&K9^/(]:MO&B@BY
MV?4
L\V1KA]\@A[E7GXM^*I(KF;+B6S%@VYLGK1K1XXQ10B_^77,4#N4PG

?\19C]\WS?6D\JD%N'3IF
8PH]^6


M0JE\O+6P-33QV;Q&'L@6?/UPSN2P8W*^WC A
Z@V1Y@0G!;\PYD\6\9:-;

NZ[)0@(72ZQ
MU2WU?[66 &!Y5@(M+3/ TY35U/XE$(C=)T11J[49'H:I\/? E6'@7^&((

9^!=GH@UXM0)4(W-8Y\7


MKNE8UZ37G
*LG<TI,7'AU2W6TL97)0Z8
M4YN(*DUX9

M:@;OG
=CP%NQF8:SYH4:LJL9G,')H:
MLJ1]U0_




MDJ7IK_J[E5=KUE3;HY/8UV?N0O1_R=ON_A;&_L&.5MCA@:U6K9A






)O


M*.7_@ -*(/5(E



M4?;MR\2





H][)L^^]*)T'$RX'


MF)G




M8Q X3-S0AWBN'NM6W


ZFDZSW


M




JJU37&,Y+9*QU6QT



M5
L\D; ]T!DB
[2%G:7-XKMJ062*%55*RFM63N:M3::MC![N4J([29^U)
MV'G8:JF:KKGU7/:Z4C:KHNM6V..B2Q HH%O5_315 30Z [C%284\B.;(:+\




=%-ITN


MA-B-MS[9TB/J.Z73Q$A&MW/%=H%]=)U(X$4OU3S^Z8F!1VZ 1Z(/36*1=V38



MKKPQ8-(A3*N8J
ZKYAN(WRN\I/4\K4/38*]&U\OXM!VE5?
*\X0V(5ZJDEZX

M^ZUQT!+A_T=A=
F@T#ZW









'X6NC\.8



^







G/'3M#-Y'O0&H\?Q
M]4]6/<T3^$[#&+8W1UXF\(5I5AU&3?Q25/.#N@CRG,/7RJAH1F/ZYM79<
M-][$B9H^CM:0L-V*P#5SC;QG6V_5]5-B:&WLO  44
7=ZZU1 'HXB AZBYGD



MFI2 ^(LVB&+\2&\IDZGS3'\]^


M9=HI/6^=4:^TN41]H(1PC^HA 6)



Q_DPCBXW=W6;C1?V2_7NPI
@\=/RD
M'YWOJ<)Q^#M=L]#[VS<1B6'N\I_UT42N[^OL4_Y#-/93V^-?NPE
1LD@2A*



M).$AI6M*R7S$Y#
@'G]6Z1) /ATO9N/5E_^:GJ_A( SCP^Y;!/U1L\5=(VO_


M 30JW1=W#VT%396]'

M2N


M3I)


ICM ^_$O*I;VMJTMHH15'8



M2D\48;]%

M9%E[4CU(UG5A

MO6X0!)\X&!%=P+P'

2:A9.;
M&7LXC
+
%X/^+8QEYW59F(AEJ:6&*W!DSQDDJ.SR#'WO$9/74!14IM1_\6-K
M
][FY.ORWQG2GT-A@X4@7

M\X2_/Q*8EOC@FD?5ONB3;HQ\+U4N\Q\'&WH;2A-%Y=DO2OV-QJ$H+K=B5%79


WM\;+_ -7)]*-_ 3AL:C36HM5-=\&&/7XO+5Y*FQIB3
MPZ0\AI%@!T(EF%1ATM+DVT2!N9FK9OTTR4P965L6-N[(D22:B2)RL?6C7E


MP?:(''Q1$_EQ.[/%5A5%?DZP/3LZ]WQZ35P10[04&
MZ[FC&GK1^]KQ:3G!8G*G.:VTP07I*KXJK=\QX-;20;_



M0



MQW%O#=8 DC[5@78*H0ORGD8#%VJLY +WNA*S0I34'\+E(-6%Z#=6WNLHM&(.
MW76 ?;Q2P4NUO]&
4[VHE6!9ARU5#-S?:4

M3L NM3QA
B'8A= +6?6K;AQ213 
(3

M0K.N(3FK?&U[RONLFEB$(BJN\;*0C5!U4E4?U:AOUHYY54MX#1XTHYA)CY6U

MLRG%ELT+58'94Y0]2=3Q4_*\W^(P2H*5XL!-Z9GC*635QRE+^=

M(5HBZ


M.;TA!JO_7:

M1BB#:*,J#EH%89H1TYZ.88:+-$\HUK4OH9/;F9/G_!J21
E08SZE177T85

-6@Q
1^MT K=O2IK#6KQ


M'FS1X.N&/%PCZ
06DUF;PE0J
FA/_
H4OL.@9 P+MT]+XUA$_+3/7C:)B;L&

MM8:IL%

MB1:MT-LJ]5D.9O%T4./3&DV
SR;]LE0U4^AM6IE6Q*


M+\YD)UY

 A2N6=%2L?05NAJ- ZF.



M#$/9HA?T







MVT38V!:3:79&V*?:SPGPX :0W^41 ^=-C2KX%1=D
98%G%D#D(11YTOVO43
MQMYG=+AQE5^W%T,9M2CHO1]68-UPZMA@-.^,G@;=H=.9S1P+_%5_=,5-0KZ



A=NR=E0/+UJRL

M





N-92;^N\@1[=IX@7A&P72
7


C'K1

M]L2E-/_P7#

61+F_J+A'4R\(J?OT
MN,)6!.? A[W+I@8ZEAQ9^FR[VA*0I
F8)?$TN

MO*:+.Q
&R



+ET&!UJW.TW5005^2(H15(.%T7=R;


CS4([E\=%Z!T]#)Y(U:IYHZ8$\ISF?_%

M2CR?R


MC_Y]J.0D0.6\R^)[DY:#RM 4L9'C\Z-Q?*Y=V/][DZ:(FCJ2C+&#KFL9K%T0

FXL0NNPQ-YI1$3=#5:/[XR:&*&=#A?.791YXOK


/P6V,].:;9&@6A
M?$2X88/(B10%@MY3VV916V+4*MS^\P6U2+O39HESB9QL=3/R;5'WI7[DU:
M%-3D?49N@_:(0Q#(<0AA8=0AAY+%#)H^
8'^!(0OJ&B_S)YQYRE&5L=IA
M5ZC(F3VVAA



Y0^



M$1M
55=C+-.#\$HJ25OB,-PD-ZPK&JEE3NC^PAW/6$X-^@
M&_6A#W8BI:OVF*4T

MZ!E



H0+3'*%)S#+:


T(;5/V'T2T$H

PIPW:?B
MJ)O1L($PL+N[NA?ZL$#:D,9"&0)]CWJW F T!!'^@](X* !5#?4L N26

M'OUE#W\[C+QOQ08UM=XV6]J4.6C0=$G_W[]2



U)NPAG?1!-M$3)HHC+.Z


ON6(EX%NB&??K]5=I$Y#&N.N;BWN3S?-4PK\5L@Z^.
MCF+&+5[23_<.G\ZIY*;02;HM[BVSQ0@04N7'GJ=')V7E.J;X\S$E-
Y&;Q
M6X@\! BK


/NZC%Z-3MK0\7ZH.
MS12N4



M-+._GSY_


7:Q@I=S687%L[](F5=B9$&
MB_

&:\DT&GQNTJJD



M#8R06W8=51G+;'Y4B6MS-=8:]/9/8Q2NT83.&IRM\0G80E(6M)+#-)04I1NO
MEPUZ?[/KC3_@&'4PR



7L_#YI++ H

*!41)F7MD0!V9N;]N:FU5'9X FRK+CMFJGO


M S.Y8+-_74@V^SU=._TBV1[]V:R[KXQXSXC6X2/7]&SWWO[!\C2*3&AG=A$8

%IC[U \5Z2Y7I$*@^\OE3-R7EDFAM\=%YKG#N:XS [W

;7]BJ





EP3EM.N&P)@Q&S)_*&R&$MPC-DN\Q /''#8QN)4MN_GAKK37WLJ6




MOY?.FSB'ZJ:V!IF84RJX%[?S)DWYIJ2W:9[8+H5[3FY#=P3]@C5\ ZXLX6L4

6*
[[K?)



SBF
3'4?F1



UIP0-81C.

M2I8=$V %QY\#%H7_B E$JR ]7:#G
#O0EJ 0'F;BH0_WCEMKU

Y-



M3.WM ER.6IEYP$@/'&=L6'393L(A19?KI(&9]X?TR/[ @3VWZA$.W#1:3 K








^Z 4M

M19HPVPD(=KWQJ.^
9DZ_VQEV1CUG]NPX\YDIFT!^M5&R %PT-J'OYT1(5?F3

)RUZ[C*L3F*Z_FK^_2
M33(QYV+W]S7V*7%ANEH5[L&J0QBN9%Q22G#D3T[UQ'5ZDH

%OU6)MP0E4S(DU^)2IH@7DQ:!2J@4
V'/M?E\


M 2@Q:_;H0T=!&5(;Z%G3Q;U)&X%$P!RK9P$+UMP+.$$Q(EVUN
?BWNAC1U6

*C\BTL7M$5OGXD[[RX-_HH4A78U)BRYY12*+C#



M]MS@)V7::\=-WG!.Z]F, B.GVUFVN9R20\O*AG17E!E.+,EO2LR'.@56/?
M'OL
E8


MK^P&




MQ7U;[(!EN;+'YU=

M



M1R'+IJ34SMPU]&(?#A#;N_+@P9]CX*/E+I&(BV
Z\PUE\TJ(VK
Q5$CV+3V6

M0G $43#8;#&)*
%QY*Y[^'.7@
 6&)+UXZ35;LP1[PR^4PIW$WK=9)EQ<(.2QUG9XR030GD(
MV*\)BZGJDQV;,LZ7)%9+#$F]48W:C?76%L0#68:6A+]H9DEZB,\_D01LW!
M5P.U@&M[ LR'+.:]0^@&ODH?+I ',/&Z-&/HO8K:R^?('A=L$9%R]83;J:G2
MG.KZJ4#HZC =F+%'R=0.EVZHE[$[(L@FJ+56B&
X;B9V1JGDA51#


=O/EHESJM^# ?!'Z)YI^A
M_PY?:)NUZ,17'\1,D= :OI%J+-H3M)/?3JN#JSBF5*@&I MP5^#BE56/^:(
ME:2P


M!.07[

LKDTIZJE^@([

((:PRH)E*D%HPKLKN?A(TX+[
'IK(-XL)

M9SC+7Y#
)I4ASM!EY)_07#[]0N6K_WW]-UOWM=:R!
79&D(6S74HIW7(BPF[
B%'O_AU
M/NV

PA8V%YJD'%A


M*


M[XQF3G\VI]=\YGP?/SH_OP[FO^;OZ*@I1GJ_J5^OT4O?5;6=RV??1+?+R\;F



G*([01G3(RA,)3&^ R67F,*V\?E)S('TI
M7/;6MKQORU L(90\-<!F_-+;3D4 L\Y?(8*Y6/*T9-[1I7Y\:3802%U/IPVO
M[5-25YS/.;+!/11]]L5?O_D0<2@^9[]P!#Y_@@1^JO%$*Z [P01XGI\BEH9




M^@N@GF15X56/3.V)B1BW)&06?D^ 02__:_O^Q]\D*CV N#?__J_;MOOR(T



M[LM3Y+\+H^=OOOOVV^^_*1I^E;7\Z4OLG;3^_'W1]OTW_W6[?-CLZ-YYZP5Q
MX@2;BHJS::-[_^.//WXC_LJ:QMY/L:!?AALG$:.D[!?I;



:Y41]O:-V8UO2336FS 92




M
$PA2I=




2JR5W^Z[_Q
QC*N[+:WGB!$VP\

+3[YB8^I



M?

%W0(I0#:
M6 CFS4G5?D88!9 FC@(MJD$+:

P2.R??_KN

/
\8Q/M!-XKU0'T^2F8FHZRVIU7(^G0(O

M=]M$6.I46^1W.H6[2ND-P[.FOBA+P%: ;
HM/::4%[3'5 !M'6EE/))CD!

#TL@HV?\EQ'
M]ELV9(D7I-1='6@D;GAWZZ-D:]3J[[T9:#TER1%9$
G \]_K+@08QG0?N*MG1Z.044S<RT&$%%0+HP3P7PYR*Y&1B]T80EI8#SUYS
M#X1'GD@3W2A0+?)C^4AK
B X' MW0TT31J!Z*O9=%;D(_7=Q_#62=+(2XX/
M=



T(+FL^(X) 1'$E

'?H
MYI2I

M%



HO&/MC0X@D=<6@/Y='038C@DI$


Y%\#0W#I5_-H
PDC]66(4!.AZ$P5ND0=2?9Z9)DR3)U:








M=1T6O'H?*%JE9 :AS86T,ZE'59CBX:W M:, 6 L@DVXI^(L&5!!C&7$Q(%T
MR]BD65^/H6XYL_83ZFX.8D9

M:29\62&-$V9IH[G[PFN_VE8XZ&(#[32[X35W]+*6I&B*T7GJPRE:9+L7FYP.


M\H#/-NQ@QHL_:(+C.IDHKK]WU&

M?9&IS/1WE=;TA08I[7$!LI




@TV[6
L/I22LH+V%'&8C^*I:9Z\+U]LC


=%F1D2K&5G$


70;YQI1MP=)&#
MW7SIA-/


DR3RGM*$



M[T;SL.B= C3BQU.L1%^ONKN%W(.D





M '4O?^2HU?ITD4-YJ6XX30$
XM#W7+' *@EBLMJ2U8%&61T \FO!X?^@
?B*
M&9

M

W

L=S:P7)!E5](R
P
M;AT
S4@F#_8GA@

NFE

M;DG']V!$866?DQ)'T I1]H*$D7C\_EGV6P2.T19O=H6
W_E'L28'G3:XLU@3


V3C3H^6!9:O&9'_R\\F$ #\YZ&A*])W]Z61$=


?'$GBWL07(:]#6J=U*#$%EF/!UF.P\'

M?]YKX=?,OE[ZK5$#P#DRFZ#[9)(E$%Z99(MQY

MTU2%K 78PR#SM/VSH,O@SO$26MYVRY+4ZK"_LZ]ZJ9/IH6J.RDA[LKU FH
M*5A%T]S#S3#5HS0DFL(LI+)*N%2W&J22M9T*G(31M1[#K+Z*IOC8^0$
5M.

DJ5\SZ98L/
MWQ3PZ9?-CC5@0;4OMOR?&9


B0L/*@LE7W8-:&P^. 6R1JZ9%\O:BC1%/?

M78

MRF;W8%0#'H^I-E*AR3.%_+FB09TZR5?=VT0C+M#^3]RR,C3@ [J[E?
[61

6UP.O2$-2TV2

MA*P5?#8LU'1FE8UI%;1:OL?5ZG/




MTM=!4\+'&
QV_95XS!F1WA3AD63MFZ3ZJ'AUARL^P
41V#$M!RJI#8Q34J()
M/

5UN4#M?

M




HGF
MQCD
N(+/OWC:!?OE3

MX2$I;VE_)**P=[#&2'@;D(#0DM0R.,]T8C\FC5K!?
(A])WVV.EDQ[CT:;


M0-WBHIA9.-!!#143=()I9J-E#4EY11!1=- #Q9OY9I/N4U_L(ES1K;?A]0E1

MFV7OX2 \DVI
A-Y!U/DL3AO )1O(CCU+S(V DMM
4] ](0(/'G6;TRX. F
M]D C+W39I$:)E:%50+APV(\;2MYX058Y:X17UC
(UX'===?^ 




M




\3=$=#
7IBJ;B@5RZO73B

UU&W5
M\[1VBCWEU;VRFO%CN*9\\#R?GKP3^1CVMWN*JTLC] ':Z8\TL
T;:E4UZB1D

M7#NFK=2\F3F:H9S.XUSQ$X:-Y^2EV.=[7C#S'T9).#(64)&Q'-:YKM1;SPC[

MQ75X1D-R(O(F)QO^-H7])D /A


 LNI&!#.!]2



MH




Z3F-G?X3%VF%D]H
MKZD)7%-O6[;
46V36Z(M846=L
!]JXD$:[E7 _&%U--B[+]K$O3K-69X/&C
MI] T5;!&-+7J#02KL_^(_&+U!FZOJ;(06K152I*.*RI**1Y[T2)Q=FQ+EM\
M/J\+OJ;.
?)L*R1G0'(.
W*91L


M$'(#DY
23DL8

+$#+[_/4K$HD0I&ARS]'2NA7F=




MZ(*O?:Q6)
_35W2Z;0 Z3YRO'7%_ QBR#R*$_3RG3+!!4\K$*W=9#+JLLH9Z
M9)1U



M!2G[7?['



N8?@ YD;(9$1]
K-N5#CGP[

5N.IM@1I ?
MD(G[W'N+TO\1]%V?#F36LCKK_]['%7/J\6M@B68?#

M0CU-H%V%U!8!X31O.1'A5*/DY_8X^.J)C[DEG^-+.#Z?X^LN0]4;GZH$P)
MJT*S.E GKP
 /9=@$;F)X9&&X 96!V
BQ@@97+I?09;!I3\X R1GX

M)T\QMB4LH(FIAE$1F^PM
_T -QHW7N $FS&SMV1?@-Z:LQH40P-1
GNMV5MF




KHL=Z(0.C!+?-7N&EI')A=/;8\FE4T8UZ90

M%B-__V?)

M?0$S[(8)YN$MI%KJZLU%NL_KN-FG'L./64[/:GMWDO!3I#I\.H3!TO=^3SU7
M?)I%_65JB%$JPB ?!

M05HNB,(BGK%KZ_O!NNK=P 80\

MO/'#SXM@&T9[$4_9IN/JLH4.6O3AGXMUG3(S79R6U(AQYMD.A'A3IJ!Z%3&^

MGVTKWCN;H!Q@D-7

M







5A\N%O<+[G=X_
+UVN




M#RH^1&%Z
'8&IFRA_(
Y_'

M+Z!Q7#N^YKOCS\51$^M6NDG2*$N=624[&JVISXLNB
US^T764-^%=F$##F!#




Z/D9.$//

M^II*@

M@#:5_2G?;Z#\7N3UEP
-8EJLA[(


.VKAH35X 3ZVI .TY3FBDWNK\_J]

M@[\4*83
35__^=/BGKMQIMK7CVC\4Q_)UUI+6HA]CX![R23M4TS7WO






5'ZGO/H:WO.R&


M%)Z5BY3\PK%

M;OX^KO%FU1D5E%-H=+XA:T^^]YR7$_H4N-P?9'7;B2#%Z G:)T1J^%MG8VH1

D0VL;K0&YL[0L:7A4UHWH%!MX&YNIBN?@@:FX_D$]W5]S4
MS^\7C_

^H15YWE'%ON#XT4\J_1RYT3//0X[5.R@/9 :[KDT



M
)LZZ5I4:]Z@A7& K5!]QM +4I


P0J

;IU.S:B0*V




%OMC+V'F!DZ6\

/GJBQ$0+6Y9SC_$[[PPS5/=$MXSON0


M/_99LO7^$MQ*;H!!:NRX;W;437U*%N1MARU8;4G&F^3


M@V[UV+[L_TEHUSK
L#4W07.N';H6-G2-\WX%R\9QANOA\N/UU:?E=6:=2L]=
M.P7DQ3;NYZ*:']]CG=_AN\\TH )J[KP.I7W3&:E?'#\MMM%8C.)[VR-/3]AL


6XJ]50M63HY@7MN15 6Y:\57

M\9Q.[S[%S%]?QXFWY^\AZ3J\




#2$%A%:CFJ_!E)J@0

.

MIGC4:2A('J*5H4K$%'4?I?(UX7V0*#S0*#GR6SL)BX=Y+'S@@4=/[Z3-%]I7
M&0Q XWY'3CH3=YX2L9(JR?$HW_CP#R5\6L$/:(+.T9E*N][]##-1G_@11$L'
MV$H+^J:F6B!%
SQZUQL*'E\GDR3U


$ 3:C01Q'D2V9[+4#QLG'/!;4!

GTW:O&!$[UAQ)5DW6VL08 /)UB



MR@O$:XEFCQ/H#R'[0


M5E:Q@UXDJ^&J7V3&$WV/!?7 H

;C0L[=GLBY9+HU^4&Z
M3DW .L\RX='+*=#FCU -#HQ%ED\A%#1/T*(*!4PT4AD&&*CCI6@-FPI$8D

(/\!BZT9#3
O#)4!CEAS

D/9!E#G


Y]D#)*B/U1/_(K[XP%Q9]*(%8TWIL:W765*I


 


$*CD! / E//)87_:4/$2


%S]OBYT
8M5VR!0QJAAREUI$Y

M/P;*HH%/C.B




KPOF:CU$I%E-Q
&0VMO) D0JI#?!(WOG2/O

M&3VV9+?!



M&ID.ATS7RELHW S-JS*/$Q^L](N#AAP0MQ@0;CKRNI=/1\*A\3\GE(5'$5]4






?09)IC)U=L*


M2PI;L:ES^ M#(R: &GX43^S1;^@

M& O]GTNCOD?^V2%&K&'#UU
MAT.:+YHU)R4S4N





M(@QD4H8049V8R4KJ(4*E/Z=.Q&R5?ZP]


(@OCO6_
M=
1BK9;*@.4\S,?2ZQ]1?UCJ1.+@Y83O\
%ZSUG1L=EV(\U3!RW1FO2?6^
MA0.T#VD%)9=/F.AL*A3@SJ%;S+3


%BJJF@OANQD&^

MH)Y^DQP97N#WNXPD6^

A(N/ZR\5.7
M]?H#LR*?/;^A
IV;47V^ ;;CV6]@FIZH?
3+;W_$:T:J3Y)ER'XW_!-^-ODM

5




+H'.Y:IP%HJI*J@&@%)L8
M[:E?EUQI^8@.H9KP='WG'0[L^Q^=P
W/&X6CXE?5A*F[#.-$^T1/DQO8_5!=





M+:




[;^+3;
MJ+8NJ\^HH/9J&IUO))+F#3!$;MJ=O@W97)/QNVYS!4:S\R]Y
_#X1B[FTBV?
M5AE'L-VZ2G8TXMM.ECL\^HRA=WE
AL!H0U;0BQU+5'2$+A%$V01T7XT 0'
MUEK:[_BG0T4G3 OCS\

H'G76\$

R




MY.-HO/! 0RF+.[-/B%53[2.%]W9)&

_B!8(E

M]L


(?$4%AUM+#3DIE\-,BDY[J(HTV^NE*CSS!_]ZQ

MPN#@*-_-.
YWB%+JQH*(-+5.7TW5R77:.MK#K%Q0[^_
?K$0*7@^IDY0)/'=

J/K!& %Z*..$
M!SJHT1I364A4B_-[V_;Q7MQW79@H:)1E [Q)?

MP/HJ$F&]8!M&^^R9V(CZ#G_#+@F)_8C QEFF2J^.M@PUOK_!^D_6D$W6(1TD






M;K: 8 

#62;U@=4P9FDH&RS?+
KN

M=UX




J;3*E)Y7:1.H
MZ;1O%)=]F41B.C12TS]2A<;:




MNOF=4U^D+=-0%W7N/.R
O2
)5PYARPU=H8&^ZRZ!@\PEZY]-$;96W/@UT
MMD]$E\R#9^KGWRRRJ1]H].)MJ('ID1ABJR_ 1GR6@])PGPD1C$@AUP4KDO-



MSHY3*_ 2-G9#KW
DI3E_$SZ6D%)^7;S6+\^\N$


[%/#D!JG8::4VR&1N[*5M_[


M;6Z=P'D6]?
&.1




4
M%&C.N2P!^0)0N5/.06@RT[**W-P7V5MOYTGV5I*

MKW]/O0.?W@]1:%X]5
$-VL



HORT550@8P4=

:*.=[



MRT^ DC&0#!.P##

7/^YXO30Z+I]6&U/K(B6UY?1@SA[.:6]Y'+
MUOQ,]\QW0'MV,S#G:EUWYUWK4PW/NH
P?AP#2WJ=MUJ%8)X26B^^3WU(NHN






W_.^K/G-X3-
EYO\D6ZF&H; (DF=(62;TH^

:+T

%3K!A2]RJGE[OG!Z3S^!94YH.
MCSQ[)^



.4KO/4NV.7JM/* ]@L=P3
MBC9M1#9'6A9:

M =&L.O*4D*K5#. &:L_.[YTDC;SDB
)S:75[&0;/;_G]6.(S@:\]H-!Z:1:P
MYDN7$B@JOW1H )3ZEL\Z. E]2

MG9&

ZF]AS-54I7 7T
'S^'?Z5.I+WWI\$)*DC1 ME2+5 0U:+G&6%TO'(@
MIR&



2T
M&B\2%=R@_9<2;.M&,C_R/'OPKB)Y8^



M3Z_-[](-T6V8JW

U+02^H-&(TM1[ZZ



@L
N17_!

M[ %(!O@8

;




MTWZ%O-JMS80-?DUIB:2I-UA6EYJ2)K_2*Q6SZ;1%E$R_=X[BZ8SPP@E^ZPYV

S5B1KAF$KP[KS*[]#SKF
/?_)7+?






QR;;=U0E3MO!2GA

VL$CV'!4R;+ !


]


MJ(T%M!]JA]44NSPXRIO-QGERI8_O
01LV;\$1;N2/$MS3RIN5ANH4-:M/D






M9_#M



\R$

^%+6]*1%M2-

MG@+48\(!











MAU?9D/=X2K2/_(MDGX/S.3G)CZ7PI30;2?-PSABAUA:E[A;!QD]=_B)8\9?A


M
_:-9J\JT+ 8K6(07HI!^!\3D.CJVT#1BJ:RP5BDU9/O/8N4.-/*$0HN&
*1


O:

+
PDU_B05!4%^/\

M.%0+\HP)*;G




MEESWN9E=_]AJFX46BA=V)3=/E=Q@[VEK@)7K( \Q
[(9Y





!#5HBD6V?4GJI38?J\
M


MK



M@ K= T2K)M

@29 HFI
YE1IZ.]5\@OD%A)@6:]RB
1*!'%/AG



M5_B*2=-:XLMG#%8 ^3\C2O4RI_490:WB=2#JB..
%&2=B==@BW3M:92NRG7G


MEDE(8FY&LG523
9_!?B1^S$8BH,_B6@Z\8&1E@BHR=.%4'P.A%4GUL X]@JB6
MK=8;QXO$B]=5+?:%F?]6E&5
5.0



MU)V]H


M]


5LF;

=);_9T.0!I


?FH5_'X6*14H NT$E2@9=5TB804J5K





M^92'BV'%)J
J]5Z-]-5CLXCJIVJHGZ4%)\;44^=+17K'W2T%T36*?1= GQD.



+L+Z78+



] -PUR2V


]_SC03&(PB?HP


H\Q\;$Y@4:-(.0CVU(EK



1P0?=[$DM[^'EOEYY8W3;'#MH









M!$G8M2-1T80J

MOP]Q90%NPARBOVUX;(XE]::KE%4N2T@QT'AMD0YAE;:\$E,TQ0@Z1(L?'=

L[L1^(Y*1GMR&D)W<D/7A!A28M=LC0Z=KXLMG@) *8(4L,=F0*L
MZ^(X-NG11)T[O.7N-LC0&O&.+4/G=%]YP W%Z:-E43_K6I3#6%3]967EY*W
M1YI14:V7U/V$; H[==Y_376-, [K8FH10XIGJ\!(8$CD YTG43D^$KYKOZ



?FO6
?/QAXMD7TG*^XM-ZQC-W]-6(6/FL#*_@OA)0(@UB3JF(I$+YGZWO
M[SDSG=





\[Z(0FD3P

&8)F\7





]NA\Y



QAT&WXI+UKJEVX!(V\!1

^4LL@Q;SB=SS6:.?#7E


ME7

M4 06?#X]W6.0X/.Z3_*




MVT V$
]OR?O^!ES7H%$L7N-;PH#?!.O2@M<K3<^C6JH !!EUE2 !!20$H% )



MS

M8VB0?E?!X[]7$#TX7K-'B_H[D3K'.!3G+HHE_A\\D3-C?I
H=N$$!6_XZ2/!

D 
0VQ=?G
MYU5U

 ]LD][R5ME6^XS8M/!Z1T(.O =_MD9T603I2\4Z+)* E
M[:YO@FZ+@HP-?;AXM'$U. (PSX)E]0HBU)F!V'W*2'*3Z9P?)2GKSDDSO*T

QBK.;QQ)



N
.S!O0J6D2CO[RC$ISL*9@^]HG]:/9$L*
M1DGO*?N61)CM@CUPC[C5AE



1/1:<&@ H(U3 0405$&!
MH YD<GP7E45BKIJ^T3;^'!/SY@(G+/^U;F/8L;/@]E56LSLG00_)





93P ZSSL^6#=.!2?BEN/6:]&)Z+96^+@$W#WN)_[U2 96/NNP4W
MC:G;%V2:!?$4=KH#TR7
=6[6V:9)GET(7\
-CO(8/ZU?\1NLX@7O*(.%/B1K
MRK;B;.YZ7WZYA!*;JI989PK7MEB/+*V$EQ(*G!27CZ(:$&I 6J#5OG[B-P'.
MGV+Z%EA%RF+I\\F
XI(%&8;IK_.4)#A-R]6D/0TT._7*
!!7]FD
M19SEU\[


MRM\Q6]')UK[F#WJ0-&V!1=RD

M%PM;K-




(I&#Z7A:%X(*!UZ549'5W 
0
M7.GK0:3:.V%X&

MID



MH.@(ZO&3WI4NL4Z@F@IA$^^



M@4BQX;:W^C\6JT_P&R1=N5F]
Q

MKRW2-]Y9


U'O07JSXSOMDR0T
M5WZ


MH(?DKS@4&3V9_G'Y
BW)^%C:+9.(LN#1E*-0$'F[5FLQ\@9F'(SW!BNVB0*
M)S0XX.?DM$I;;.2/?&7$;\;37$9#C*,!'Z(*)J9/D&!8YQ2F+SC+6?*T+A&2
M/@.V-J&SDV.+)&N=UY:PA[=DU3/ )GU1W




W:\
MJ\'2BKOL
7[V+V#Z.% TTTH$[G'.2II6(GN/ ^4UU8*GCVZK;5I^?U-$44^Y
MPY=8U'40PT=V JD5

T97*HEM] 'L4U

:G[$/*(Z
\((
M0].


)






MLJ_L4N4BZZ'* @WI$E\3M0PE2FJO:29.)MDBT3MF&4FY\:Y@2Y[/C@UWT_=S

[W3+



7E\@


9?F]N&;'WE+?[(+T?



M

M




M0OSUQ_UU^ :2/TX'NTVP::/2ZL%;]Q
6(T2'P1S4Q?/$B*Q2!?W1@XS@WJ
$JWZ<9B\TCN\I^PA8U*$;U,9+2GV#7[76IZ(U
M6FG^&0U_W] XXG;O'ZJ6O5=9T505JM!V/

D
M
4*+7A4CZ[Q







M7PEX[\^



MQWU8Z)\M&B7.^L!/$\WSOWL,&-EF& O,H27]K\6TX8_HSC:$F_!'#9/-N_
MXA!^$MQ5&T8=ACZS*Z_3R
Z5DT'Z;3D=@ODN

N;MT=Z/NO


HW  =

ME779MVN'_4RK&18'P-5.0Z0CW^(T9&37A6/USD:&Z0N[Y'I
Q+Q*3ZIW5V(2


M9Y!?H6FIAH4X;N 42E-#&=^'.!JAG+Z@T+[B=F06RCB(-=_



1J'['P9'
MP =) CV*=_P#RO?]'QN<U-]7'Q9KW'$-#<M)4(J#6&PVS$:A)M%

Z\G0
M*HA%%=UT@W$F%GGLWQ6_/W*J_0?_G?]8!2GF7_T?4$L#!!0    ( .PZS4B


#$V
#
S

VDB[Z



'A\3_YI=DK&_NOOO[=S]\]\
W]*\OQ'/LP__^YK\B#WUS


M*@Q4^U1GMD]_O44A7MFNL7F?CUH'B.R'P70]W2
_YFPEPG-&K'OR?;+;^VB+

MK3!Z15!3?V-[^



M4U4/5


_/1WC[$4K2TO\[1N%W^\V-OSZE6XRO
MCT)A2(/3)U1) \SJO;$:B8]HO;LTQ
4EIBX8#!C4Q[;GO

.@S#2O
M!C VM1'= ;T-IKSJ!0$J-[NB


TUDZ):7!1Y-?


M\PUC '^.Z

MW\364HO-Q;SM94UU&D8NM


:A'3(VFP\):?

MD3^24;M&23KFNM9MXR@Y0_%H-[%WE)VY?
BJ=_*?7T?+7[6F=]:ECOMYZ5/M

U+TD\^XLWOZ261: Y?\XVP
CU-
3I:[/-H$H2U(XM[MZ:<+]*AA)%C8]Q#G3NJ^!
M&.+O@9%A%OFK+;W*!%RI?:B!&I?-;;S[D_6G=#^ZI^L._1D)[%U)W_RR]J6


Q131&


W(+






M=S6E-OZ2@]_R/5O9+4%C:
C7;67A5?A4S9&-91&)1S.TS?2?AX/7\74?2.W
M[T_729:??O(RK3^=#(:3Q7#PV!OW)OWAXGDX7X4K87F/@0(?+'L+8=L9UQ
MGY@/.MD$ZZ2 ^(M-(
7TB2KZL_GPF?YX]




 *G0<3O:6W]O(S
$:([\
VIA.^ONA_8RXP+'D?@_WICX1Q@L4HY#

G8[#IO3DVKSC



BY5PQHU4AF6)\
MF'?/WY;[IWC5JG*@.1*0NZ:D1.B#XSLQVR

M :


&%=)E8=?4TW_
R'.%^P6!?/K
M=(?RL^HN.E4L7;!7%EDF9TG2++P3(BWDIZ6:@-8=TTP=LE9KXZF\:10ON/

X8:FX4=K;LF6+

M
#&IAOJPV7;!#I&K74 WE_@=RI:X%%; KN7A02%N2W4(ZQ[6[%0M.$\'I3$+

M=0]KXI(PIYBC'!P=-O+UPJ2.P8*6EOWL:M4OSDX.A2J-W


KNO

]G3=

W%V]B)JEY@J1]K8?&
[-[V4]-,;657K?%J/KP@VKE =90,R'QEC RC)=#,[8/0PH
M0\@I?:4T&<A%4^L!UO@EX0M_!5^

M4W
/Z

M*Y3=9

MF)099L$42\*L0:SP





2-0?6B/FTY)DJBC%T0-=-05TGK!$ZI#A]@/5:;;:*
M@'1#@0WHJ9B%)YNN7; 2JHV$R\GWP5-]+-/@F#FD[70,9QK!:QQ:C/M?.KF
M%$LX^^TQ6;I-






GU\-0(NG(-@?/IYXQK;J1#&XY3E!XVG\J
M/H72'@NZO(BV )1F
D)C%FN!CE1E0'H@B35^)LO4')?V7('N
;_A5A92N3T


MC 00I:VM3#?E$8



JQ7H+(6)X-4&Y?D&1
M=G3#$T5Y%;4'3I%0DK\\*VO+9=18TQ/KA']J](-*FL
G1U!^]YT-O.61V.T





0JHUA
$E!YOV(OYJ'TUDXP'G2BDK41IS9
M=1J42VN.]I&_VM*)3]?*I]B3^A$$*6XK($M,\DTB)\L94L7]*9
%$\GWVL


1RVB%#!8K7\C7 3GIO]B-BN2@\O\


IY#-02\
M^*H;0-SO!(5L&C.?O&/*F

[0QV?


M5XBOK0Y:8G+='?KYAB93526C&&AEDU\S;#*78(^6![&%3]@/^EE'36)P@; K
M1KE+F(

MGJ=S5FR&=WU1Z@S]@J


M.*H^
_M06C]

;L

I:%0I'@'[74=N-
MDH


M2$GA

M0C$6#A68 3@P]91'





MQSQAS_96ALPQ@L&L!UB#L5%SC 1G%P*=SS2Y+?%#M@L/T)NRUIOO8STTTK@K
4!5X7ZZ&1EM/J&\(ER&Z8PXH0I@[V
3
$
8U^+==ME.+I KG6&L3VU,
M-:N+T%P<$YSR6XPNJ5!QZ1<5(?.
W<Q1C[M%-U?</
M=*^4%?A1ZF]]:J/M5!F:
K)$N2OB0O-B4#@\+M&)_:CZZ









U&96&*N@$O
M-C%]N488(9Z6'XPIHO-TU'2#R/W@L/1M+Z TBF__-W^F4SP/A=4DZPJPI'A3
MTEMA&J




MA.U-'$:78TL/'FX'(
&64:CH.!%AZ(;
CNB@W@93Y2PY' %.C((I#+^NW
C!





96]D
MU!V3()BC(')9^#]+7/U$&;ABSUM_0ZMP@%S[(/


MN=Y;(9XVZWXG1$/;]^A)&[!S=X;\!=5Q;VZD.

M?8#7B8LG$4B0M*-%=(GNQT.D]0#GI-DI=]0G13 5Z8BEYZ0)UQ ):4TOQ4



VFS3GIDKHI]H $
:GE.+3M7B*FD:I\J

/DC)3WLFK?.KPT$E,,;J?@,N
MW5RZ_7URN]DP9;\+;-(A6,%?,&+?F;9C969SOBP5;_;<

J8WF8#8L%31-WH.-4A


HZVVL9G8Y\%
MSZ
79+

M&[5L
\\]B%5XI2;J!O!.+9M.$FF0ZBC.U*-:K


M U#;O

V\[M!9HO(9M76J!-NN9TAP#/YRZB.R^


:+5IYJ.]

M.F]:E5(=-&=-*A&=LQB5X'5CN8UMCYDQYWBS#8
22XRCW%T.*ZLES&MOUEQP

&GY=N9&#O4WV

Z1A^:HF-4R/K-;XTRJ1%^<-0=?B4Q2R
M$ICTQK*+=DE:R=1M\T3.2%IF198=''A=7K%'N@PK &WS8AS^_#I:_@JSV!8A
MI=^6N)1X 3/ZA@=6G5:E-+BP(^ABO)Y:B44G&P2Z7+B
:LMHY823-H9W( IHC5O
:F@JNMD K)R
M


$D*Q.=4B=5WRQ?96:I*BT!VX?E4UY4:

M(QZS..24NC3.



MEP5DC5P^;#VATQL(VFA+TC:\&KT0=Q6K_@YLGTJH.XARS(\L$,;1HLHGHN
U^9,X,+2&Q8OG@OM&1]FQ;'DPE1%#OJDQ&ITH+^)<SF/V)<:5KSB01J05


<4J/=WL8^TSV3C TYNS8K

M)N

MBDGM


MB+6]T:ATGT?^.UZA_M;V-WQ'9[Z1=0=C+*N^]U[!


M( TJ4NH/'%FDR
=B(5 %V
SRLD?(+S:ED8?\@SCB@-


MN9M4'DG;HVX9%.FJS;6O@II+V /:?9MOMDV8[D;+HK!U46 V/ QROZ^64
M.Q%V]V)_56-8OAU45(LFPRZG#'WKJ%FO&0NH=4[0T6ZW



G^O?W+6733CGP51P[HFZ ;CWLNF(B3X_4IPV

C^^HR13^FZ/8S1.W(E)[': 


M/D-LCA5!Q1IL]#O ?M);GDR&R-5R$_13_& \SD)P^9Z\P+0C$D.M@:!=NL:E

M;3^?L#Z$R%C/SN&X^%A$=^VD2!CQV*Y^G.QGGT1[%=^XYD@ [O*+K
./MLN*

MU4\GO?H!-4T .;@AM((M1PZ$6V@A7AB[^1OGTN.V*R*C6*2[&XEJ=:PP(C

NQDD,AP;<6&PX#KCRM.O$0]
\Z %+(1CB


IB45OH
MF !0T1!2!?K*4(

MWV-I! 6[7]V?A*H&T@@IO@5QC=4A 0L22ND^\M[IN.04(W3SX*#C# ZG22D$



MFR]'PT5O
LC]X-?EO#=9]/K+T72R.&4*3:_
P2 IZ)9+3@-W4^/EJ%+8)&5=



MH\K]AU'EPZCR851IP@KX


M-2&DOYRI=1;YJZT=H(#[0/?AP^#Z87#]




[H+L!2T
M!C:8Z%&7LQ\7PP+5I(U*



D4G_PZU%U:H*L*&O8XZ87VQ*) _Y!_$RYC0'=NB6
M7\%\/

M.

/%,'L\\U:[9B^ -+FXCBG\ _FDGD-T!QOMF% R7ZO)S]1CL2A&/DN_R<




I

M;EU

WT4

!FQ\*
'O4H+#@=YNX5GZMH-VMO^[/-+X
MLBFP0:

M(;=;$_RXBJJRV?2ULYN:P




MQ/N&
\FG0G\!5N4*J#I$@[SYYO=\
&





M7J!31?+N0Y/L9F;:TOICMU+39G ^([+Q[?T6KVQ7$LC&[0
=I::;#K!@_BWG

M8@1-?)OW3#6 GXBLOOIY*^@X+4UF7$V^.5?F *V^VY#W[V-GD7](]KWT'Y=;

5:(C.3T@'[_IJA6\&??\G#&_+5(

 3E2=H[U]8/(5L++*

M6NSDT8#8!?5)'SJ+AC(J+FS EOF62H
T5V?V7&3.WHI7N9IJ(UN@=\0O3UAJ
M-&!-7%48JB$\2L(_6^V]:J?27G:IYW3V'T'\R()%^ZVB%#Y1BC Y9.&L2[+


1L^BO@1Q=
K)SF)1
N#EFHY)L



=(_^;:WXB?RY#6U[F#


MM;'NX5^)*&^U9[
^\NH?[5RE

MY=%9.^L!UDASR8%B/EU-N1


%\!J

W\\].G_XY##+)5NU@.LI4F=:ZIH6NZ/.1XR






MDOP6= 6^@91FN1A2-QX+9.?76.&=P'5CZ-+!NM7L\Q

#O

MW0Z'#.$
^9B( E9D78%SHZNP6@

?)(WDK


M' (%]QY0P#6YYHP1DY
Q)&2&Z^UAD&V%AW17+.FM*$U('( R7$(V_YA;!Z



MF[P9SFKUK.1=X(Y63G)85\89Y07
R2;;;O:42T@.ZU.XH'\QDRXGW(G8N7+9



MNC@%


MN&P9*/CD.R:KA=S-4!4;K)\#_DO]#PA+K:?(^QB)R)/=*7WR3ATQ,6H5?H













<\
MS)5&L.Y@ R6D?!2XNM70=6(O*
8[_+K'?LRQ07%63)WNUAULU(-12;B&U@TK
MS 5:9Q#Y++H#^9@XBRVELUB_EW6V[F!SNIB1 0ZP+H3$BI#*'C)(^UIWL*:Y
M&KB?X:KOV8_ZSQ#WN+Z




M1
+KC&N2CM9]JZP^ZJ#


M:G]E%=
H?/JW9^)BQSX$0!F4LJEJU0T3]#*1]CQ'/V$Z\\MVP
\SQ50I4AP+

^%MC
8!#/6F#MH
K\4T)B+$3!

-W#ZL:-L^
M_1^]C+-44
1G0QSZQ-\3/[4%Q(]HU5BN.1SP8U-MONO#
Q:18)+YGUWREFAW




Y

M(O9BZVR4Y%W7PJWQ#G5(Q 9*&XXR@7OEB(BN_'-R9+?3DHP5[:G?N\DDR\

X9PJ'T.6=O4:_TR:#=UT$:(SQQ[CL
M/='-$V^\



MJW!

M?\W86#

(F!OJ?W#FOA?;-\)=.5.A*PC; F@5!G1D1FRP)[1*?Y9J''/*)_\]

L*6P)AFJ3)/
CMAZ 9OYY)WNK[%?
M9DQLCZVJFH1


MLP1M$)M$=7

29T1K_ZI$23




@#_V$9^*.;2H3(4?2@0SNKYZ/5F3CX3]C


M2G.''NU[$:'7G-#)RL2X-*66G:X=D6?E28:?%3E2..88?LSNK$NG](1V-9

Y91[!KZ^(J


G N[W)!R+G@
M2N/Q *6YXB#

S[+V1=\1!).:V\@#0&8IU
MF:P%#/;6S'-:KUE-]H V?R:N$_3


ME'4/8^_3WAE*8LNJV[5X.\C(E ++_IU+/++84G*KV/%E8UCW
+;!
EN %BA8




MV)KD'^VQ$)I#G$D8?$A]]Y
3)R/5L?XYL-RO?_8(]
MO(MV5V/5[H#5T*J#FP]--]F:0YI)AV5+9FW?LW\TZQ !'*_;-F[
P8'U+V@

^*E[FUBK3!)3[N!:.#K\ND+(

29%[+-/'WK;/^

WQ.45F=AE!1


KJGVRW[!7N=F.\I+4))JV5O5EK' #][ISNP5
4TOFD=K-98C)CQM74
M22


MI!SA

JD_

3@-2ZI$LGK ER4B\\A58YF
-I]&8@+EP2)5 ]=O
-)$1/I=BSL!UW=

M5XKSZ(CN1G$#J.)IAEAW F%L0P7EVH1XJR224LJ_RZ90E=(





OF^'25F'0V9R[


MSLVYD=9A)6B$CTO32F PQ!IHI3S-!5QYFC?CHJ?#E7C.77 BW\)VTZ%0:D6\
M+;?=5(D5@0VD5N4/)X;@&DRK[34)
?PC








\&06[C;@CA*G&1$I*T 4F)2E/NRN&




M\AO/V48O+093T!I(VRNB:?$V4SSG#ERTL^6LY#V[:@SM*Y-L1L*)M]SIE82
MJ3P7/&L([90JY$0QUZXFWH2SO2K#^ND+=E6^7;0']AA=LT3$NNNYMYN#?3O8





7=WA5.J2ZG1 N+=P]J:##!9#
[8
M+1?(



MMQ ?;R$^WD*TX2W$S7-9)SF



MI_[T938?/M

8!N
ME04X%3@NZ-6FX  )C+]B38?\2X5^;_'\-)[^JP'V3I:5]
DE7U2R)(NZ?5@R
M]2V9143\


N1
$@P&75W&@#=)@JX;%MV9




MW'2Q)5O'Y20=JX%:AB%GDYR

C



[1=]J/2&F/:'S@QS@MY1TDM8O%LY\1UZ2GRQ?:=
M<MKC:XI_0'<2R$&W-_:_H9NJ*1/@I#^7%ZZK]1XP+EP;B8_?/C9+M.%\ZGP

_*%SNM?6W28^21$V!OM]L2G=\1!%*ZV



M^?2XVB1UD.31C+PN0



8N0S!;(P/&M/3(=J=O+M[$K!E$:.1-T-=P^06Y[^B%







X^UG:/U&:$#O-NS%R_L=Z_SD?@ITE-O-/^E-WX=O@Q[
MB]?Y


M 


[3NGU1X3W[ PON
:(HOMTANFVIG)U\2BH




IK&K3?
M^W %;Q0$D1Y[TQX=8.T1NZ$Z$UBZS0*@]#VG.+< 4K=.L#@


?DHT+WM'?K3R6 X60P'BV5O&4?L
M3I_^_^ZN[B=A&(C_1_KBB^]B8J).]DLH)-M#.E$/WO;3O&&/VZN6[M^4;(


1Z6Q-A4VK$E7B"6H[/3JD
M'6PW-_E16LMG04 REQ;B+$$.3MFVG%P?\PTF+4#2E\HJ[C4R2<FB
1 +'O.

M&M9Z95+_] -YS( &J+=YVN


%

41W?K

KV]:]'I0 ^Q

R:H\XJF


M5
.((-FX&ZF[0
*Y^NF(]&KFR=H/S)@.Y/6+4L/N%1374K /N?LXZ=MM0,H
M:H[P\,%1D =ZI'(3Y9)LB.K=XXIU&'0IWVCQ4.F$.TQ9C%9+:?O[J^OJFV]
M23]+?O$+4$L! A0#%     @ [#K-2/'0*Y6U?P$ $SX7 !$
M ( !     '-Y=70M
C Q-C S

M(0  'F$! !$              ( !Y'\! '-Y=70M
C Q-C S


38P
S



